===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the RTX First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Chris Calio, President and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Nathan Ware, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast live on the Internet, and there is a presentation available for download from RTX website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net non-recurring and/or significant items often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risk and uncertainties. RTX SEC filings, including its forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Calio.
Chris Calio: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We're clearly in the middle of a highly dynamic operating environment right now, and we'll, of course, talk about that today. But first, I want to highlight the strong financial and operational performance we delivered in the first quarter. Starting with the top-line, we generated 8% organic sales growth. We also drove 120 basis points of segment margin expansion, which included strong contributions from each business segment. And we generated strong free cash flow, an improvement of more than $900 million versus the prior year. On an organic basis, commercial aftermarket sales were up 21%, commercial OE sales were up 3% on a difficult prior-year compare, and defense sales were up 4%. Underlying these results is our continued focus on execution and the deployment of our core operating system. Starting with the GTF program, PW1100 MRO output was up 35% year-over-year and 14% sequentially, and we remain on track for over a 30% improvement for the full year. This output is a key enabler for reducing AOGs, which we continue to expect to trend down in the back half of the year. Isothermal forging output also continued to be strong in the quarter after record output last year, up over 10% versus prior year. And our outlook for the fleet management plans remains consistent with our prior comments. Our focus on supply chain also continues to yield results. At Collins, overdue line items across all suppliers were down over 20% versus the prior year. And at Raytheon, material receipts were up again, marking eight consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth. Also in the quarter, we made significant progress on two future franchises in our innovation pipeline. Pratt received FAA certification for the GTF Advantage, an important milestone for the program. The Advantage incorporates all of the learnings from the first 10 years of the GTF engine and service. We expect it to provide up to 2 times the time on wing compared to the current engine, and it will enter service with full life LLPs. We remain on track for initial deliveries to Airbus later this year. We're also certifying an upgrade package to incorporate roughly 90% to 95% of the GTF Advantage durability improvements into the existing fleet during MRO visits. We're targeting next year to have this package available for customers. And at Raytheon, we have completed the prototyping and development phase of the lower-tier air and missile defense sensor, or LTAMDS program. LTAMDS brings advanced 360-degree performance to the market and more than twice the tracking range compared to the existing Patriot radar system, enhancing protection against complex threat scenarios, including large quantities of unmanned aircraft systems and hypersonic weapons. LTAMDS can be integrated with battle-tested industry-leading capabilities of Patriot, which is the backbone of air and missile defense for 19 partner countries around the world. LTAMDS will now transition into the production and deployment phase with continued deliveries to the US this year and next, followed by deliveries to European customers. So, overall, we've made good progress in the quarter on multiple fronts, and we're pleased with our performance. Okay. Let me turn to the operating environment and our current thinking on tariffs, which we have outlined in terms of potential direct impacts on Slide 4. Generally speaking, the aerospace and defense sector has operated in a duty-free environment and that has been instrumental to the industry maintaining one of the largest trade surpluses across American manufacturing industries for decades. Our industrial base is largely located in the US, including about 70% of our employees and a majority of our total labor manufacturing hours. And on the supply chain side, about 65% of our product spend is with US suppliers. We also continue to invest in our US industrial base. Over the last five years, we've invested nearly $10 billion to enhance our domestic manufacturing footprint and capabilities. And this year, we're planning another $2 billion of investment to further increase our US capacity. For example, in the first quarter, Raytheon completed a $60 million expansion project in Tucson, Arizona, which will significantly increase capacity to support growing effector demand. In this year, Pratt has kicked off a $285 million investment to expand our foundry in Asheville, North Carolina. This is part of our broader turbine [airfoil] (ph) production strategy to support growing demand and to maintain a competitive cost structure. Combined, this industrial base and significant investment supports our position as a net exporter of goods out of the US, with exports exceeding imports by over $12 billion last year. But like many companies in the industry, our supply chain and customer base are global, and we import raw materials, parts and modules from around the world. In light of this, we would be impacted if the current environment were to stay in place, because not all regulatory and operational mitigations would address our tariff exposure. But the situation remains fluid, and it's difficult to assess the impact of multiple variables from a change in the duration and size of the current tariffs to countermeasures taken by other countries to the potential secondary effects of customer reactions and supply chain and operational disruptions. As a result, we have not included the potential tariff impacts in our outlook for the year at this time. That said, we believe it is prudent and helpful to at least share some estimates of the direct impact of the current tariffs on our outlook, assuming they were to stay in effect throughout the year. Now, these estimates don't include secondary tariff-related impacts, such as changes to customer demand. So, let me turn it over to Neil to take you through our assessment of the impacts. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Okay. Thanks, Chris. Let me take you through the various categories of incremental direct tariff exposure and the level of pre-tax operating profit impacts, net of available mitigations we have currently assessed for each category. Starting with Canada and Mexico, assuming the USMCA agreement continues, we estimate there would be a cost impact of around $250 million, assuming current tariff rates remain in place for the rest of the year. With respect to China, at current US and China tariff rates, we estimate there would also be a cost impact of around $250 million. Again, assuming the tariffs remain in place through year end. Keep in mind, our business in China primarily serves local customers and China accounts for only about 2% of our global imports. As it relates to the rest of the world, we estimate there would be a cost impact of around $300 million at the 10% tariff rate currently in place. And finally, on steel and aluminum, we estimate the cost will be around $50 million for the year. For all of these scenarios, we would expect to see most of the impact in the back half of the year as inventory is liquidated. And from a cash perspective, we assume there would be a bit larger drag due to the timing of inventory consumption and duty drawback recovery, and this impact would be evenly spread over the rest of the year. Going forward, we expect the landscape to continue to evolve and we'll update our assessment accordingly. Now, let me turn it back over to Chris.
Chris Calio: As Neil said, we're closely tracking the changes in the global trade environment. While some of the exemptions we have had in the past will continue to apply, such as the military duty-free exemption for U government and foreign military sale contracts, we are also working to implement and capture additional mitigations. These include regulatory mechanisms such as temporary imports under bond, duty drawbacks, free trade zones, contractual and pricing actions, and implementing operational changes such as leveraging different suppliers and assembly sites. Despite these near-term uncertainties, I want to remind everyone that our company remains exceptionally well positioned in all of our key end markets given the strength of our product portfolio, which is reflected in our backlog. We exited the quarter with a backlog of $217 billion, which was up 8% year-over-year and includes $125 billion of commercial orders and $92 billion of defense awards. On the commercial side, we remain cautiously optimistic that aircraft utilization will remain strong, supporting continued aftermarket demand. But of course, we will closely monitor consumer sentiment as we approach the busy summer travel season. On the OE front, we expect production of new aircraft to remain strong given the backlog levels at our OEM customers. On the defense side, we're encouraged that the continuing resolution passed with funding for key priorities, including next-generation adaptive propulsion, standard missile effectors, LTAMDS radars and our Coyote counter UAS system. There's also growing commitment to increase defense budgets globally. Of note, the European Union has pushed for an additional $850 billion in defense spending over the next four years, focused on munitions and integrated air and missile defense products, which are fully aligned to our core capabilities, such as Patriot, NASAMS, Coyote and F-35. These are all battle-proven and tested systems that our partners and allies rely on each and every day for national security. Additionally, we have strong and long-standing international co-production and co-sustainment agreements with European companies, including MBDA and Kongsberg that position us well to help meet the increased demand across the region. Before I hand it back over to Neil, let me reiterate that we are very pleased with the performance in the first quarter and the progress we are making on our three strategic priorities: executing on our commitments, innovating for future growth, and leveraging our breadth and scale. And while the industry's operating environment is dynamic, our team is experienced and will remain focused on execution and the things in our control. Okay. With that, I'll turn it back over to Neil to take you through the first quarter results. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. I'm on Slide 5. As Chris said, operationally we're off to a strong start to the year. In the first quarter, adjusted sales of $20.3 billion were up 5% and up 8% organically, led by strength in commercial aftermarket. Segment operating profit of $2.5 billion was up 18% as drop through on higher volume, the benefit of cost reduction activities and improved defense mix drove 120 basis points of segment margin expansion with strong performance at all three segments and highlighting the continued momentum on our cost transformation activities across the company. We've now seen four consecutive quarters of year-over-year consolidated segment margin expansion. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.47 was up 10% from the prior year, driven by segment operating profit growth, which was partially offset by an expected higher effective tax rate and a higher share count. On a GAAP basis, EPS from continuing operations was $1.14 and included $0.27 of acquisition accounting adjustments and $0.06 of restructuring and other items. And free cash flow was $792 million in the quarter, which included approximately $200 million for powder metal related compensation. On the capital deployment front, we returned $890 million of capital to shareowners during the quarter, primarily through dividends. And on the sale of the actuation business at Collins, we continue to make good progress on key milestones and are working through the remaining items required to close. With that, let me hand it over to Nathan to take you through the segment results for the first quarter. Nathan?
Nathan Ware: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins on Slide 6. Sales were $7.2 billion in the quarter, up 8% on an adjusted basis and 9% organically, driven by strength in commercial aftermarket and defense. Adjusting for divestitures, by channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 13%, driven by a 15% increase in parts and repair, an 18% increase in mods and upgrades, and a 1% increase in provisioning. Defense sales were up 10%, primarily due to higher volume across multiple programs and platforms, including multiple C4I programs, the Survivable Airborne Operations Center program and F-35. And commercial OE sales were up 2% versus the prior year as higher A220, regional and 787 volume was partially offset by lower 737 MAX volume. Adjusted operating profit of $1.2 billion was up $179 million versus the prior year, driven by drop through on higher commercial aftermarket and defense volume. The resulting margins at Collins expanded 130 basis points in the quarter versus prior year. Turning to Collins' full year outlook. Excluding the potential impact of the tariffs that Neil discussed, we continue to expect sales to grow low-single-digits on an adjusted basis and mid-single-digits organically, with operating profit growth between $500 million and $600 million versus 2024. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 7. Sales of $7.4 billion were up 14% on both an adjusted and organic basis, with sales growth across all three channels. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 28% in the quarter, driven by higher volume and favorable mix across both large commercial engines and Pratt Canada. In military engines, sales were up 4%, driven by increased engine deliveries on the tanker program and higher volume on the F135 Engine Core Upgrade program. Commercial OE sales were up 3% in the quarter, primarily driven by increased deliveries. As a reminder, commercial OE sales were up 64% in Q1 of 2024. Adjusted operating profit of $590 million was up $160 million versus the prior year as increased deliveries in large commercial engines was more than offset by drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket volume and favorable commercial aftermarket mix. Lower R&D expense more than offset higher SG&A expense. All of this resulted in margin expansion of 130 basis points in the quarter versus prior year. Turning to Pratt's full year outlook. Excluding the potential impact of tariffs, we continue to expect sales to grow high-single-digits on an adjusted and organic basis with operating profit growth between $325 million and $400 million versus 2024. Now turning to Raytheon on Slide 8. Sales of $6.3 billion in the quarter were down 5% on an adjusted basis as a result of the cybersecurity divestiture completed at the end of the first quarter of last year. As expected, on an organic basis, sales were up 2%, driven by higher volume on land and air defense systems, including International Patriot and LTAMDS, which was partially offset by lower development program volume within air and space defense systems. Adjusted operating profit of $678 million was up $48 million versus the prior year, driven primarily by favorable mix and $15 million of improved net productivity. This was partially offset by the absence of the cybersecurity business. The resulting margins at Raytheon expanded 120 basis points in the quarter versus the prior year. Bookings in the quarter were $4.4 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.7 And on a rolling 12-month basis, Raytheon's book-to-bill is 1.35. Key awards in the quarter included over $750 million for Netherlands air and missile defense capabilities, about $650 million of classified awards, and about $250 million of Evolved SeaSparrow Missile orders for Japan. Turning to Raytheon's full year outlook. Excluding the potential impact of tariffs, we continue to expect sales to grow low-single-digits on an adjusted basis and mid-single-digits organically, with operating profit growth between $150 million and $225 million versus 2024. With that, I'll hand it back over to Chris for some closing remarks.
Chris Calio: Okay. Thanks, Nathan. I'm on Slide 9. Before we open up to questions, I want to emphasize that RTX is built to perform in any environment. The fundamentals of our business remain intact and our continued focus on execution has delivered a strong start to the year. With industry-leading products on the highest-growth platforms in commercial aerospace and defense and our commitment to innovation over the long-term continues to pay off. With next-generation products such as the GTF Advantage and LTAMDS demonstrating our leadership and future growth opportunities. The long-term structural demand for our products and technologies all remain in place today. Additionally, the need for our defense solutions that provide critical security to the US and our allies has never been stronger. And so, I'm confident that these trends will drive significant growth for us over the coming years. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Peter Arment of Baird. Please go ahead, Peter.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Chris and Neil. Nice results.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Arment: Hey, Chris, thanks for the details on tariffs. It's very helpful. Obviously, things are very dynamic. So, I guess, I'll ask a question on related to kind of the current defense environment. Are we seeing the ReArm Europe effort as a big opportunity for Raytheon or does it change any of the timing of awards that you were looking at? And then, I guess, just overall, do you expect still the Raytheon business to have a book-to-bill above 1 this year? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yeah, thanks, Peter. I would say that the focus of the EU on ramping up prevent -- presents an opportunity for Raytheon clearly. I mean, just think of the countries there, Poland is up close to 5%, the UK has talked about taking spending up, Germany obviously. There was obviously the EU announcement for support for the $850 billion of additional defense spending over the next four to five years. And I think, again, as I said upfront, clear opportunity for Raytheon given its core competency in integrated air and missile defense systems. These are proven battle-tested products, think Patriot GEM-T, NASAMS, Coyote. And we've got a very strong European installed base, got eight Patriot users and we've got strong co-production and co-sustainment relationships, as I said in my remarks. I mean, we've got nine suppliers in Poland alone on Patriot, MBDA partnership on the GEM-T ramp up. So, again, strong demand in the region and strong partnerships overall. I will tell you, overall, on Raytheon's demand signal, that hasn't changed. I think there are some timing issues that will recover in the year, which we expected, but the global demand remains strong. We expect a book-to-bill of 1.0 or more.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Please go ahead, Robert.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Chris and Neil, obviously, a very fluid situation with the whole trade war thing, but in terms of the $850 million you've laid out here, is that a gross or a net number after you've applied these mitigations? And similar to that, your peers earlier this morning said that they were essentially going to pass on cost as a surcharge to customers. What sort of ability do you have there, particularly on the commercial aerospace side of things?
Chris Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Rob. Yeah, the $850 million is inclusive of mitigations, Rob. Those mitigations, regulatory like we talked about, things like duty drawback, contractual, again, that's pricing and other mechanisms and I'll talk about that in a second, and then, operational, where are there things where we can optimize the flow of material and work to again get the best mitigation we can from the tariff regime. On pricing, look, Rob, we've been operating in a highly inflationary environment over the last several years. And so, I think, we've gotten pretty proficient at knowing where and how to pass along higher costs through pricing. Again, situation is fluid. There are a number of variables that are out there. And so, we came into the year with a number of sort of levers we would potentially pull if we saw things change in the marketplace. We're going to let things sort of play out. And then, to the extent that we see some softening or other things, then we're going to go and execute on that playbook. But again, we know how to push pricing. I think you just got to be balanced about it given where we are with our customers.
Robert Stallard: Great. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, Myles.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Hey, Chris, you mentioned that the tariff side didn't assume changes in customer buying behavior or operational disruption. Could you maybe talk about those as elements of watch items, in particular, the China strategy, as it relates to aircraft and aircraft parts, what your assumptions are there in terms of what they may or may not do? And then, also, relative to supply chain disruptions, where are you most focused to ensure that these tariff issues don't create supply chain disruptions? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Myles. Look, I'll take the supply chain piece first. Maybe just think of the first quarter, we saw, again, some steady improvements continuing in our supply base. You heard me talk about structural castings at Pratt up 16% year-over-year, hear me talk about Raytheon's material growth eight straight quarters, Collins bringing down overdue line items. Rocket motors, again, one of our key suppliers saw output up substantially in Q1 year-over-year. So, again, saw some continuing stability and improvement in the supply chain as we exited Q1. And so, obviously, we're going to stay super tight with our supply base, making sure that we're all working together on tariff mitigations and the movement of work and making sure that we don't see those disruptions. I mean, keep in mind, the industry has been used to a duty-free environment. So, all of us have had to come up with different sort of processes and protocols to avail ourselves of these mitigations that we've talked about. And so, again, we want to stay locked tight with our supply base to make sure we know how to do this and we keep parts flowing. We've seen in the past what happens when you kind of are herky-jerky with your supply chain. We saw that in COVID. It takes a while to recover. We want to continue that moving forward. On China, I mean, look, it's obviously an important market for commercial aerospace, both in terms of RPK growth, fleet growth. I would say that Western companies are pretty integral to the growth in China as well. So, I don't want to get out ahead of ourselves here to see how this plays out. I think we've just got to kind of sit back and see where it stands. I mean, I'll just point back to what I said before. The US A&D industry has a large trade surplus. It is a great example of US competitiveness, advanced manufacturing and technology leadership. And then, ultimately, we hope that's recognized. On the supply chain front out of China, again, we've been on a path to develop multiple sources globally for a while now. A lot of that was hastened frankly out of COVID, and so we're going to continue to accelerate those efforts.
Myles Walton: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein of Bank of America. Your question please, Ronald.
Ronald Epstein: Yeah. Hey, good morning, guys.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Ron.
Ronald Epstein: So, yeah, just recently, as you all know, we had the decision on the NGAD manned aircraft. Do you have any idea on NGAP, when that could be? Because I would imagine it's going to be one of the XA engines from either you guys or your competitor. Do you have any color around that?
Chris Calio: Well, I guess, what I would say here, Ron, is we got an award in Q1 for about $550 million to continue to progress on NGAP. And we're actually very pleased with what we're seeing on the testing side. And we're getting some great feedback from that and from the customer. And again, I think Pratt has a demonstrated record of providing leading fighter propulsion technologies at scale, and it's making significant strides on technologies that are going to improve range and stealth. So, again, we're excited that NGAD is moving forward, and that hopefully what we're doing on NGAD will yield some benefit. And again, we're pleased with how that program is moving and the funding that underpins it.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle of Deutsche Bank. Your question please, Scott.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good morning. Chris, have you seen any operational impacts of the SPS fire at either Collins or Pratt? And then, for RTX, is most of that lost fastener capacity being made up by SPS itself on existing contracts, or are we needing to get that demand filled by alternative suppliers? Thank you.
Chris Calio: Yeah. Hey, Scott. Our team separate and apart from tariffs and all the analysis there, was working really hard on understanding the impacts from that fire. We're working closely with not only SPS, but others where we could potentially pick up the slack there. I'll tell you that as we continue to sort of move forward here, work through with some alternate suppliers, work through with SPS, we're feeling more optimistic in our ability to avoid any notable impacts given the fire.
Scott Deuschle: Thank you.
Chris Calio: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Please go ahead, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Chris and Neil.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Sheila.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I wanted to go back to tariffs, and I appreciate you guys have a pretty tough job in the trade surplus that aerospace has. So, Neil, maybe in your comments you mentioned the $850 million. I just want to clarify that the net impact and how do we think about that across the rest of the Q2 to Q4 and across the segments? Is there any timing mismatch where it hits Collins first and Pratt in '26? Any detail you could provide?
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Thanks, Sheila. Yeah, obviously, a lot of estimates involved in kind of assessing the impact here, but just to be clear, the $850 million on the page is an approximation. It is net of mitigations. As Chris talked about, there are a variety of mitigations available to us. And frankly, many of them are new in terms of our application of them because we lived in an environment where most of our goods were coming across the border without a duty. And so, we'll continue to mature our mitigation strategies and, in part, the size of the number reflects the time that it takes to mature that. So, if you just step back though, let me break that down just a tad for you. And again, this assumes the rates that are out there today remain in effect for the rest of the year. Think about that as about a nine-month period. I'd say the Raytheon impact is very minimal. Think about that as like a $0.01 per share kind of a number. The rest of it, the residual impact is split pretty evenly between Collins and Pratt. So, a little over $400 million each. As I think about the timing of that, if this were to play out in effect as it is today, think about that fairly back-half loaded on the earnings side, because some of this will end up in inventory and then turn through the P&L as the inventory is sold. And then, I guess, the other comment I would make, I made a comment that the cash flow impact would be a bit larger, and that's because of the timing lag on getting the duty drawback cash back to us. So, think about that as about 15% to 20% above the rough estimate that we provided today. So, I think though as I really step back, I think there's a lot of variability yet to come here. And so, what we wanted to do today was just provide a framework and break it down by bucket of applicable tariffs and countries, so that as things evolve, it will be easier for you and for us to model that -- those changes. And of course, when that firms up, we'll take that into account and bake it into our outlook.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your line is open, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Just wanted to ask about it, apologies if you addressed this, but in the -- you mentioned, not assuming changes in customer behavior, but, just kind of the latest indications you're getting in order activity and kind of the shorter cycle areas of Collins aftermarket and what kind of -- might be most exposed if we were to see a significant slowdown in air traffic for the rest of the year?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Seth. That's a good question. Let me start and I'll hand it off to Chris if he has anything to add. I would anchor ourselves first and foremost back to the first quarter. It was a good solid first quarter. I know that things have changed as we exited the quarter, but our order activity was strong. Our aftermarket was really strong. And as we looked at the first few weeks here in April, we've seen no major changes in the behaviors of our customers. Now, that's a relatively short period of time, obviously, given the dynamics in the environment. But as we look ahead, I think -- and go around the business, I'll start with the OE side. The demand there remains very strong. Obviously, it's a constrained environment. There's a lot of demand for new aircraft and we expect that to largely continue. If you stick with Pratt and Whitney for a minute and you think about the aftermarket there, clearly tremendous demand for GTF aftermarket. We saw strong output, as Chris alluded to in his opening remarks, in the first quarter and expect us to be on track to continue to deliver growth there throughout the rest of the year. And on, the V2500 side, I talked about 800 shop visit outlook for the full year and we were right in line with about a quarter of that in the first quarter. So -- and I'd say the same on the PW2000s and 4000s, our legacy engines. So, the indicators there are pretty consistent. I think we've got a good bottoms-up view of the customer demand profile and we've factored in some of the things you're hearing about from our customers. On the Collins side, I would say the same applies on the OE outlook. And as you think about the aftermarket, really strong first quarter. The compares get a little bit more difficult, but again, as we looked at April so far, those orders remain intact. Now, there's a reason we have a range on our outlooks. And I think as we sit here today, I think our ranges operationally can absorb some of the impact if there is softening in the later part of the year. We're coming on a really important part of the travel season. And as those aircraft fly, they require parts, they require maintenance and the slots coming into the shops are obviously constrained, and I think our customers are going to want to maintain their position in line.
Chris Calio: Yeah. I think the only thing that I would add, Seth, is building on something Neil said, which is really kind of the process that we go through. We've got people embedded with our airline customers, service reps. Our customer-facing teams do bottoms-up analysis with our customers and have a really, really solid understanding of their assumptions on traffic, on capacity, and of their plans and the levers they're thinking about sort of pulling. And so, as we see how this sort of plays out, we'll take action as necessary as we're watching those buying patterns. We watch them on a daily basis and we react quickly when we see shifts.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky of Citi. Please go ahead, Jason.
Jason Gursky: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Chris Calio: Hey, Jason.
Jason Gursky: Neil, I was wondering if you -- just a clarification one, if you'd be willing to talk about the gross impacts of tariffs. You've talked about the net impact here. And then, Chris, I'm wondering, just to get your initial thoughts and takes -- take on some of the executive orders that have been coming out of the White House. It looks like they want to get engaged in procurement reform and maybe go off and rewrite federal acquisition regulation. Just kind of what should we be looking for from the outside? Is this necessarily a good thing to go see procurement reform and trying to cut down on red tape and speed up acquisition processes? Or are there some things that we should be kind of beyond the watch for that might have unattended negative consequences for the industrial base? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Jason. Let me start by talking about the tariffs a little bit. I mean, I think it's mostly important to look at the net impact. If you were to apply the tariff rates to gross imports or gross movement across borders in the case of tariffs coming from other countries, I think that would skew that number considerably, particularly given some of the mitigations that are available to us. You think about USMCA for goods moving Canada, Mexico and United States, doesn't fully cover us. It's not the same as the commercial aircraft agreement that was in place and is no longer available, but that mitigates things in a significant way. Similarly, on the defense side, the military duty-free option that were available to, that covers a significant amount of the gross impact. It gets a little bit more difficult, because there's a lot more paperwork involved when it requires temporary import under bond or drawbacks. So, I think again, that's why we've laid out a net number here. I think that's the most important thing. And as I said before, we're continuing to operationalize the mitigation efforts. There's a fair amount of work to do to ensure our products meet the qualifications of either USMCA or are able to qualify for temporary import under bond and, of course, drawbacks because we need to track the parts on a serial number basis. So, a lot to do. I expect us to be able to mature that and improve things if this were to last multiple years. Chris?
Chris Calio: Yeah. On your second question, Jason, I would just say, look, we applaud the administration's effort to streamline procurement. The faster we can move to awarding contract, the better. It gets us to line up our labor more quickly, gets us to get our supply chain on contract more quickly, takes risk frankly out of some of the bids. Time is never your friend as you're trying to execute those things. So, again, we see that as net positive all around. I mean, the focus for us, Jason, when we think about the executive orders and frankly just the administration writ large is executing on our backlog. I mean, the feedback that, of course, we're getting is we need more of your product and we need it faster. And so, it's partnering with both the administration and our supply chain, identifying where we see bottlenecks, trying to eliminate those bottlenecks and keep the ramp going. We've seen progress on a number of key programs, think GEM-T, think Coyote here in the first quarter, and we still got a ramp ahead of us across a number of effectors because the demand is really strong.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of TD Cowen. Your question please, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: Yeah, thank you. Good morning, guys.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: Wondering if we could switch to OE. A, I was curious, are you seeing any sort of production rate expectation declines on the A350 or other products? And if you could just update us on supply chain constraints and how those have progressed? I know you made some comments in the opening, but if you could just elaborate 787 and some of the other areas that were long poles in the tent before? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Sure. Look, I know we -- I'll sort of echo what Neil had said earlier, which is the airframers have strong firm backlogs and are focused on continuing to ramp, right? They need to keep material flow going through their shops from the supply chain. So, we don't see any material changes there. And again, we see a ramp ahead and we want to stay out of their way, make sure they have what they need from us as they're moving up that ramp. On supply chain, I named some of the key part families sort of upfront here in terms of where we're seeing progress, rocket motors, structural castings. Again, we see steady improvement across. Again, we've got ramps ahead of us in our plans. We've got to continue to see that improvement. On 787, we've done, I think, a very good job in working and partnering with Boeing on heat exchangers. I feel like that is now up to where it needs to be on 787, and we're going to continue to keep a close eye on that as Boeing continues to ramp.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I mean, Chris and Neil...
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: The focus has been on the negative impact on tariff, but I would imagine that in the discussion that the administration is having with other countries on how to close the US trade deficit, the aerospace defense industry's role as a net exporter, I mean, can't really be ignored. So, I guess first, are you having any discussions about that? And are you seeing incremental demands from international orders from this? And second, $1 trillion US defense budget kind of came under the radar a few weeks ago. And taking this into consideration, I mean, how much flexibility do you have in ramping up capacity?
Chris Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Christine. Look, we've been consistent in our advocacy through a number of channels, legislative with the administration on exactly what you just said. Again, we really believe that the US aerospace and defense industry is really well positioned to meet what the administrative's sort of North Star and trade objectives are and that this industry has just been a shining example of US competitiveness and US manufacturing prowess. And if you just think about all the investments we make here in the US, both in terms of our people, our factories and our technologies, again, those are the things that we continue to emphasize. On the 2026 sort of budget, I guess, we'll see how that ultimately shakes out. Again, focus areas will continue to be integrated air and missile defense, [indiscernible] missile defense, counter UAS, I think all things that are in our core competency. To your point on capacity and rate increases, again, you've heard us talk about our backlog today. We are in an urgent mode in terms of increasing capacity across the board. I gave you the example of Tucson. Previously, we've done it in Huntsville. We've done it in Camden, Arkansas. We're doing it across our footprint for the very reason that you mentioned, which is the demand is strong today and we see that continuing into the future, and we've got to be ready to continue to meet that demand.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Please go ahead, David.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Hey, David.
David Strauss: Just a follow-up, I think, on some questions that have been asked. First of all, V2500, the shop visit assumption there this year, if that's held and how you think V2500 shop visits would hold up in a, let's say, flattish kind of flight hour environment if we go into a recession? That's the first question. And then, second of all, on GTF and powder metal, Chris, you've talked about the ramp that you saw last year and expecting this year on powder metal material and MRO capacity. I guess, how much do we ultimately or do you ultimately need to see powder metal capacity, MRO capacity increase, I guess, beyond what you're thinking about for 2025 to be able to accomplish fixing all the, I think, 3000 engines that need to have parts replaced? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Sure. I'll start with the last part, David, and then, Neil, maybe you want to talk V2500. When we think about the GTF fleet management plan, David, again, pleased with the MRO output. I'll note here that this MRO output was also on heavier work scopes compared to Q4. So, really pleased about that. Continue to see continued improvement in in-shop turnaround time. A lot of that is taking time out of Gates 1 and Gate 3. In terms of capacity, again, I don't think it's an MRO shop issue. We've got the number of shops that we need in network. It's really just optimizing the flow within each one of those. And again, as I said before, that comes down to the Gate 2 material flow. When we see material flowing, we see turn times come down substantially. As I said, we're taking as much as we can out of Gates 1 and 3 as we continue to drive better flow with our supply chain into Gate 2. As we continue to see that improve, we feel really good about the shops we have in our network and their ability to take that material and shrink turn times substantially.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. David, on V2500, rather, 800 shop visits was our estimate coming into the year as you pointed out. We were up 7% in the first quarter of this year, year-over-year, in terms of our inductions, right on track for about a quarter of the full year output. We're also seeing the mix of those shop visits trend towards heavier overhauls given the age of that fleet. If you were to project that out, if I were to project that out in a flatter environment, I think it holds pretty solidly. We saw 11 retirements of V2500-powered aircraft in the first quarter. As you know, over the last several years, those retirements have been relatively low. It's still a relatively young fleet. And frankly, there's a tremendous amount of demand still as you all know in the narrow-body area. And so, I think for a short period of time, even in a lower demand environment, those shop visits would likely stay relatively consistent. Our customers need that lift, and as we continue to get the GTF fleet back up in the air, then I think we would see that start to tail off a little bit, but that's a little bit of a ways out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned of Bernstein. Please go ahead, Doug.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Harned: Chris, over the last couple of years, you've had a really big increase in backlog at Raytheon and a lot of that's been helped by international, particularly Europe. When you look forward, looking at mid-single-digit growth this year at Raytheon, it seems to be that you have an outlook that's well below what one might expect from that backlog growth. Can you comment on the timing in which we should see that backlog flow into revenues? And perhaps, also, how you're thinking about some of the Buy European movement inside Europe and how you're participating kind of on the ground in Europe as well?
Chris Calio: Yeah. Maybe I'll start with the second part first, Doug. As I was saying upfront, we view the increased defense spending in Europe as an opportunity. And we all saw the $850 billion support over the next four to five years to continue to build up European munitions and defense overall. As I said, one of the biggest needs are integrated air and missile defense systems and effectors, which is again right in our core competency: Patriot, GEM-T, NASAMS, LTAMDS, which we just mentioned getting through Milestone C and going into production, another opportunity there. So, again, feel like that's a real opportunity for us, especially on the back of the very strong partnerships that we have in terms of co-production and co-sustainment. We don't go it alone in Europe on some of our key programs. We think that's a competitive advantage. In terms of the timing of the sort of backlog, if you will, Doug, again, some of that is driven by contractual terms and length of those contracts, how those play out, but again, you've got some very long lead material items that sit in many of these programs that take time. Again, I'll go back to the point I made before. The more streamlining we can do, especially on FMS, you saw that with one of the EOs that the government had sort of put out there. Streamlining that process, the faster that we can get supply -- our supply chain on contract, get long lead material flowing and shorten those delivery cycles.
Neil Mitchill: And the only thing I would add to -- yeah, sorry, I'll just add another point or two here. I mean, if you looked within the businesses, land and air defense systems, that's up a strong double-digits, right? Where you'd expect to see the growth, we're seeing it. It's offset by some expected headwinds in lower development programs, and that frankly is lumpy, it's timing. So, I think as you step back and look at the broader Raytheon portfolio, we still feel good about the mid-single-digit sales growth this year. We expected the headwind we saw in the first quarter. We have a couple of points of that headwind in the second quarter frankly, but underlying the bread and butter of the Raytheon portfolio, it remains on track and our execution is on track there and we're seeing capacity increases and that's translating to output. So, I think those are a couple of the dynamics going on within the business.
Doug Harned: Right. Okay. Very good. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Mikus of Melius Research. Please go ahead, Scott.
Scott Mikus: Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Mikus: Chris, Neil, quick question on Pratt. There is a labor negotiation with the vote on a contract in early May. I'm just wondering how you're approaching that and if there's any contingency plans put in place, if there is a strike to still work down the GTF AOGs.
Chris Calio: Yeah. Well, look, I won't get into the specifics of that one, Scott. I'll just say that I think we've had a pretty good track record over the last few years in a highly inflationary market with getting large significant union negotiations to agreement without any interruption. And we're cautiously optimistic that we can do that here as well. We have a longstanding relationship with this labor union. There's a lot of demand in the system. So, obviously, feel like we can get to the right place there and continue to meet the demands of our customer.
Scott Mikus: All right. Thanks for taking the question.
Chris Calio: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Akers of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, Matt.
Matt Akers: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Sorry to go back to tariffs, but I guess one question we're getting this morning is kind of why are you not able to pass-through more of this $850 million, I guess, just either whether it's contract kind of escalation or just aftermarket pricing or kind of drawbacks because a lot of your product ultimately kind of gets exported. So, is that not the right way to think about it, or is there maybe like a timing mismatch that maybe you get this back in the future, or maybe could you possibly do better than this if you are able to recover some of that?
Chris Calio: Well, let me break this in two parts here, Matt. So, in terms of can we do better, so you sort of said upfront, these are relatively new sort of processes and systems that we've put in place to avail ourselves of the mitigations -- the regulatory mitigations and some of the operational mitigations. And so, as we continue to get reps on those, I suspect that we will get those more learned out and there could be opportunities. On pricing, again, I would say that we've had experience over the last few years in how to pass along higher costs through pricing to our customers where reasonable. Again, I think you have to be balanced. You have to balance that against a number of factors, your contract, of course, but what the market will bear, what the market landscape is. We have not been shy about pushing through higher costs through pricing and we'll continue to look for opportunities to do that, but I don't think it's not a panacea for all things tariff.
Matt Akers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Your question please Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Chris Calio: Hey, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Neil, your full year guidance for segment EBIT at Pratt and Collins, I think implies the margins are pretty flat sequentially through the year, maybe even down a little at Collins. Can you talk about that? How much of that is actual pre-tariff fundamental drivers in the business? And how much of that is leaving cushion where you could therefore absorb tariffs if they stick?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Noah. Appreciate the question. And I think if we were sitting in an environment with maybe a little less uncertainty, I'd feel like we were well positioned within our outlook, and that's how we started the year as we talked about 90 days ago. Strong first quarter, really pleased with the margins we saw both at Collins and at Pratt. And I would comment at Pratt that was on lower spare engines and more install engines. So, I think I'm really pleased to see the kinds of margins we're seeing there with the mix of the install versus spare engine mix in the first quarter. And as we look out to the rest of the year, we'll see higher installs at Pratt. That will bring with it a little bit of headwind as it does all the time, but I remain cautiously optimistic. I think at this juncture in the year given the uncertainty we're seeing around the customer base, we're going to sit here and hold that for the rest of the year. We'll look at it again in another 90 days, and if the strength continues, then that'll be great. If not, I think we've got a little room to absorb some softening that might take place as we exit the summer months. So, I'll just leave it at that for now. And of course, 90 days, we'll be back to provide an update.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Gavin Parsons of UBS. Please go ahead, Gavin.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Hey, Gavin.
Gavin Parsons: Just following through on Raytheon margins there, I think the guide for the full year implies about 10.5%, and I think that's with $100 million of productivity. So, given you did 10.7% in the first quarter with $15 million of productivity, I guess, first, is there anything abnormal in that margin? And then, second, longer-term on Raytheon margins, anything that keeps you from achieving that 100 basis points of volume plus 100 basis points of productivity that you had been talking about a couple of years ago at the '23 Investor Day?
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Thanks for the question. Listen, I think we're pleased with the Raytheon margins in the first quarter, too. Obviously, it's not where we think the full potential of the business is. We think it can get back into the 12%-plus range and will. We saw about $15 million year-over-year productivity improvement. We had said we'd see about $100 million on a full-year basis and still hold that expectation. So, again, mix contributed in a significant way in the first quarter. That mix can vary throughout the course of the year, but we're definitely seeing a trend towards more international mix in the Raytheon sales and backlog and we expect that trend to continue. So, again, at this point in the year, just want to make sure we reserve a certain amount of contingency here, but I feel good about how we started the year and I expect us to continue to see that play out. We have big growth in absolute dollars and profit for Raytheon as we move through the rest of the year. That's reliant upon the continued supply chain health. Again, we've seen good movement there, eight consecutive quarters of material growth. So, again, assuming all that holds, we expect that margin to hold as we go through the rest of the year as well. So, thanks for the question.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks.
Operator: With that, I would now like to turn the conference back to Nathan Ware.
Nathan Ware: All right. Thank you, Latif. That concludes today's call. As always, the Investor Relations team and I will be available for follow-up questions. So, thank you all for joining us today and have a good day.
Operator: This now concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the RTX Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Chris Calio, President and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Nathan Ware, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast live on the Internet and there is a presentation available for download from RTX website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net non-recurring and/or significant items often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTX SEC filings, including its Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Calio.
Chris Calio: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release, our fourth quarter adjusted sales, EPS and free cash flow capped off a year of very strong performance for RTX. In 2024, we delivered $80.8 billion in adjusted sales, up 11% organically, driven by 14% growth in commercial OE, 13% growth in commercial aftermarket and 9% organic growth in defense sales. Adjusted EPS was up 13% year-over-year to $5.73. We delivered 90 basis points of consolidated segment margin expansion with contributions from all three business segments, and $4.5 billion in free cash flow. Customer demand for our technologies and solutions remains robust, and we ended the year with a backlog of $218 billion, up 11% year-over-year, including $125 billion of commercial backlog and a record $93 billion of defense backlog. On the defense side, Raytheon's backlog continues its favorable mix shift and is now 44% international, up 8 points year-over-year. We'll walk through the fourth quarter details in a few minutes, but I know everyone is interested in 2025. So let me first share a few comments on that front. A favorable demand environment and the strength of our advanced products across commercial aerospace and defense position us for sustained growth in 2025 and beyond. On the commercial side, passenger air travel remains robust, and IATA estimates that global RPKs will grow approximately 8% this year. Commercial airframer backlogs also remain at record levels. We have significant content on the fastest-growing platforms. On the defense side of the business, there continues to be tremendous need for our products such as Patriot, NASAMS, F135, GEM-T, F-117 and Coyote, all critical equipment being used around the world. We also expect continued strength in international demand for many of these products with key partners and allies in NATO, in the Indo-Pacific, committed to increasing defense spending. And as everyone knows, it's pretty dynamic right now on the macroeconomic front, but RTX is positioned to perform in any environment. Over the last several years, we've continued to qualify new and second sources in our supply chain, and we've made substantial investments in capacity expansion and modernization of our infrastructure in the United States. And we have strong partnerships around the world that support production and deliver services within the markets that we serve. All of these factors support another year of positive momentum for RTX and we expect full year 2025 adjusted sales to be between $83 billion and $84 billion, which translates to organic growth of between 4% and 6% year-over-year. For segment profit, we expect 10% to 13% growth resulting in continued segment margin expansion, with all three businesses again contributing to the year-over-year growth. From an EPS perspective, we expect adjusted EPS of between $6.00 and $6.15, up 5% to 7% year-over-year. And for free cash flow, we expect between $7 billion and $7.5 billion for the year. This growth supports capital returns to our shareowners with over $33 billion returned already since the merger, including $3.7 billion in 2024. Today, we have a clear line of sight to deliver towards the high end of our $36 billion to $37 billion capital return commitment by the end of this year. We are committed to continuing our strong capital deployment strategy as we move forward. Our performance will continue to be underpinned by the strategic priorities we've been discussing the last few quarters, executing on our commitments, innovating for future growth and leveraging our breadth and scale. Let's move to Slide 4, and I'll provide an update on each of these priorities. First, executing on our commitments. On the GTF fleet management plan, our outlook remains consistent with our prior comments. As we've discussed, we expect to gradually reduce PW1100 AOGs throughout this year, driven by continued improvement in engine throughput at our MRO facilities. Last year, MRO output was up 30% with a significant increase in forging production, and this year we expect MRO output to grow above 30%. More broadly, we continue to leverage our core operating system, Industry 4.0 improvements and focused capacity enhancements to drive productivity across the company. Last year, enabled by core, we continue to improve productivity across the company, growing sales 11% organically with less than a 2% increase in headcount across RTX. And this year, we expect to complete a record number of core projects to drive operational performance and continued segment margin expansion, with an emphasis on improving on-time delivery, reducing inventory and reducing the cost of scrap, rework and repair. Additionally, we completed our goal of connecting 40 of our top factories to our proprietary data analytics platform. We continue to harness this value to drive company-wide productivity improvements through equipment efficiency, better quality and enhanced product flow visibility. For example, last year, we saw a 50% improvement in on-time delivery for Raytheon circuit card assembly production line. We also saw a 50% increase in equipment utilization in pilot cells at Pratt's module center for the F135. This year, we plan to double the number of product families leveraging this digital infrastructure, which will allow us to expand our use of data and AI in our aftermarket operations and product development. Next, let's talk innovating for future growth. In 2024, we spent over $7.5 billion in company and customer-funded research and development to advance technologies that address the immediate and emerging needs of our customers. Through our ability to rapidly bring new technology to production and meet rigorous customer requirements, we are uniquely positioned to deliver capabilities at scale. For example, Raytheon's upgraded Coyote effector recently demonstrated enhanced capabilities against complex drone targets. Designed, produced and fielded in less than 18 months, these enhancements showcase our ability to rapidly integrate software and hardware technology into products. And as you may have seen, the Army highlighted the effectiveness of this upgrade with over 170 threats intercepted in recent conflicts. We're leveraging the same rapid development cycle across the company, including on multiple classified programs to meet our customers' urgent need to field improved capabilities. And we continue to make good progress on the GTF Advantage at Pratt with the completion of all engine testing requirements, including a test schedule with more than double the endurance testing of the original program. We're pleased with the results and are on track for engine certification in the first half of this year with deliveries to follow in the second half. This type of innovation will continue in 2025 as we plan to spend over $7.5 billion again on company and customer-funded R&D to both field new products and develop advanced capabilities that are critical for the next generation of commercial and defense platforms such as fuel efficiency, resilient networks, directed energy, autonomy, AI and advanced materials. We're also innovating how we do our work as we continue to implement AI applications across RTX. Last year, we saw benefits in areas including product testing, first article inspections and RFP responses. For example, using Generative AI, Collins' avionics business has seen software testing cycle times improve by 3x, while maintaining our same quality standards. We have a plan this year to deploy another 40 use cases. Through our continued initiatives to leverage machine learning and generative technologies, we expect to improve operational speed, cycle times and capital utilization, while decreasing our dependency on external labor. And lastly, leveraging the breadth and scale of RTX. As part of our broader infrastructure plan to maximize utilization of RTX facilities, Collins is building out 125,000 square feet of production space in Raytheon's Richardson, Texas facility to support new wins, including the multibillion-dollar award last year for the Survivable Airborne Operations Center program. Through leveraging an existing RTX facility, we've been able to reduce the investment for this capacity expansion by 50%. And as we continue to evaluate our footprint, we've launched a significant number of projects across the company to lean out our manufacturing floor space and increase utilization, all with the goal of reducing our fixed costs and creating additional capacity. Bringing this all together, we feel very good about the momentum we've created heading into 2025 and where our business is positioned. With that, I'll turn it over to Neil and Nathan to take you through more details on the fourth quarter and our 2025 outlook. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. I'm on Slide 5. As Chris said, we had strong financial performance to finish the year. In the fourth quarter, adjusted sales of $21.6 billion were up 9% and up 11% organically, ahead of our prior expectations, primarily driven by commercial OE at Pratt. By sales channel, growth was led by commercial aftermarket, which was up 15%, and Defense, which was up 10% organically. Commercial OE sales grew 10% as higher deliveries at Pratt more than offset the lower narrow-body volume we expected at Collins. Segment operating profit of $2.7 billion was up 29%, with segment operating margin expansion of 180 basis points versus the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.54 was up 19% from the prior year, driven by segment operating profit growth, which was partially offset by expected higher taxes and lower pension income. On a GAAP basis, EPS from continuing operations was $1.10 and included $0.30 of acquisition accounting adjustments, $0.05 of restructuring and $0.09 of other nonrecurring items. Free cash flow for the quarter was $492 million, bringing the full year total to $4.5 billion, which included approximately $1.1 billion of powder metal compensation and slightly higher year-end disbursements, including capital expenditures. In total, the full year included approximately $2.6 billion of impacts from powder metal, legal matters and the Raytheon contract matter that we've previously discussed. Also in the fourth quarter, we completed the sale of the Collins Hoist & Winch business as we continue to prioritize investments in our core. Lastly, we returned $852 million of capital to shareowners, primarily through dividends. And we paid down $800 million of debt in the quarter, bringing our total debt paydown for 2024 to $2.5 billion. With that, I'll hand it over to Nathan to take you through the segment results, and then I'll come back and share some additional details on our 2025 outlook.
Nathan Ware: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins on Slide 6. Sales were $7.5 billion in the quarter, up 8% on both an adjusted and organic basis, driven by strength in defense and commercial aftermarket. By channel, defense sales were up 13%, primarily due to higher volume across multiple programs and platforms. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 12%, driven by a 21% increase in provisioning, an 18% increase in mods and upgrades and a 9% increase in parts and repair. And as expected, commercial OE sales for the quarter were down 6% versus the prior year, driven primarily by lower narrow-body volume on the 737 MAX. Adjusted operating profit of $1.2 billion was up $172 million versus the prior year. Drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket and defense volume was partially offset by lower commercial OE volume and unfavorable commercial OE mix. For the full year, Collins generated $28.3 billion of adjusted sales and $4.5 billion of adjusted operating profit, resulting in 100 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 7. Sales of $7.6 billion were up 18% on both an adjusted and organic basis, with sales growth across all three channels. Commercial OE sales were up 31% in the quarter, primarily driven by increased deliveries and favorable mix in Large Commercial Engines. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 17% in the quarter, driven by higher volume in Large Commercial Engines, primarily GTF and Pratt Canada. In Military Engines, sales were up 8%, driven by higher volume across F135 production, the F135 engine core upgrade program and F135 sustainment. This was partially offset by lower sustainment volume across other legacy platforms, primarily the F-100 and F-117. Adjusted operating profit of $717 million was up $312 million versus the prior year, driven by favorable OE volume and mix in Large Commercial Engines, favorable mix in Pratt Canada aftermarket and drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket and military volume. Pratt also benefited from an approximately $70 million insurance recovery in the quarter. Also in the quarter, Pratt booked $8.9 billion of awards, including $1.4 billion for F135 sustainment. For the full year, Pratt & Whitney generated $28.1 billion of adjusted sales and $2.3 billion of adjusted operating profit, resulting in 100 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. In addition, GTF engine shipments in 2024 were up 14% on a year-over-year basis. Now turning to Raytheon on Slide 8. Sales of $7.2 billion in the quarter were up 4% on an adjusted basis and 10% organically. The sales growth was driven by higher volume on land and air defense systems, including Global Patriot, NASAMS and counter-UAS programs as well as 5 points from higher volume associated with the restart of contracts with a Middle East customer. This growth was partially offset by the impact from a cybersecurity divestiture and lower volume on air and space defense systems. Adjusted operating profit of $728 million was up $110 million versus the prior year, driven primarily by drop-through on higher volume, improved net productivity and favorable mix, partially offset by the impact from the cybersecurity divestiture. Year-over-year, net productivity improved by approximately $50 million in the quarter. Bookings in the quarter were $9.5 billion, resulting in a backlog of $63 billion and a full year book-to-bill of $1.48 billion. Key awards included $848 million to supply Romania with additional Patriot systems, highlighting the continued demand for air and missile defense solutions. Raytheon also booked $1.9 billion of classified awards, $763 million for Stinger Air Defense Missiles and $591 million for the Next-Generation Jammer airborne electronic warfare system. For the full year, Raytheon generated $26.8 billion of adjusted sales and $2.7 billion of adjusted operating profit, resulting in 100 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. Net productivity at the business was up approximately [$116] (ph) million on a year-over-year basis in 2024. With that, I'll turn it back over to Neil to provide some more color on our 2025 outlook.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Nathan. Turning to Slide 9. Let me talk through the drivers of our 2025 outlook that Chris highlighted. Starting with sales, supported by the demand environment we've discussed, we expect total RTX sales to be between $83 billion and $84 billion for the year. Within this outlook, we've assumed that Collins actuation divestiture is completed by the end of the second quarter. Therefore, on an organic basis, this translates to between 4% and 6% top line growth. Looking at it by channel at the RTX level and adjusting for divestitures, we expect approximately 10% commercial aftermarket growth. On the commercial OE side, sales are expected to be up mid-single-digits year-over-year as we align with our customers on delivery requirements, which we see ramping throughout the year. And defense sales are also expected to grow mid-single-digits across the company. With respect to EPS, let me take you through the year-over-year walk. Starting at the segment level, at the midpoint of our outlook range, operating profit growth of 12% is expected to drive approximately $0.66 of EPS growth. Included in this segment growth is a headwind of roughly $0.07 associated with the divestitures we completed last year and the expected actuation divestiture this year. And due to the progress we've made on paying down debt from the accelerated share repurchases completed in 2024, we expect a tailwind from lower interest of about $0.05. Partially offsetting these items is approximately $0.15 from lower FAS/CAS and nonservice pension income, driven primarily by the actions we've taken to improve the funded status of our plans, as well as $0.06 from a higher share count. And finally, we also expect a $0.16 headwind from other items, which is primarily comprised of $0.06 of higher corporate expenses as we invest in our digital systems and capabilities and $0.05 of higher taxes. All of this brings us to our adjusted EPS outlook range of $6 to $6.15 per share. Moving to our cash walk. The first piece of our year-over-year growth comes from segment operating profit and working capital. Combined, this will drive an operational improvement of approximately $2.3 billion. Specific to working capital, we expect a year-over-year improvement of approximately $1.3 billion, with the majority coming from inventory and contract assets as we deliver commercial OE product, achieve defense delivery milestones and improve our supplier inputs and material throughput. This also includes CapEx where we expect to invest between $2.5 billion and $2.7 billion during the year as we continue to expand capacity and accelerate automation efforts to support our long-term organic growth. Next, the onetime legal and contract matters that we paid last year will not repeat in 2025, resulting in a tailwind of approximately $1.5 billion. We also see a headwind of approximately $900 million, primarily driven by the absence of an R&D tax-related benefit in the prior year and higher cash taxes in 2025. Finally, we expect powder metal compensation impacts to be between $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion, which is up around $100 million year-over-year at the midpoint. All in, we expect free cash flow to be between $7 billion to $7.5 billion in 2025. With that, let's turn to Slide 10, and I'll provide some details for the segment outlooks. Starting with Collins. We expect full year sales to be up low single-digits on an adjusted basis and up mid-single-digits organically. As I already noted, this outlook assumes the completion of the sale of the actuation business around midyear. Adjusting for this divestiture, we anticipate commercial aftermarket to be up high single-digits to low double digits driven by growth in passenger air travel and mods and upgrades volume. Commercial OE sales are expected to be up mid-single-digits as increased volume on multiple platforms is partially offset by impacts from the expected timing of our customers' production ramps. And defense is expected to be up low single-digits on top of the 9% growth we saw in 2024. With respect to Collins' adjusted operating profit, we expect it to grow between $500 million and $600 million versus the prior year, driven by drop-through on higher volume across all three channels as well as higher pricing and continued progress on cost reduction efforts across the business. Finally, this includes an approximately $80 million headwind associated with the actuation divestiture. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney. We expect full year sales to be up high single-digits on both an adjusted and organic basis. By channel, we expect commercial aftermarket to be up low double-digits due to higher volume across Large Commercial Engines and Pratt Canada. Commercial OE is expected to be up mid-single-digits with another year similar large commercial engine unit delivery growth, partially offset by mixed headwinds. And military sales are expected to be up mid-single-digits, driven by sustainment activity across the F135 and F-100 platforms and the F135 Engine Core Upgrade program. For Pratt's adjusted operating profit, we expect growth of between $325 million and $400 million versus the prior year, driven primarily by drop-through on commercial aftermarket and military growth. This will be partially offset by increased commercial OE deliveries and mix within that channel. And at Raytheon, we expect sales to grow mid-single-digits organically as double-digit growth in land and air defense systems is partially offset by lower development volume. Raytheon's adjusted operating profit is expected to be up between $150 million and $225 million versus the prior year, driven by drop-through on higher volume, favorable contract mix and improved net productivity. Also keep in mind, there is an approximately $35 million headwind associated with the sale of the cybersecurity business in the first quarter of last year. In addition, we've included an outlook for some of the below-the-line items in the appendix of our webcast. All in, 2025 is expected to be another strong year of performance for RTX. A lot has changed since we issued the original 2025 target several years ago. And while there have been some updates, the fundamental value drivers of the company and cash generation potential have not changed. Okay. With that, I'll turn it back over to Chris.
Chris Calio: Okay. Thanks, Neil. I'm on Slide 11. As I said upfront, I'm pleased with how we ended 2024 and the momentum we have heading into 2025. The growth we've achieved over the last few years has been remarkable, and we continue to make the right investments to advance our market-leading technologies and capabilities well into the future. Looking ahead, we are a focused, technology-driven aerospace and defense company that is aligned with strong macroeconomic growth drivers and well positioned on the right industry growth platforms. Combined with technology synergies across our products and a strong balance sheet that enables us to innovate at scale, I'm confident we can drive sustainable growth in sales, margin and cash flow generation, resulting in significant long-term returns to shareowners. Okay. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research. Your question please, Miles.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe, Chris, on powder metal and the GTF, there wasn't a lot of discussion. So I'm taking that as good news that you're still on track, still on plan. And maybe just to put a point to it, it looks like your cash expectation for spend in '25 is the same. Are we still on track for the $800 million to $1 billion step-down in 2026?
Chris Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Myles. Let me go through the main components here. As I said upfront, the outlook remains consistent and the underlying technical and inspection assumptions all remain intact. So good news. AOGs have been stable. And now look, I said this before, MRO output is the key enabler. We saw some very good progress last year. PW1100 output was up 30% last year. So very good progress in terms of material flow and in-shop performance. But we need to continue to ramp output to bend the curve here as we work our way through 2025. And we talked about a plan here of above 30% growth in 2025, and that's going to be critical. Now, the supply chain is going to be instrumental in helping us get there. And we've continued to see improvement there. Structural castings were up 12% year-over-year. Isothermal forgings output was up significantly. And of course, that's important as we incorporate full life powder metal parts into MRO. As you know, it's already going into new engine deliveries. So again, there are a lot of puts and takes, as you might imagine, as we're going through this process. And our 100% focus, again, is on bending the AOG curve, to make sure that we get the assets back into our customers' hands as quickly as possible.
Neil Mitchill: And, Myles, on the cash side, I think if you think back over the last couple of years, we started out with a placeholder of $0.5 billion, we were able to defer that. Last year, in '24, we ended at about $1.1 billion, so a little ahead of where we had estimated. And as you can see from today's comments, we see between $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion for '25. We're going to continue to work with our customers to manage the timing of those cash flows. Right now, I'd say we have the residual amount parked in 2026. Could that go out a little bit further? Perhaps. We want to make sure we manage the cash carefully on this program. We're happy with where we are with the customer agreements that we have in place right now, with the vast majority of the AOGs are under a customer support agreement already. So, we feel good about the profile that we've laid out so far.
Myles Walton: All right. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird. Your line is open, Peter.
Peter Arment: Good morning, Chris, Neil, Nathan, nice results.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Hey, Chris. Chris. On the -- so new administration, new spending priorities, how are you thinking with how Raytheon is aligned in terms of any replenishing stockpiles and how you see kind of that playing out for you? You got a huge international mix. I think you mentioned 44%, and just how you see kind of the uplift that's coming from the international side along with opportunities you're seeing on the replenishment side with the new administration. Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Peter. Good question. Well, and you sort of led with it up front, right, the demand for our products continues to be really strong, right? Raytheon, a $63 billion backlog. 1.48 book-to-bill. As I said in my comments upfront, you've got 30-plus systems in operation in conflicts today defending the US and our allies very, very effectively. In the US, it's about replenishment, as you referenced. As you move across the world, Europe, this is about integrated air and missile defense, continuing to replenish effectors, GEM-T, AMRAM and the like. And as you move to Asia-Pac, it's more on naval munitions, the standard family, SM-3, SM-6, continuing to ramp up there. So overall, again, we continue to see international demand to be very strong. The NATO countries are continuing either to commit or actually spend above the 2% target, you think of what you're seeing in Poland, it's coming up on almost 5%. Again, international demand continues to be strong. We've seen that in our backlog, and that will be a tailwind for us.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Bank of America. Please go ahead, Ron.
Ron Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Ron Epstein: Yesterday, the Air Force bumped up their contract for NGAP to about $3.5 billion, a big number. Where do you guys stand on the program? Where are we? How do we think about it? Kind of what's going on with that next-generation engine?
Chris Calio: Yeah, I'll take that one, Ron, it's Chris. So, look, regardless of where NGAD is and the timing, and there's been a lot in the public out there, we've continued to develop our NGAP solution. We've gone through rigorous testing over the last few years. We've been really pleased with the results there. I can't get into too many of the details, as you might imagine. But this is something where we've had a lot of resources on it and have been very pleased with the testing that we have seen. And this funding will help us continue in that area, continuing to drive down any risks on the key requirements that are there. So very pleased with that award. Again, we think we're going to have a very competitive offering.
Ron Epstein: And how much of a tailwind is that for Pratt this year? Or I mean, how do we think about that just kind of on the financial side?
Neil Mitchill: Well, I'd say between the engine core upgrade on the F135 program and this work that we're doing, we've got Pratt in at mid-single-digit growth for the military side of their business. Clearly, a tailwind here, Ron. I see this continuing to grow. As you know, more broadly speaking, a lot of the older aircraft continue to fly. The aftermarket remains strong. So I'd say, by and large, this is a tailwind for Pratt, and happy to see this funding being put in place over the next number of years to continue this development.
Ron Epstein: Great. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open, Scott.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Deuschle: Neil, are there any components of the free cash flow outlook in 2025 that you would call out as potentially normalizing or reversing in 2026 apart from, of course, the powder metal costs? And I'm mainly just trying to get a sense of whether this broader working capital improvement to remain a persistent tailwind beyond 2025. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Appreciate the question. I know there's been a lot of focus on our cash flow, and we're focused on that entirely here within the company as well. And so as we look at the outlook that we just put out for '25, think about $7.2 billion at the midpoint and about $1.2 billion of powder metal. So, you just do the math there, operationally, about $8.4 billion. Now there's a $1.3 billion working capital tailwind baked into that year-over-year improvement. But as you can see from the level of inventory we have and the level of contract assets, we think we've got additional runway to continue to improve working capital turns as we move beyond 2025. So, we have a lot of work to do here in 2025 already, but we're very confident. We've been focused on this for a couple of years. Didn't get there last year, but I think we're well stocked to support the ramps of our customers in that regard. The only other nonrecurring item, if you will, that I think about in '25, we've got a couple of hundred million dollars set aside for an international tax payment that we'll be making here in the first quarter following a court finding that came out early this year. And there's always a couple of puts and takes. But by and large, I'd say that $8.5 billion range is fairly strong operational baseline.
Scott Deuschle: Great. And, Chris, just to clarify, has Boeing restarted issuing purchase orders for 737 MAX avionics equipment yet?
Chris Calio: Yeah, Scott. We're back with Boeing working the ramp, as you might imagine. Frankly, we were working at even throughout the strike making sure that we were ready to go when they ramp back up, continue to engage closely with them on that.
Scott Deuschle: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stallard of Vertical Research. Your question please, Rob.
Rob Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Rob.
Rob Stallard: It's probably a question for Neil. On the 2025 aerospace OEM guidance, it looks pretty conservative compared to what Airbus and Boeing are currently saying. So, wondering if you built some contingency into your forecast or if there's anything going on with inventory, for example, that's impacting that guidance? Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Yeah. Let me make a couple of comments, Rob. Let me start with the Collins side. Understand the question with production rates anticipated to be going up considerably, there's obviously a little bit of inventory in the channel here, and we've taken a prudent approach, I think, at this time of the year to contemplate that in the Collins outlook. It's not across the board. I think it's targeted to specific systems within the narrow-body value stream. But as we look through the year, we expect the ramp to continue to go up, and as you can tell from the inventory levels that we have at Collins, feel well positioned to meet a rising rate ramp should we see a faster growth as the year unfolds. On the Pratt side, maybe just a couple of comments for additional color there as well. Large Commercial Engines, we were up 14% in unit deliveries last year. I expect a similar level of unit growth as we look to 2025. And then as you look at Pratt Canada, they were relatively flat, up about 1% on their units, but we expect that to tick up as well in '25, probably similar to what we're seeing on the Large Commercial Engines side in terms of units. Offsetting that, of course, is a little bit of mix headwind, but we're pretty happy with the performance that Pratt generated at the end of the year. Good pricing on their engines. And we see that continuing as we get into '25. Now, a little bit early to kind of get ahead of ourselves here, but if there's upside, we're prepared to, and capacitized, to meet that growing ramp.
Operator: Our next question [Technical Difficulty] of Jefferies. Your question please, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys, and thank you.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Maybe just still picking up on commercial aero on Pratt. 2024, if we look at the OE growth, it was about 21%. GTF deliveries were up 14%. So, is that seven-point delta all price on spares on GTF? How do we think about that in '25? And on Pratt EBIT growth of $350 million at the midpoint, or $370 million, does that all drop through to the free cash flow bridge too, Neil? Is there -- how do we think about negative engine margin factoring in more investment in GTFA and just aftermarket incrementals?
Neil Mitchill: Yeah. So, let me start with the OE top line and then I'll move to the -- how that's dropping through in our walk for '25.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Sure.
Neil Mitchill: We had a good mix of engines delivered last year at Pratt. And so as I look at this year, I think we'll see a modest tilt towards more installs, but we're still going to see a very robust level of demand for spare engines. As you know, the fleet is in need of that support, and there's plenty of demand out there, and we're getting good pricing on those. So I expect that to continue. In light of that mix shift, as we think about the '25 walk, the majority of Pratt's profit growth will come from aftermarket. We're going to see really good drop-through on the aftermarket, probably to the tune of $500 million or so. You'll see your expected level of drop-through on the military side of the growth in the business. And offsetting that, of course, is going to be some negative engine margin headwind. I'd put that in the range of $150 million to $200 million kind of range as we see the volumes continue to tick up. But as I've said for a long time now, getting these engines out in the field is healthy for the fleet, and it just gets us started faster on getting to the aftermarket phase. And as you think about the aftermarket phase of the GTF today, sitting in a really good position. It's growing at a robust rate, it is profitable, and we've been profitable for several years. And I think there's continued runway not just on the margin side, but as you know, given the nature of these agreements, those will -- those future shop visits are going to come with cash payments. And so that will create additional tailwind for Pratt & Whitney and for RTX as we look out over the next few years.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your question please, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much and good morning, everyone.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Maybe a question and maybe a tag on a quick clarification at the end. On the question, the age of the fleet is obviously supporting growth in the aftermarket at Collins. When you think about growth from here, how do you think about production and deliveries back about five or six years ago as we headed into the COVID period, the number of planes that are coming off warranty and how that's going to affect aftermarket growth at Collins? And then just quickly, if you could talk about the number of large engine deliveries you expect at Pratt this year.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Seth. Let me start maybe on just the installed base kind of comment. We've been talking a bit about we were at, obviously, lows of deliveries back in the 2020, 2021 time period, with each year thereafter growing. And as Collins delivers new products, they are under warranty for a period of time. So you can expect that each year that rolls off a warranty is larger than the year that preceded it, at least for the last several years. So I expect that to continue to provide some tailwind on to the Pratt installed base. Think about it, they've got $160 billion installed base out there. And so it's going to begin generating even greater volumes of aftermarket going forward. So that's how I think about the aftermarket there. And just to follow up, Pratt is similarly situated. There were about 800 V2500 shop visits in 2024. We see about the same exact number as we look at '25. So continued robust demand. Retirements are very low. And we expect that to continue as well for the next several years at least. And in addition, we're getting good content on those shop visits because 20% of those engines haven't seen their first shop visit yet and only 55% have seen one. So we've got plenty of tailwind in the installed base of both of those businesses looking over the next five years.
Seth Seifman: Great. And then on the deliveries?
Neil Mitchill: Yeah. So, yeah, just to clarify here, we had about 14% growth in the units delivered of Large Commercial Engines in '24. We expect about the same growth in '25.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thank you very much.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky of Citi Research. Your question please, Jason.
Jason Gursky: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Chris Calio: Hey, Jason.
Jason Gursky: Chris, I was wondering if you could spend a few minutes talking about your top three or four priorities for the year. I suspect some of that will be productivity. So I'm just kind of curious to get an update on productivity across the company, maybe where you are relative to where we were pre-pandemic and what it's going to take to get us back to the productivity that you saw then. And then Iron Dome, what does that mean? What kind of opportunity is there for you all if we do really put up an Iron Dome here in the United States? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. So, on the priority front, as you might imagine, with a $218 billion backlog, our number one priority is executing on that backlog and executing on our commitments. And I'll tag on, of course, the GTF recovery plan there and making sure that we continue to ramp MRO. The demand out there continues to be robust, both defense and commercial. Our customers need our products. And so we've got to just continue to ramp. And on the Pratt and Collins side, we've got to continue to have a healthy supply chain to make that happen. We have a number of people embedded in our supply chain for that reason. At Raytheon, we've seen it's now the seventh quarter in a row of material receipt growth, so happy about that. We need to continue to ramp on rocket motors. I'd say, on some programs, Jason, we're in a healthier position. On others, we're falling behind. But again, this is all about executing on the backlog. Now, a key piece of that, of course, is kind of your second question, which is on productivity. You heard what I said upfront, 11% sales growth, 2% headcount growth. These are the kinds of initiatives that we need to continue to drive in order to deliver the backlog at the margins that we've committed to. Again, a big part of that will be our core operating system, continuing to increase the number of engagements. And those are things you just see across the business, leaning out our factories, leaning out our processes, just becoming more efficient, all around driving waste out of the system. And we're also making investments, Jason, in automation, in AI, things that will continue to drive productivity without the need to add headcount, again, doing things faster and cheaper along the way. And then your third question on Iron Dome. Well, look, as you know, we're a major partner in Israel's Iron Dome today. I suspect, in the US, you're going to probably need to evolve that to address different types of potential threats, perhaps longer-range strikes, protection of infrastructure. But again, layered integrated air and missile defense systems are core to us. It's the bedrock of Raytheon, and they are among the best at it. And so we're ready to engage on this as it takes shape over the study period. We view this as a significant opportunity for us, something right in our wheelhouse.
Jason Gursky: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of TD Cowen. Please go ahead, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if you could just broadly comment on the supply chain. Where you're still seeing constraints? In the past, you've talked about heat exchangers and seats and the like. It sounds like at Pratt, the output is getting a lot better. But if you could just talk broadly where the pinch points are and kind of how those have progressed maybe over the last 90 days.
Chris Calio: Yeah. A lot of them, the pinch points and the areas of focus are just as I was going through previously. Again, structural castings for us, 12% year-over-year growth at Pratt, need that to continue to ramp. Need to continue to ramp in isothermal forging production. We own a lot of that value stream, but there's other pieces of it that we don't. We need to continue to see that ramp up. Collins, it's been microelectronics, generally speaking. We've seen those lead times come back into line. So, feel good about that. At Collins, there's really like 33 suppliers that drive about 50% of the overdue line items. And so laser-focused on those 33 with people embedded there to drive that. And then again, at Raytheon, the big piece, of course, rocket motors, as I just mentioned. We're seeing progress on some programs, need to ramp on others. So as your question suggests, the supply chain is going to be critical to executing on the backlog that I just mentioned. And so it's a critical focus area for us. You mentioned seating and heat exchangers. I'll just say on the interiors business, sort of writ large at Collins, so double-digit sales growth last year. So, feel good about the trajectory as that business continues to recover. Seating specifically, we continue to work through the certification there. These are complex, especially on the first class and business seats, and the certification requirements are relatively high. They've got a high bar there. But we think we have our arms around those and what we need to do there to get those certified, to the airframers and then out to our customers. And then on heat exchangers, I would tell you that we continue to make progress on the production ramp and the recovery. Doubled production output last year and remain on track to recover to the needs of our customers here in 2025. So, feel good about the progress there.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Akers of Wells Fargo. Your line is open, Matt.
Matt Akers: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. Can you touch on pension? It looks like FAS/CAS a little bit of a headwind in '25. Is the thought that that will still sort of lead lower in the out years? And if so, what's kind of the headwind we should think about for FAS and CAS?
Neil Mitchill: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Yeah, we definitely see a headwind here, $0.15 as we outlined in our outlook. Our plans remain really well funded. In fact, we ended the year with a funded status of 104%. And so as a result, over the last number of years now, we've employed a de-risking path, which essentially is enabling us to design a plan to protect that funded status. And so as a result of that, we will expect to see the income come down a little bit, and it has. But by and large, the plans that we put in place for the pension remain really, really strong. We continue to see income and expect to have significant income beyond, but it will trail off a little bit each year after 2025. So obviously, there's a lot of assumptions that go into the pension. But by and large, we're in a really good position as we exited '24, and expect that to continue.
Matt Akers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead, Ken.
Ken Herbert: Yeah. Hi, good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Herbert: Hey, Chris or Neil, you called out provisioning in particular as a real source of strength for the aftermarket at Collins in the fourth quarter. As you think about the, call it, 10% growth in '25, can you provide -- for Collins in particular, can you provide any disaggregation of provisioning versus repair the parts of the business? And I guess as part of that, is there any incremental risk you're seeing around destocking at airlines as they think about spare parts across the Collins portfolio? Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome, Ken. Let me start with the last part. We haven't really seen any significant destocking. Obviously, the aftermarket growth for the last several years has been tremendous. And I think we're expecting at the RTX level about 10% growth again here in 2025. If you think about the Collins side of the business in particular, and break it down a little bit, we still see parts and repair up in the high single-digits, maybe a little bit better. We're getting really good -- obviously, installed base is growing. I just talked about that, plus we're getting good pricing. On the provisioning, probably a little bit more in line with the OE growth, mid-single-digits, which tends to track sort of the install -- or not the install, the delivery of new aircraft. What's going to be a bright spot for Collins this year is mods and upgrades. That will be over 10% coming off a year that was flat. Obviously, that depends on the kinds of upgrades that are required, often regulatorily driven. But that's another area that's expected to be strong for Collins as we go through 2025. So, feel really good about where we are. And obviously, going back to that installed base of $160 billion, and over at Pratt, it's also very significant, so a lot of tailwind in the aftermarket going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Your question please, David.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Hey, David.
David Strauss: Two-part question. Neil, first on GTF aftermarket, you gave some rough color there. Could you just be a little bit more precise where exactly you're booking GTF aftermarket today, I guess, in 2024 and expectation for '25? I think previously back at the Investor Day in '23, you talked about getting to mid-teens aftermarket margins on GTF. That's my first question. And then second question, on Collins, I think you had previously talked about this being a 40-plus-percent incremental margin business, getting close to 20% margins in 2025. We're obviously not going to get there. So what's the right level of incremental margins to think about on Collins going forward? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: All right. Thanks, Dave, for the question. Let me start with the aftermarket. Let me give you a little bit of background here. Obviously, the aftermarket is growing substantially as we do a lot of accelerated shop visits as it relates to the powder metal matter. And the margins are not quite at the mid-teens level, but I will tell you that they're near double-digits. And if you average the last couple of years, they're over double-digits. So, we've been doing a good job of getting margin in the aftermarket. And we've talked about some of the EIS contracts that we have here, and as those continue to age out and burn down and get replaced with newer contracts with the airline customers, we're getting good pricing, because the engine is performing really, really well. And so in addition to that, we're putting a lot of new material and enhancements into the engine to improve its durability. And as Chris alluded to in our prepared remarks, the GTFA coming online at the end of this year, which Chris will probably comment on in a minute. So, all of the right ingredients there for continued growth, certainly on the top line, continued expansion of margins as we move forward. And really pleased to see that for the last several years, this has been a profitable part of the Pratt & Whitney business. And as the V2500 continues to be fairly steady for the next several years, the GTF is going to be tailwind to Pratt as we get into the later part of the decade. So, really good there. As far as Collins and the incrementals, if you look at the outlook we put out today, you're going to see about a 40% incremental margin. I'm not going to get ahead of ourselves today, but I'd say longer term, we see nothing that says that the Collins business can't return to its pre-COVID margins. They've done an incredible amount of work to drive cost out of the business. They have even more actions in place for 2025. And I think there's tremendous opportunity. Obviously, we've been dealing with some inflation that was on plan. And the OE volumes, if I were to look back four years ago to what we were assuming versus where we are today, they're below that today. So, I think they've done a nice job to compensate for under-absorption in the business, and there's clearly some runway as we look ahead and beyond 2025. Chris, any comments?
Chris Calio: The only thing I was going to amplify on, David, was on the advantage. Obviously, we're very pleased with where we are from a testing and certification perspective. But the GTF aftermarket margins are going to be all about driving increased time on wing on the installed fleet today. And those things we're going to be delivering before GTFA fully cuts over. And so we are aggressively continuing to put in and develop enhancements to improve time on wing, whether those be additional cooling holes, whether it would be coding. The other thing I'll tell you is, as we've gone through the GTFA certification process, we are identifying elements that we can go bring back into what I'll call the base program. These are things that maybe a few years ago we weren't sure we would be able to port over, but we're feeling today like that's something we really want to pursue and have an avenue towards. So again, that will be very important as well to drive the GTF aftermarket margins.
David Strauss: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Chris Calio: Hey, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Neil, you just touched on it at Collins, but I was -- I wanted to ask, if I take a step back and zoom out and look at those 2025 segment margin targets from 2021, and you referenced that a lot has changed, but which of those are still achievable in the medium term and have just had cost inflation or some other more transitory headwind versus which of those have structurally changed and the old target is just no longer relevant?
Neil Mitchill: Excuse me. Listen, I think all of the margin targets we've talked about are achievable in the business in the long term. If you take them one by one, Collins has shown significant margin improvement already. We have another 150 basis points of margin improvement baked into the '25 outlook. And I think with the volume of the aftermarket, the cost reduction focus and the actions we're taking in the supply chain, they will get there too. It's going to take a little while. Obviously, there's been a number of headwinds that we could not have contemplated back in 2021. I recall when we put these targets out there, we were among the first company talking in the COVID environment publicly. So it was really unique times. We've also lost over $0.75 billion of sales due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. So there's been a lot of changes, but I think we've done a lot to overcome them. At Pratt, you saw good margins coming out of the fourth quarter. And again, we think Pratt has the potential to grow its margins to where we thought they'd be today. They're not too far off. The top line has grown faster, and obviously, that's been driven by aftermarket and the GTF, which comes with a lighter margin, but still positive, as I just talked about. And then, of course, Raytheon see no reason why that can't get to margins that are north of 12%, 12.5% as well. So the productivity there at Raytheon continues to improve. We saw good improvement in '24. We're expecting another $100 million in 2025 year-over-year. So, I think all things are on track. But there's been a number of changes, but I think we're doing what we can and controlling what we can control.
Chris Calio: Yeah. I mean, David, some puts and takes for sure. But I would say that we feel even stronger about the underlying fundamentals of each of the businesses. Inflation was a huge headwind when we put those out in '21. But I would just say we -- our conviction around the fundamentals and margin runway for each of the businesses remain strong.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And, Neil, what's your latest assumption for the last year you have a GTF powdered metal cash flow headwind?
Neil Mitchill: So, as I said a little earlier, we've got the residual amount parked in 2026 right now. We've done a nice job, I think, of managing the profile of cash flow so far. We're working very closely with our customers, obviously, to support them. But right now, I've got that parked in 2026. Could it linger a bit? I suppose. But I think we're talking about a tailwind when we go from '25 to '26.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Scott Mikus of Melius Research. Please go ahead, Scott.
Scott Mikus: Good morning. Neil, Chris, I was hoping if you guys could provide some color on the production rates implied in your guidance for the 737, A320, 787, how have they progressed through the year. And then also a quick question on Collins. Do you have any update on the certification timing for the new business class seats there?
Chris Calio: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I don't want to get out too far ahead of our customers. You'll hear from them over the coming days. But we are expecting commercial OE growth, as we said, up in the mid-single-digits. Our focus, frankly, as I said earlier, is continuing to work with the supply base to make sure that we are all in sync. I want to make sure that they know what they need to deliver and that we're doing everything we can to help them, which is why we've got hundreds of folks there doing that. So again, you heard Neil say this, at Collins, we've got the capacity to continue to ramp. We've actually gone and protected some long-lead items in case the ramp is even greater than we think. But we're going to stay super tight with the customers to make sure that we can continue to support them going forward. On the seating question, again, as I said earlier, those are some very complicated certification requirements, and we are working through some testing, but feel like we've got our arms around those, generally speaking, and have a path forward.
Scott Mikus: All right. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: With that, I would now like to turn the conference back to Nathan Ware.
Nathan Ware: All right. Thank you, Latif. That concludes today's call. As always, the Investor Relations team and I will be available for follow-up questions. Thank you all for joining us today, and have a good day.
Operator: And this now concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the RTX Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Chris Calio, President and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer; and Nathan Ware, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast live on the Internet, and there is a presentation available for download from RTX website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net non-recurring and/or significant items often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds (ph) listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations [Technical Difficulty] in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTX SEC filings, including its forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Calio.
Christopher Calio: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. As you saw from our press release this morning, RTX delivered another strong quarter of performance, building on our momentum from the first half of the year. Demand across the business, including double-digit growth in commercial aftermarket and defense remains robust and drove 8% organic sales growth. Our focus on execution drove 100 basis points of segment margin expansion in the quarter and free cash flow was strong at $2 billion. Based on these results and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are again raising our full year outlook for adjusted sales and EPS, and Neil will take you through the details here in a few minutes. . Also, of note in the quarter, we completed the accelerated share repurchase program we initiated last October, returning $10.3 billion of capital to shareholders. We've now returned over $32 billion of capital to shareowners since the merger, putting us well on track to deliver on our commitment of $36 billion to $37 billion by the end of next year. Looking ahead, we continue to experience robust demand for our products and services. We saw incredible growth in our backlog, which ended the quarter at a record $221 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.8, and included $25 billion of defense, and $11 billion of commercial orders. Clearly demonstrating the differentiated performance that our products and services provide to our customers and supporting our confidence in the long-term growth of RTX. There were several notable highlights. At Raytheon, we booked a record $16.6 billion of awards in the quarter, driven by the continued global demand for integrated air and missile defense capabilities, with 45% of these bookings for international customers. Key awards included $3 billion associated with our Patriot and GEM-T products, $1.3 billion for SM-3 and $1.2 billion for AMRAAM. Importantly, we booked $1.9 billion for LTAMDs, the first domestic and international production order for our next-generation 360 degree air and missile defense system. At Pratt, we were awarded a $1.3 billion contract for the continued development of the F135 engine core upgrade program, which will deliver enhanced engine range and performance for all variants of the F-35 well into the future. And at Collins, the FAA awarded our connected aviation team a $470 million sustainment contract for the continued technical refresh and enhancement of our air traffic control automation system, which was deployed at over 500 air traffic control towers across the U.S. The system provides a real-time view of the airspace and tools to assist with air traffic management and airspace safety. Okay. Let's move to Slide 4, and I'll provide an update on how we are progressing on our strategic priorities, all of which are enablers to drive best-in-class performance across RTX, including continued top line growth, margin expansion and strong cash flow generation. I'll start with executing on our commitments. And first and foremost is our GTF fleet management plan. We remain on track, and our financial and operational outlook remains consistent with our prior comments. At the end of Q3, our inspections of powdered metal parts continue to progress according to plan. The associated fallout rate remains below the 1% expectation and the findings are consistent with the underlying assumptions of our fleet management plan. At our MRO facilities, throughput of engines is improving. PW1100 output increased 10% sequentially and 27% on a year-over-year basis. The team is utilizing core practices to optimize the inspection sequence and implement concurrent assembly operations in our MRO facilities. We've now reached support agreements with 28 of our customers, covering roughly 75% of the impacted PW1100 fleet. The terms continue to remain in line with our assumptions. We're also leveraging our core operating system and Industry 4.0 initiatives across the company to drive continuous performance improvements while expanding capacity. For example, at our Raytheon facility in McKinney, Texas, our focus on core implementation, along with investments in capacity and automation has significantly increased production of our 360 degree sensor suite for the F-35, known as EODAS, which stands for electro-optical distributed aperture system. Specifically, the team drove yield improvement and streamlined test and inspection operations and move from an assembly line production process to a single piece build flow, which has resulted in a 5x increase in production capacity for EODAS over the past 12 months. And at Collins, our avionics business is already benefiting from our connected equipment by deploying an automated smart torque system resulting in zero torque related defects and saving over 20,000 labor hours so far this year. Across RTX, we've now connected 34 factories with our proprietary digital analytics technology, and we are on track to connect 40 factories by the end of the year. On the capacity front, we continue to invest in increasing output on our key franchise programs to deliver on strong customer demand. This month, Pratt opened a new 845,000 square foot facility in Oklahoma City that will support global sustainment efforts for military engines, including the F135, F117 and F100. This state-of-the-art facility also features automation and advanced manufacturing technologies that will streamline processes, resulting in improved productivity and throughput. Shifting to innovating for future growth. We continue to execute on 14 cross technology road maps across RTX to develop next-generation technologies in domains that support our customers' long-term needs. An example is our hybrid electric propulsion technology to improve fuel efficiency. In the quarter, Airbus Helicopters selected Collins and Pratt Canada support the development of a hybrid electric propulsion system for its PioneerLab technology demonstrator, which is targeting a 30% improvement in fuel efficiency on a twin engine helicopter. Pratt Canada will provide a derivative of its PW210 engine, combined with two electric motors from Collins. And as part of our Advanced Materials roadmap, Collins and Raytheon are working together to adapt commercial break carbon-carbon composite technology to hypersonic missile applications. Thermal management is a critical requirement given the high level speed, and high temperature environments at play. In the quarter, the team achieved Technology Readiness Level 6, demonstrating the ability of the parts to survive and perform in extreme environmental conditions. These initiatives highlight our commitment to developing critical next-gen products and solutions for our customers. Finally, we're focused on leveraging the breadth and scale of RTX. This includes driving simplification within our digital footprint and harmonizing common processes to take cost and complexity out of the business, will ultimately help drive productivity. So far this year, we've eliminated over 265 systems to streamline our engineering, supply chain and manufacturing processes. For example, Collins is on track to reduce their engineering systems by 20% this year. This will help optimize the end-to-end process flow through standard work. We're also leveraging our scale within our supply chain to drive increased efficiencies, speed and savings. Through a coordinated RTX approach, we've identified more than 100 million pounds of common metals across 60 unique alloys that are procured by our suppliers. We have negotiated long-term agreements with these alloys that our suppliers can leverage to reduce lead times and cost, and currently have 45 suppliers utilizing these agreements to plan to add 15 more by year-end. We expect to realize a 10% to 15% cost savings on these alloys utilizing this approach. Okay. So overall, I'm pleased with the progress we've made in our strategic priorities and the momentum we've created across our businesses. With that, I'll turn it over to Neil to take you through the third quarter results in more detail. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. I'm on Slide 5. As Chris said, we delivered another strong quarter of organic sales growth, segment margin expansion, and free cash flow. RTXs adjusted sales of $20.1 billion were up 6% and up 8% organically. By sales channel, growth was led by commercial aftermarket, which was up 11%, and that's on top of 25% growth last year as global air travel continues to grow. Defense sales were up 10% organically as we continue to execute on our backlog and commercial OE was flat as favorable mix at Pratt was offset by lower narrow-body volume at Collins. Segment operating profit of $2.4 billion was up 16% with segment operating margin expansion of 100 basis points versus the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.45 was also up 16% from the prior year, driven by segment operating profit growth, a lower share count and a lower effective tax rate which were partially offset by expected headwinds from higher interest expense and lower pension income. The tax rate in the quarter benefited by about $0.07 per share from tax impacts principally related to a legal entity reorganization. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.09 and included $0.31 of acquisition accounting adjustments and $0.05 of restructuring and other significant non-recurring charges. And free cash flow was again strong at $2 billion as continued strength in collections helped offset some higher inventory. In the quarter, we returned $1.1 billion of capital to share owners, including dividends and $294 million, principally related to the closeout of the accelerated share repurchase program initiated last year. On the portfolio front, we expect the sale of the Collins hoist and winch business to close here in the fourth quarter and the actuation business mid-next year. Okay. Turning to Slide 6. Let me share a few details on our updated outlook for the year. As you've seen through the third quarter, the performance across all three of our businesses has been strong, and our end markets remain robust. As a result, we have updated our full year outlook to incorporate this performance, along with our expectations for the rest of the year. Specific to commercial OE production, based on our latest assessment of production rates, we now expect OE sales at the RTX level to grow roughly 10% versus prior year towards the low end of our prior expectation. And at Collins specifically, commercial OE is now expected to be flat for the year, and that's down from our prior expectation of mid-single digit growth. This outlook assumes that we're able to restart some level of shipments to Boeing in the fourth quarter, and we see no change to the long-term structural demand for our OE products. With that said, strength across our other sales channels, including commercial aftermarket, Pratt original equipment and defense is expected to more than offset these impacts. All-in, we're increasing our full year adjusted sales outlook to between $79.25 billion and $79.75 billion, up from our prior range of $78.75 billion to $79.5 billion, and we continue to expect approximately 8% to 9% organic sales growth for the full year. We are also increasing our adjusted EPS outlook by $0.15 on the low end and $0.13 on the high end, putting the new range at $5.50 to $5.58, up from $5.35 to $5.45. Improved segment profit outlook that Pratt and Raytheon more than offset a change at Collins, and we have also flowed through improvements in our tax rate and some below the line items. Nathan will take you through the segment outlook updates in more detail, we've included the corresponding updated outlook for other items in the appendix of our webcast deck. On free cash flow, we remain on track to achieve our outlook of approximately $4.7 billion. In the fourth quarter, we expect powder metal related disbursements to increase as well as payments associated with the legal and contract matters that we discussed and recorded in the second quarter. For the year, we now expect powder metal outflows to be about $1 billion down $250 million from our prior expectation. This, combined with slightly lower CapEx is expected to offset the working capital impacts associated with the lower commercial OE volume at Collins. Before I hand it over to Nathan for the segment details, just a few comments on how we're thinking about next year. Right now, we are working through our annual planning process across the company. And overall, with our current backlog and the expectation of continued global demand across our end markets, we expect another year of solid organic sales growth and segment margin expansion, as well as significant free cash flow generation. We continue to analyze scenarios around aircraft production rates, the profile of commercial aftermarket growth and the likelihood of an extended continuing resolution for U.S. defense spending. We also continue to actively work through supply chain and inflation challenges with our mitigation strategies, including forward deploying our people to suppliers, second sourcing arrangements, increasing our long-term supplier agreement coverage and customer pricing initiatives. With that said, we feel good about the strength of our businesses and our underlying fundamentals, and as we always do, we will be back in January on our fourth quarter earnings call with a complete outlook for the next year, incorporating our latest assessment of these items. Okay. Let me turn it over to Nathan.
Nathan Ware: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins on Slide 7. Sales were $7.1 billion in the quarter, up 6% on both an adjusted and organic basis, driven by strength in commercial aftermarket and defense, partially offset by lower commercial OE volume. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 9%, driven by an 11% increase in parts and repair, a 16% increase in provisioning and a 6% decrease in mods and upgrades. With mods and upgrades continuing to be against a difficult prior year compare that benefited from the 5G mandate. Defense sales were up 14%, primarily due to higher volume across multiple programs and platforms, and commercial OE sales for the quarter were down 8% versus the prior year, driven by lower narrow body volume, including the impact of the Boeing work stoppage. Adjusted operating profit of $1.1 billion was up $53 million versus the prior year. Drop through on higher commercial aftermarket and defense volume was partially offset by lower commercial OE volume unfavorable commercial OE mix and higher R&D expense. Looking ahead, on a full year basis, we continue to expect Collins sales to grow high-single digits on both an adjusted and organic basis, though likely at the low end of this range. We expect a lower commercial OE volume that Neil mentioned earlier to be partially offset by higher defense volume. And we are updating the outlook for operating profit to grow between $575 million and $650 million versus 2023 compared to our prior range of between $650 million and $725 million, as we incorporate the impact of the lower OE volume and associated absorption and disruption impacts. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 8. Sales of $7.2 billion were up 14% on both an adjusted and organic basis with sales growth across all three channels. Commercial OE sales were up 9% in the quarter, primarily driven by favorable mix in large commercial engines. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 13% in the quarter, driven by higher volume in both large commercial engines and Pratt Canada. In the military engines, sales were up 20%, driven by higher sustainment volume across the F135 and F117 platforms, as well as higher development volume driven by the F135 engine core upgrade program. Adjusted operating profit of $597 million was up $184 million versus the prior year, driven by drop through on higher commercial aftermarket and military volume. Favorable mix and lower OE delivery volume in large commercial engines were offset by higher production costs. In the quarter, Pratt booked over $11 billion of awards. In addition to the Engine core upgrade award that Chris mentioned earlier, Pratt also booked $2.3 billion of F117 sustainment and $6.6 billion of commercial awards. Turning to Pratt's full year outlook. We continue to expect sales to grow mid-teens on an adjusted and organic basis, most likely towards the higher end of this range, driven by stronger military volume and the favorable mix in large commercial engines that we've seen so far this year. And we are updating the outlook for adjusted operating profit to grow between $475 million and $525 million versus 2023, up from our prior range of between $400 million and $475 million. Now turning to Raytheon on Slide 9. Sales of $6.4 billion in the quarter were down 1% on an adjusted basis as a result of the cybersecurity divestiture in the first quarter. On an organic basis, sales were up 5%, driven by higher volume on land and air defense systems, including Patriot, NASAMS and counter-UAS programs, as well as higher volume on advanced technology programs. This was partially offset by lower volume on air and space defense systems. Adjusted operating profit of $661 million was up $91 million versus the prior year, driven primarily by favorable mix improved net productivity and drop through on higher volume, partially offset by the impact of the cybersecurity divestiture. In the quarter, net productivity improved $33 million year-over-year and included an unfavorable impact of $53 million related to a classified program. Of note, Raytheon has now seen four consecutive quarters of year-over-year margin expansion. And as Chris highlighted, bookings in the quarter were $16.6 billion, resulting in a backlog of $60 billion and a book-to-bill of 2.6. On a rolling 12 month basis, Raytheon's book-to-bill is 1.48. In addition to the awards mentioned earlier, Raytheon also booked $1.2 billion of classified awards, $737 million for AIM9X and $538 million for Javelin. In total, Raytheon's backlog is now 44% international, up over 10 points from last year. Looking ahead, we continue to expect Raytheon sales to grow mid-single digits organically for the year and due to the volume drop through and favorable mix you've seen so far this year, we now expect Raytheon's operating profit to grow between $200 million and $250 million versus 2023, up from our prior range of between $125 million and $200 million and this includes the impact of the cybersecurity divestiture. With that, I'll turn it back over to Chris.
Christopher Calio: Okay. Thanks, Nathan. I'm on Slide 10. As you heard today, RTX is extremely well positioned for growth. We've got an installed base in commercial aerospace that has a long aftermarket tail and leading defense franchises that are seeing record global demand. Our team remains focused on supporting our customers and executing on our commitments, which led to our strong third quarter performance and an improved outlook for the full year. And as we continue to drive our strategic priorities, we're confident in our ability to deliver sustained growth in organic sales, earnings, and cash flow over the long term. . Okay. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Rob Stallard of Vertical Research. Please go ahead, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Christopher Calio: Good morning.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Chris, a question for you on the GTF. I was wondering, how you manage the competing demands of the spares pool versus the Airbus line in the third quarter, and how confident you are in hitting the delivery targets for the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Christopher Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Rob. Obviously, a critical initiative for us. So look, we've continued to ramp deliveries this year of both OE and spares. So, if you think about year-to-date, in aggregate deliveries of about 16% and also about 7% up sequentially, that's the composite. But I'll also tell you that both OE and spares are up individually as part of those composite numbers. I'll also note that we're well above our 2019 volume. So again, continuing to ramp and balancing all the needs. And that balance is going to continue as we're going to allocate amongst OE, spares and MRO to support the fleet. Our situation with the fleet and with powdered metal, we've got to continue to make those trades in order to support our customers. And a big part of that balance and supporting that balance is that we've got to continue to drive production of key part families. So think isothermal forgings, they continue to ramp up 38% year-over-year. And then the other piece I would say is structural castings. We've got to continue to improve in that area. There are some part numbers that have recovered the plan, some that are going to take a little bit longer to recover. But I would say, all-in-all, Rob, we're aligned with Airbus and what they need here in the fourth quarter and laser-focused on helping them make their deliveries at the end of the year.
Robert Stallard: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolf Research. Your question, please, Myles.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Christopher Calio: Good morning.
Myles Walton: I was hoping you could touch on Raytheon. Obviously, really good bookings and -- but the organic growth has been sitting around 5% for a couple of years. What's the type of acceleration we should all think about into '25 and beyond. And also from a mix perspective, that 10 points higher mix in the backlog, how quickly does that impart into a significant mix shift in the sales in '25 and '26? Thanks.
Christopher Calio: Hey, Miles. So look, the story at Raytheon right now is the demand is incredibly strong, right? I mean, if you think about the $16.6 billion of bookings this quarter, it's fantastic. The rolling 12 month book-to-bill is almost 1.5 and they've got a $60 billion backlog today. And as you noted, the international piece of this is up over 10 points, about 44% of the total backlog. Now that's going to take some time to work through, that's not going to be something that's going to materialize in large measure in 2025. We've got to continue to work through the backlog that we have and that's going to take some time. We are heartened by the fact that the supply chain and material flow continues to be healthy. We've seen six straight quarters of growth and that's going to need to continue. We've also continued to build out capacity. We've talked before about expansion efforts in Texas and Arkansas, at Redstone as well, and in Tucson. So supply chain is getting healthier, capacity is being put into place. Demand is there. We just got to continue to work through this backlog. But again, I think that mix shift that we've talked about will materialize and be tailwind to growth at Raytheon in the coming years.
Neil Mitchill: And Myles, good morning. It's Neil. I would just add that we're definitely seeing the benefit of the mix already show up. And as you think about the margin improvement in the quarter, I would attribute over 100 basis points of that to the mix alone. And the good news there as well as we're seeing year-over-year improvement in productivity that Nathan highlighted, and that's in spite of some headwinds that we dealt with in the quarter, frankly. So still feel good about this year. As Chris has talked about at length, we've got some supply chain challenges that we've been dealing with. And as those continue to free up, then, we'll see the top line grow commensurately with that. Clearly, a strong backlog going forward, though.
Myles Walton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky of Citigroup. Your question, please, Jason.
Jason Gursky: Yeah. Great. Good morning, everybody.
Christopher Calio: Hey, Jason.
Jason Gursky: Hey, Chris. You mentioned -- you made some comments I should say, about productivity in your prepared remarks. I know, Nathan talked a bit about it in his as well. Why dont we just could add some context to your views on productivity. Kind of, where we are today, maybe relative to where we were pre-pandemic across your businesses and where do you think this can all go over time, kind of, your expectations about productivity growth in the quarters and maybe multiple years ahead and kind of the expectations that you're kind of building into your plan?
Christopher Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. So look, a couple of thoughts here. I would say, at Raytheon, we've talked about productivity for a while now and the lack of productivity that we've had. And we're starting to see some green shoots there. You just heard Neil talk about that. I think that's going to be a function of, again, the quality and improvements that we're making, core driving improvements and shortening that period of performance all the fundamentals that come with that business as we get into what I would consider to be some of the core of our business there. The things we know how to do really well, those legacy programs that make up a big part of that backlog. I think we continue to see productivity there, and I already mentioned before, the continuing health of the supply chain being a critical factor there. I think we've got the labor in place. But again, it's the supply chain we need to continue to get healthier. I'll say, across other parts of the business, we're driving productivity in many respects through automation in our factory 4.0. If you go into our factories today, we're continuing to drive connected factories, making sure that we've got the automation in place to take the labor hours out where it makes sense, again, to continue to drive the kind of productivity we need to see across the business. The backlog is there. It's exceptionally strong, both defense and commercial. And as we continue to see the supply chain get healthy as we continue to drive automation in our connected factories, the productivity, I think, will come in this business across all three segments and frankly, be tailwind to the margin expansion we expect across all three businesses.
Neil Mitchill: And maybe to add with respect to Raytheon, we've already seen about $110 million of productivity benefit year-over-year. So I think really good traction. We had talked about -- seeing about 200 on a full year basis. And I think, we're largely on track to do that. The backlog programs that have been causing consternation in the supply chain aberrations are diminishing now, and we're replenishing that backlog with new bookings that are priced at current prices with the current lead times kind of embedded in them. So encouraging to see the progress so far, and I think we'll continue to expect that to continue at Raytheon in particular. But as Chris said, across the portfolio in all of our areas where we're doing long-term contract accounting.
Jason Gursky: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Your question, please, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Chris, Neil, Nathan.
Christopher Calio: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: So maybe if we could talk about Collins, please, both on the OE side and the aftermarket. Collins aftermarket was up 9%. OE was down 8%. First on the OE, it implies Q4 down 15%, just given the flat guidance now. So what are you expecting there just around the shipset volumes, if you could give any color? And then secondly, maybe if you could talk about the aftermarket up 9%. I know tough comps in some of the businesses there, but how do you think about the correlation between OE down and aftermarket? Are you seeing any aftermarket benefit from the delayed deliveries?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Sheila. Good morning. Let me start on the OE side. As you heard us talk about, we did recalibrate the Collins outlook for the rest of the year, taking into account. The fact that our OE was down in the quarter, and that was really driven by a few things. I would say narrow-body volumes were down. We saw a little bit both on the A320 side as well as the 737 side. We obviously had a little bit of impact from start of the strike as well. And what we've done is, we've calibrated a level of impact here in the rest of the year going forward. We think we got that reasonably calibrated. We do expect to resume some shipments later in the quarter. And like everybody, we're looking forward to tomorrow and the situation at Boeing getting resolved. So I think we got that calibrated, that's really what's driving the majority of that. There's also a little bit of mix headwind going on within the wide-body. Wide-body in the quarter was up about 1% on the sales line. But what we saw is a little bit higher weighting towards 787 and lower A350. And as you all know, the 787 is not a profitable line for us on the OE side, that's been exacerbated by the movement of heat exchangers from Russia into the United States and the U.K. So a couple of things that we're dealing with there. But I think as we look at the rest of the year, we've got that reasonably calibrated on the OE side, and that's what causes us to take down the number. Now on the aftermarket side, we're continuing to see good provisioning, good repair work going through at Collins. And so, I still feel good about that. I think it remains to be seen about longer term how this plays out, but clearly, the older platforms are continuing to fly. We've seen very low levels of retirements and that supports continued aftermarket strength that we're seeing at Collins, and I expect that to continue into next year as well. So those are a few comments there on those two items.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird. Your question, please, Peter.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Chris, Neil, Nathan.
Christopher Calio: Hey, Peter.
Peter Arment: Hey. Maybe, Neil, just to level set us on maybe free cash flow kind of the cadence when you think about it going forward. You've talked about, obviously, this year, if we back out the payments and everything, you guys are probably over 80% kind of conversion. Just thinking at a high level, when you think about '25, how you're thinking in terms of any moving parts or pluses or minuses we should be thinking or does conversion improve with all of kind of the initiatives that Chris has established on productivity and whatnot? How do we think about that? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah. Thanks, Peter. First of all, in '24, we remain very confident in the $4.7 billion. As I laid out in my prepared remarks, we've got a couple of moving pieces, but I think we'll be able to manage the inventory going forward to deal with the headwind that we're seeing this year. We're still counting on some significant working capital benefit this year, about $700 million year-over-year. And I think that's a big opportunity for RTX. As we look at our balance sheet, we've been doing the right things to protect the supply chain. We've got significant sales ahead of us. So we want to be ready to deliver on that. But that's an opportunity for us to continue to convert the working capital turns, drive those up higher and deliver some more free cash flow. I think big picture, we see a lot of organic strength in the free cash flow. I think that's evidenced by the $4 billion of free cash flow we've seen year-to-date. We're expecting another strong operational fourth quarter. We've got some payments that we're going to deal with that are consistent with what we talked about last quarter. But as we look longer term, I see no reason why the business here won't generate 90% to 100% free cash flow conversion against adjusted net income. So all the right pieces in place, the underlying demand is there. We need to kind of calibrate around OE deliveries longer term, and everybody's got an eye on the broader economy and inflation. But right now, I think the underlying drivers of the business remain strong.
Christopher Calio: Yeah. And just to add on to that, Peter, as we've talked about, I think, pretty consistently, a big piece of that cash flow growth is the profit growth in the aftermarket and up 23% last year. Year-to-date growth this year, 12%, so still robust, continue to see strong RPK growth. Collins has that installed base that's out of warranty, that's about $1 billion. V2500 continues to be strong. We've seen low retirements there. So the fundamentals, as Neil pointed out, in the aftermarket continue to be really strong, big piece of that cash story.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the details. Thanks, Chris and Neil.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of [Technical Difficulty]. Your question, please, Ron.
Ronald Epstein: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks. Hopefully, you can hear?
Christopher Calio: Hey, Ron. We can. We got you.
Ronald Epstein: So what are the takeaways? It seemed like after spending a couple of days at AUSA this year that this next generation of company seems to be getting a little bit of traction, right? So who I'm talking about, the Palantirs and roles (ph) of the world. How are you thinking about them? Are they a competitive threat? Are they potential partners? How are you thinking about defense tech? I know you've got your RTX Ventures division, but broadly, how are you thinking about that? And is it an opportunity or a threat?
Christopher Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Ron. I think it's both. I think there are areas where I think we're competing in the marketplace. And I think we remain always paranoid about competition across the landscape, established players and some of these new players. We continue to invest heavily in R&D and in our innovation roadmaps and story. And I think one of the advantages that we've got is our ability to scale and scale production, a very sophisticated production system and be able to scale. Now there are things that we also learn from our competitors about agility, about low cost, about getting things out to market faster. Again, all parts of the things, when we look at the competitive landscape, we're looking at and bringing in-house, seeing how we can adapt. But at the end of the day, I think we've got a fantastic product portfolio that's going to be critical to the U.S. and our allies for decades to come. But I also, as I said upfront, view it as potential partnership opportunities. There are things that they do very well, perhaps on the software side that could be of use to our [indiscernible] products, given our hardware expertise. So again, we're looking at it both ways. And as you noted in your question, we continue to invest in early-stage companies through RTX Ventures. And I'll tell you just reviewed this with our board. There's a few promising investments that we've made that we think will give us access to technologies that we can integrate into our established product portfolio to add capabilities and performance.
Ronald Epstein: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of TD Cowen. Please go ahead, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Christopher Calio: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if you could frame up for us when do you think at Raytheon defense productivity takes a more significant turn. I mean, obviously, this year, it's a big change year-over-year. You do have some challenged programs that at some point, I imagine are also kind of a negative to that ledger. When do those kind of roll off? And do we ever get back to the kind of pre-pandemic $200 million plus of favorable, and if so, when is that realistic? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: |Thanks. Thanks for the question, and welcome to the call. I want to thank Cai for over 50 years of following our company. So welcome to following us, it will be good to work with you. Just a comment on the -- not the Patriot, on the productivity here. We've seen $110 million year-over-year improvement, like I said, expect that to be close to $200 million. So I think we're certainly turning the corner there. And as you pointed out, there are still some headwinds in there. And I think there always will be. Programs will go well and some will have some challenges. We do difficult stuff. I won't get into specifics for next year, but we expect that to continue to improve as we go forward. Whether we get back to the same levels of the kind of productivity, I think, depends entirely on the mix and the environment that we're operating in. Now we clearly have a lot of backlog, which allows us to buy material at large volumes. And that's where we tend to drive the majority of our productivity. What we really need to do to see greater levels of productivity relative to the bidding margins here is to have productivity in our factories as well on the assembly side. And that will come with improvement in the supply chain, and we already talked about the importance of rocket motors to that value stream. So those are the kinds of things we're watching, but I would say that there is a lot of good positive productivity embedded in the business. We're working through the backlog where the pricing was not aligned with the cost inflation that we've experienced over the last few years and we're seeing the international mix improve. I think longer term, we'll start to see LTAMDS and other large franchises come into play as well, and those will give us more opportunities for productivity. So bottom line, hard to put a number on it, but we're going to see that margin improvement. We're seeing it this year. We expect to see more of that next year. And I think this business has turned the corner in terms of the productivity steps forward that we're all hoping for.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead., Seth.
Seth Seifman: Hey. Thanks very much. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on Collins. There was a shortfall in the quarter, the guide is down, I think, about $75 million, which is around what you guys missed my estimate in this quarter. And you talked about the guide down relating to absorption of the Boeing strike and all that, which seems like it should be ahead of us. But it would seem that the you kind of need kind of a pickup in the margin at Collins in the fourth quarter. And I wonder, if you could talk about what's driving that and how much kind of that absorption really impacted Q3 versus other stuff?
Neil Mitchill: Sure, Seth. Let me take that one. Let me talk about a few of the moving pieces on the ROS for the quarter. First of all, we did see positive lift of about 300 basis points from higher volume in Collins commercial aftermarket defense channels. So that was good to see, and that dropped through. Offsetting that, we saw about 200 basis points of headwind from the lower commercial OE volume and the associated absorption and disruption impact and unfavorable mix in the quarter. So we did experience some unfavorable mix and drop-through on that. The volumes are down sequentially and year-over-year on the OE side. So I already talked about some of the moving pieces there. Talked about 787 volume being a little bit higher inside of the wide-body, and so that creates headwind as well. And third, we saw about 100 basis points of headwind from a combination of a few things. We had higher R&D, about $40 million. I attribute that to mostly timing within the year that was within our Avionics business as we continue to invest in upgrades to those platforms, slightly higher SG&A, and we saw a little bit of headwind in our interiors business. We've talked in the past about some of the first-class and business class seating, certification challenges that the business is seeing, you've heard about that with us and more broadly across the industry. So we did have about $35 million of contract headwind in the quarter. Again, I don't expect that to repeat. So as we look from Q3 to Q4, we see about 130 basis points at the midpoint of our outlook margin uptick. And I think that's going to largely come from the mitigation actions that we're undertaking to address the temporary reduction in the OE deliveries at Collins, in particular and of course, the absence of the EAC headwind on the interiors business that we saw here in the third quarter. So I kind of characterize these items as short term in nature, one-time. There's good strong underlying strength in the business. The aftermarket is really strong. We're getting good drop-through there. Defense has been very, very strong. And Collins has taken good proactive measures here to make sure we balance, keeping our supply chain warm and our factories moving so that we're prepared to restart deliveries as soon as Boeing gets the work stoppage behind them.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Christopher Calio: Good morning, Noah.
Neil Mitchill: Hey, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey, Neil. Just following up there on the Collins margin. You had the '25 framework implied that segment margin just below 20% and had the incremental stepping up a lot next year. Is that still the directional framework or have just a lot of things moved around? And then, on the GTF powdered metal, any numbers you can put around how many engines have actually gone through the process and are back in service. And then of the engines we can see are off wing, how many of them are in a shop versus in line to get in a shop?
Christopher Calio: Yeah. No, I'll start with the powdered metal and then Neil can chime in on the Collins margin question. So again, just to reiterate, been pretty consistent on this, everything coming off the line today, going to the airframers as the full life powder metal parts. MRO, again, it's a balance of the material and of that allocation and it's going to be a ramp, again, as I said, throughout the year. I would say, you're going to really start to turn the corner on the insertion of powdered metal parts as we head into 2025. As we continue to ramp up the isothermal forging, as I said, 38% up year-over-year, and we're putting in place continued capacity in all pieces of that value stream to continue to ramp in 2025. So we have to do less balancing of that material in 2025. So that's the story on powdered metal. In terms of what's being inducted and what's in the parking lot, yeah, there still remain a significant number of engines that are awaiting induction. Again, that's a big part of what it's going to take us to power through this particular situation over a multiyear period. I would say, the turnaround times, however, are still in line with what we've talked about previously, the shop visit mix still consistent between heavy and light. And as I've said before, when we get our gate two, which is our material accumulation into a healthy spot. We've had pockets of this throughout our MRO shops. Our turnaround times, in particular on heavy work scopes has been exceptional. So again, we've got to continue to get the material flow going again, try to get to a point in 2025 where that balance has to become less pronounced. And once we do, we'll start to see that flow through our engines and get inductions and WIP in a better spot.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. On the margins, no, let me just talk a little bit about, I'm not going to get ahead of ourselves on '25 and provide specific guidance today. We'll be back in January to do that. But as I think about the Collins business, there are a few things we're watching. Notably, the OE levels, I think that's an important ingredient. And as we get through the fourth quarter here, we'll have a lot more clarity on what that's going to look like. As we've talked about for a long time now, the Collins business is capacitized to deliver at volumes that are much higher than where we are today. And frankly, in some cases, much higher than where we were in 2020 and certainly in 2019. So absorption is a really important part of the Collins OE story, and we need to see the volumes increase to get better unit cost on the deliveries, that's a watch item for us. Like everybody, we're continuing to update, renew our long-term agreements and with that comes some pressure on the cumulative effect of inflation over the years. So something that we also want to make sure we get calibrated into our outlooks for next year. But underlying all this is really, really strong Collins demand. They're on the right platforms, the provisioning has been strong, repairs are strong. We see the demand for the OE side continuing both Airbus, Boeing and Embraer. So it really is strong fundamentals, but a few watch items that we need to kind of calibrate into the margin story. That said, I expect the margins to grow at Collins. We expect good operating profit growth next year, and we expect that to convert to free cash flow growth as well. So the fundamentals of the business are there and remains strong for both next year and years to follow.
Christopher Calio: And maybe just to add, Noah, I think Neil laid it out well, obviously, the installed base, the $100 billion of out-of-warranty equipment. It's going to continue to drive aftermarket and profitability and margin expansion at Collins. But the part that I'll accentuate here is, the cost reduction actions that are a key part of this. Just the tactical, you heard Neil talk about some of those cost curtailment actions that Troy and the team have put in place as a result of the work stoppage and the lower OE volumes, so we've been pretty aggressive there. But also talk about the more structural cost reduction that's happening there. The movement of 2.7 million hours to low cost areas, the formation of centers of excellence like electronics to get economies of scale in important parts of the value stream. So that's the other piece of the Collins story that the team is focused on. As Neil said, on the right platforms, that's going to continue to provide tailwinds. The focus on cost is going to be really important as well.
Noah Poponak: I really appreciate all that. Neil, did you quantify the EAC in Collins in the quarter?
Neil Mitchill: Yeah. It's about $35 million on the interior side.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks so much.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes on the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Your question, please, David.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Christopher Calio: Good morning.
Neil Mitchill: Hey, David.
David Strauss: So I wanted to follow up on GTF and the spend there. I think, Neil, you had talked about it ramping up in Q3. It doesn't look like it did. It sounds like you plan on spending less this year, maybe if you can help us what the path looks like from here as it relates to '25 and '26. But I guess just high level, if you're reaching compensation agreements with your customers, your customers have a lot of aircraft on the ground out of service. I guess, why aren't you paying more or are you swapping maybe cash payments for something else in the future? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, David. Happy to provide a little more color there. First of all, just so everyone's grounded, we do expect to make about $1 billion worth of payments this year. We've made a little over $300 million year-to-date. We've talked about the number of customer agreements that we have in place. It's 28 now, covers about 75% of the AOGs. And so what we do as a matter of our practice years, we're crediting the customers as the AOGs occur. We consider that a cash payment when that credit is applied to a customer account or we make a cash payment. So that's how we're quantifying it. It's a cash equivalent, if you will, impact to us during the year. It's coming down a little bit because it's taken some time to get these agreements in place. And once we have agreements, then we're following the terms of those agreements and issuing those credits or making those payments. We do expect that to ramp up now in the fourth quarter. What I can say is, overall, all of the underlying financial assumptions that gave rise to the charge we took and the reserve we put up remain consistent and the agreements that we've executed also remain consistent with those underlying assumptions. So I won't get into specifics around when we expect the ultimate payments to make place, but we'll continue to provide the same level of transparency about what we're spending and how much we're spending, so that we all and you all have a good look at the underlying organic performance of the business. So that's where I would say, we are today. We'll certainly see the fallout of these payments take place over the next couple of years as those AOGs continue to exist and then come down as planned as we move through next year and into '26.
David Strauss: So thanks for that. I think you had said $1.5 million next year and then $200 million tail in '26. Does that doesn't hold anymore, it's more likely to kind of shift out to the right?
Neil Mitchill: Well, I would just say that sometime over the next two years, we're going to make the full amount that we've accrued for at this time. The assumptions remain the same. We'll provide an update on that in January as well. Again, giving everybody the visibility and transparency to exactly what we're assuming. If it's different, we'll update our outlook accordingly.
David Strauss: All right. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned of Bernstein & Company. Please go ahead, Doug.
Douglas Harned: Good morning and thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Hey, Doug.
Douglas Harned: On Raytheon, you've got great orders here, strong international focused very much on missiles and missile defense. So that's very good, as I see it for margin expansion going ahead. But can you talk a little bit about the other side of the business, the airborne and space systems, which have been more difficult for you for growth. What's going on there in terms of strategy and how you see that part playing out?
Christopher Calio: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. I think you're right. It has been a more challenged story for us. As you pointed out, when you look at the demand in the backlog today, significant strength in that integrated air and missile defense. And that's going to be a driver of Raytheon in '25 and beyond, frankly, when you look at the size of this backlog. There are other pieces of the business that we're evaluating, Doug. I think we've got, for instance, some real strength in our space business. Now, is it where we've historically been strong and will that continue into the future, that's what we're evaluating. There are certain parts of that space domain today that have been really, really difficult for anybody to make into a sort of profitable business right now. We don't want to go chase business and buy business at really, really difficult margins on, fixed-price development programs, that's not who we want to be in that space. We've got to play to our strengths, things like space protection, ISR, C2. So those are the areas that we're continuing to look at and say, how do we strengthen the foundation and other pieces of this business that we either need to invest further in or decide that's not where we see the growth in that portfolio coming.
Douglas Harned: Is there a time frame that you can see where you'll pretty much have a new strategy in place and positioned for growth?
Christopher Calio: Well, first of all, I think Raytheon is exceptionally well positioned for growth. I would say, it large, Doug, as you kind of in your question. In these particular areas, yeah, we're undergoing a portfolio evaluation across the board, as we always do, to determine what parts of the business while might be strong historically. Aren't necessarily going to be a part of the business going forward, that's ongoing. We do that every year around this time of year and we'll make some of those decisions as we head into 2025. Now again, these are long-cycle businesses, as you know, Doug. So pivoting a strategy in some of these areas will take some time, and we're going to be thoughtful about it.
Douglas Harned: Thats very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gavin Parsons of UBS. Your question, please, Gavin.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks. Good morning.
Christopher Calio: Hey, Gavin.
Gavin Parsons: I know we'll learn tomorrow on the Boeing front, but I just wanted to learn more tomorrow anyway. But I wanted to clarify that you said you're full stopped. And if your expectation is that you would resume when Boeing resumes or if you think there's some possibility for destocking there?
Christopher Calio: Yeah. Hey, Gavin. So yeah, like you, we'll be watching closely tomorrow. Pleased about the news regarding a potential resolution would be good news, not just for Boeing for us but for the industry. I think everyone is certainly rooting for that. We've actually and Neil referenced this in the prior answer, we've continued to try to keep our value streams healthy, our supply base and our factories, that means, we've continued to take in material on certain higher volume programs and continue to build product. And once this work stoppage is over, then whatever has to happen logistically for Boeing to start receiving material, we want to be prepared to be able to do that. I mean, obviously, Boeing is going to want to ramp in '25 and beyond. We want to make sure that all facets of the value stream are healthy enough to do that. So we haven't just stopped cold turkey that just wouldn't be healthy for the supply chain, wouldn't be healthy for our factories. So we've continued to do that. There are other parts of the Boeing product portfolio that we have that have stopped that we've taken certain cost curtailment measures. But by and large, we've continued to, again, take in material and build product because we want to be ready when the re-ramp arrives.
Gavin Parsons: Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle of Deutsche Bank. Your question, please, Scott.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good morning. Chris, it seems like there's a lot of 787s already built sitting in Charleston, I think, waiting for seats, I think mostly for Lufthansa and American. Is Collins the seating supplier for either of those airlines? And then, do you have any sense for where you're at on the FAA review there for those customers, assuming Collins actually is seating supplier for either of those?
Christopher Calio: Yeah. It is Scott. It is a seating supplier on certain of those, not all of them, but certain of them. And yes, you're absolutely right, we are working through the certification with both Boeing and the FAA, so that is ongoing. While that's ongoing, we're continuing to drive the supply chain to make sure that we've got the material we need, so that when that gets behind us, we can go make deliveries and then they can continue their flow and get it out to the customers who are obviously looking for the lift. And again, I said this before, as the strike has happened, 787 tier point is not a part of that. And so we've just been full steam ahead on making sure that as Boeing decides it wants to take rate up that we're there and ready to do it. Neil referenced heat exchangers and what we need to do there in terms of the environmental control system. There are other parts of the 787 content that we've got to continue to ramp to support Boeing. We know that's going to be a crucial part of their recovery, and we want to make sure we're poised to help them there.
Scott Deuschle: Thank you. And Neil, sorry if I missed this, but is there any directional framework you can share on how to think about military aftermarket growth at Pratt next year? Just given the installed base that we think would be growing a lot now that delivery hold has been lifted, and I assume flight activity starts to ramp up? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: No problem. Thanks, Scott. Yeah. I don't want to get too far ahead of us, but I mean we saw a really strong 20% military growth at Pratt in the quarter. I would say, the aftermarket was right in line with that. So as the installed base, as you pointed out, continues to grow, I do expect Pratt to continue to see the benefits of the top line growth there. I won't put a number around it today, but it's going to be -- continued strong growth on the military business of Pratt, that's a great business there. And we're seeing the margins grow as well as the mix shift goes from sort of a baseline of OE levels of production that then grows on the top line on the sustainment side. And it's not just F135, it's F117 as well as we pointed out in our prepared remarks. So see continued growth there. The orders in the quarter at Pratt were 2x what they were a year ago and even more so at Raytheon. So again, the backlog remains really, really strong in all of our defense businesses as we look ahead.
Scott Deuschle: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. With that, I would now like to turn the conference back to Nathan Ware.
Nathan Ware: All right. Thank you, Latif. That concludes today's call. As always, the Investor Relations team, and I will be available for follow-up questions. So I really appreciate everyone joining, and have a good day.
Operator: This now concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the RTX Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. My name is [Livia], and I'll be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Chris Calio, President and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Nathan Ware, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast live on the Internet, and there is a presentation available for download from RTX website at www.rtx.com. Please note except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net nonrecurring and/or significant items often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTX SEC filings, including its forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Calio.
Chris Calio: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. As you saw from our press release this morning, RTX delivered strong operational and financial performance in the second quarter as we continue to execute on our customer commitments and strategic priorities. Let me start with the highlights on Slide 3. We saw another quarter of excellent top line growth with adjusted sales of $19.8 billion, which were up 10% organically. Adjusted EPS of $1.41 was up 9% year-over-year, driven by profit growth and margin expansion across all three segments, and free cash flow was strong at $2.2 billion. We also saw continued growth in our backlog, which ended the quarter at $206 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.25. There were also some notable contract wins in the quarter, including a 10-year MRO agreement to support Collins significant content on Air Canada's 787 fleet of up to 70 aircraft, including avionics, air management and electric power systems. Collins also received a multibillion-dollar award for the U.S. Air Force's next-generation survivable airborne operations center, and Raytheon received a $639 million award for SPY6 radar production for the U.S. Navy. As you saw in early July, Germany placed an additional order for Patriot Systems. This is on top of the $1.2 billion order they placed for multiple systems in the first quarter of the year. We also saw some positive GTF announcements at the Farnborough Airshow earlier this week, with over 700 GTF engines ordered, including options and commitments. These include Cebu Pacific selecting the GTF to power the carriers order for up to 152 additional single-aisle aircraft and Avalon selecting the GTF engine for up to 160 aircraft. So another quarter of robust orders with significant wins already secured early here in Q3 and more expected as the year progresses. We also continue to make progress on our critical initiatives. Specifically regarding the GTF fleet management plan, we remain on track with our financial and operational outlook consistent with our prior comments. As of the end of Q2, we have inspected over 6,000 powder metal parts that are in the field across all programs and the associated fallout rate remains below the 1% we had assumed and the findings are consistent with the assumptions that underpin our fleet management plan. At our MRO facilities, throughput of engines continues to improve, and overall capacity is expanding with the recent addition of two new MRO shops into the network. PW1100 MRO output increased 10% versus the first quarter. We expect this ramp to continue in the second half of the year. As it relates to the PW1100 fleet, AOGs have leveled out over the past few months and remain in line with our expectations. We've also now reached support agreements with 20 of our customers, covering roughly 65% of the impacted fleet and the terms are in line with our assumptions. Beyond our operational performance, let me also comment on the legal and contract charges we outlined in our press release this morning, and then Neil will provide a more detail in a bit. We're nearing completion of agreements with the Department of Justice, SEC and Department of State to resolve several legal matters. These matters primarily arose out of legacy Raytheon Company and Rockwell Collins prior to the merger and acquisition of these companies. We've already taken robust corrective actions to address the legacy gaps that led to these issues, being implementing enhanced compliance and training measures. We also took a charge related to the anticipated termination of Raytheon fixed price development contract that was entered into before the merger. As we've been discussing in the last few quarters, we've been battling through some challenges in a handful of fixed price development programs, including this one. But this specific contract is unique in terms of its scope, deliverables and associated risk profile, which led us to pursue termination. So we're pleased to be putting these matters behind us. And as I highlighted earlier, our operational performance was very strong in the quarter. Given this performance and the continuing strength of our end markets, we are raising our outlook for adjusted sales and EPS. We've also revised our cash outlook for the year as a result of matters I just discussed. Lastly, as you saw in May, we raised our dividend 7% and remain on track to return $36 billion to $37 billion of capital to share owners from the merger through the end of next year. Okay, with that, let's move to Slide 4, and I'll spend a few minutes on our strategic priorities that will enable us to drive best-in-class performance across RTX, including meeting customer demand, continued sales growth, margin expansion across our segments and strong cash flow generation. Given our growing installed base and the unprecedented demand for our products, our first priority is executing on our commitments, powered by our core operating system, our focus is on driving incremental operational improvements to ramp output and deliver on this demand. Today, we have over 4,000 core projects being worked across the company. For example, at Collins, our avionics business improved first pass yield by 2x in its fire detection product line by reconfiguring the production sell-out, creating digital tools and upgrading equipment. And at Raytheon, the team conducted a core leadership week to identify initiatives to more than double weekly output on a key component of our AIM9X effector. As a result, the team achieved a 90% increase in output in the quarter, is on track to hit their full year target by the end of Q3. We also continue to add capacity to meet the demands of the industrial ramp-up. During the quarter, we announced a $200 million investment in our carbon break facility in Spokane, Washington. Once complete, it will add 70,000 square feet of manufacturing footprint to meet rapidly growing demand for our Collins brake solutions. And on the defense side, we're investing in test equipment and tooling to more than double production capacity by year-end in our Coyote program, which is a low-cost kinetic effector for the counter unmanned aircraft systems that directly address today's drone threats. In addition to creating new capacity, we continue to modernize our existing footprint as part of our Industry 4.0 initiatives. Across RTX, we have now connected 26 factories with our proprietary digital analytics technology, providing us with real-time data to boost equipment efficiency, improve quality and yield higher output. This represents a 30% increase in connected sites since the start of the year, and we remain on track to connect 40 factories by the end of the year. These incremental efficiency, capacity and technology improvements are critical to meeting the needs of our customers as we operate in the strongest demand environment in our history. Let me move now to our second priority, innovating for future growth. We are executing on our cross-company technology roadmap to develop differentiated solutions in areas such as sustainability, advanced propulsion, next-generation sensing, connected battle space and hypersonics, this year alone, we will spend over $7.5 billion on company and customer-funded research and development to mature and introduce new capabilities to our customers and sell our product pipeline. For example, we are working on a number of hybrid electric demonstrator programs to deliver advanced propulsion technologies and enable greater fuel efficiency across all future aircraft segments. Recently, our Collins, Pratt and Technology Research Center teams completed a significant milestone in the development of our hybrid electric demonstrator, validating the integrated system functionality of the engine, electric motor, batteries and high-voltage electric power distribution. And in the quarter, we delivered the first TPY2 radar that incorporates our proprietary gallium nitride technology. This technology is a game changer for our sensing capability, providing expanded surveillance range and supporting additional missions in the space domain and hypersonic defense. We also continue to invest in our digital transformation and AI. This year, we are adding an additional 30-plus use cases that generate incremental productivity and cost savings across RTX using advances in artificial intelligence and deep learning. In total, we have over 200 AI use cases currently deployed across various internal functions. Our AI investments are also enabling new and improved capabilities in our products such as predicting equipment failures and aiding human operators in executing complex tasks. These types of investments in innovation will allow us to continue to develop next-gen products and solutions well into the future. Our third priority is to fully leverage our breadth and scale across RTX to drive value for our stakeholders. Specifically, this includes creating a more efficient and competitive cost structure and managing our common supply chain. For example, over 35% of our product procurement spend is with common suppliers that support all three of our businesses. We're using a unified RTX approach to our contracts and sourcing strategy. It also includes harmonizing our product lifecycle and management processes developing integrated solutions for strategic campaigns and pursuits such as NGAD, FLORA and next-generation commercial platforms. And of course, we'll also continue to review our portfolio and prune where needed as well as target bolt-on M&A to support our RTX technology roadmap and grow our core franchises. And underlying all three of these priorities is our unwavering commitment to safety, quality and compliance and everything that we do. It's what we and our customers expect and a commitment we will never compromise on. Putting it all together, I'm extremely excited and confident about the future of RTX. With that, before I turn it over to Neil, I want to acknowledge the leadership update we announced last week. As you saw, Steve Tim has decided to retire after 28 years with the company. Steve was a great partner in teammate, and I want to thank him for his leadership at Collins, and we're very fortunate to have a strong bench and are very excited that Troy Brunk is taking over as the new President of Collins. Troy has served as the President of three of the six Collins business units is uniquely qualified for the role . Okay. Let me turn it over to Neil to take you through the second quarter results in more detail. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. I'm on Slide 5. As Chris said, operationally, we had a strong quarter and continue to make progress on key financial metrics across RTX. RTX adjusted sales of $19.8 billion were up 8% and on an organic basis, were up 10%. By channel, commercial OE was up 19% as we continue to support aircraft demand. Commercial aftermarket was up 14% as domestic, international and long-haul travel continues to grow. And excluding the Raytheon cybersecurity divestiture, defense sales were up 7% as we execute on our backlog. . Segment operating profit of $2.4 billion was up 19% with growth at all three businesses contributing to consolidated segment operating margin expansion of 100 basis points. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.41 was up 9% from the prior year, driven by segment operating profit growth as well as a lower share count, which was partially offset by expected headwinds from higher interest and tax expense and lower pension income. On a GAAP basis, EPS from continuing operations was $0.08 and included $0.29 of acquisition accounting adjustments and $0.03 of restructuring and other significant nonrecurring items. In addition, as it relates to the items Chris mentioned, GAAP EPS also includes a $0.68 charge related to the expected resolution of several legacy legal matters and a $0.33 charge related to a fixed price development contract at Raytheon. With respect to the legal matters, we are working to finalize deferred prosecution agreements and a civil settlement with the DOJ and an administrative order with the SEC. These agreements will cover the previously disclosed investigations of defective pricing claims for certain legacy Raytheon company contracts, which were entered into between 2011 and 2013 and in 2017. They will also cover the previously disclosed investigations of improper payments made by Raytheon Company and its joint venture, Thales-Raytheon Systems in connection with some Middle East contracts dating back to 2012. As a result, we recorded a pretax charge of $633 million in the quarter, which brings our total reserves associated with these matters to $959 million. In addition, we recorded a pretax charge of $285 million related to voluntarily disclosed export controls compliance matters primarily identified during the integration of Rockwell Collins and Raytheon Company into RTX including matters which are expected to be addressed in a consent agreement with the Department of State. As part of the resolution of each of these three matters, we will be required to retain independent compliance monitors over the 3-year term of the agreements. In total, we expect to pay about $1 billion related to these matters this year and have incorporated that into our updated free cash flow outlook for the year. I'll take you through the other moving pieces of our outlook on the next slide. While the financial impact of these items is above what we had previously reserved, we believe the provisions we have taken put these issues behind us financially, and we will continue to cooperate with the government and external monitors as we move forward. As it relates to the fixed price development contract, as you know, we've been discussing the challenges we've been working through on this front for some time. In conjunction with that effort and an anticipated termination on one of our Raytheon programs with a foreign customer, we've recorded a pretax charge of $575 million in the quarter. Again, we've incorporated the expected cash outflows into our revised free cash flow outlook for this year. For the quarter, cash flow was robust with $2.2 billion of free cash flow that was driven by strong collections across the portfolio and some lower tax payments. We also continued our deleveraging in the second quarter and paid down another $750 million of debt bringing our total debt repayments since the accelerated share repurchase was initiated last October to $2.7 billion, and we returned $867 million of capital to shareowners primarily through dividends during the quarter. On the portfolio front, we're also pleased that Italy has approved the sale of Collins actuation business, and we continue to actively support the remaining efforts to complete the transaction. And as you may have also seen, we have entered into an agreement to sell Collins hoist and winch business for over $500 million. Another great example of the portfolio pruning we are doing to focus on our core franchises. Okay. Turning to Page 6. Let me share a few details on our updated outlook for the year. As you've seen, the first half performance across all three of our businesses has been strong, driven by end market demand and continued execution. There are, of course, a few areas we continue to monitor, including pockets of supply chain challenges, inflation and the ongoing OE production rate uncertainty. But given the results to date, we are increasing our full year adjusted sales outlook to between $78.75 million and $79.5 billion, up from our prior range of $78 million to $79 billion and we now expect 8% to 9% organic sales growth for the year, up from our prior range of 7% to 8%. We are also increasing our adjusted EPS outlook by $0.10 on the low end and $0.05 on the high end, putting the new range at $5.35 to $5.45, up from $5.25 to $5.40. The improvement is driven primarily by lower interest in corporate expenses, higher pension income and a lower full year effective tax rate. We have included the corresponding updated outlook for these metrics in the appendix of our webcast slides. On free cash flow, as I mentioned earlier, we've incorporated our expected cash outflows associated with the legal and contract matters into our outlook. Partially offsetting these impacts is some improvement in current year tax payments of roughly $500 million. All in, we have updated our free cash flow outlook to be approximately $4.7 billion compared to our previous expectation of approximately $5.7 billion. With that, let me turn it over to Nathan to talk you through our segment results and outlooks.
Nathan Ware: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins on Slide 7. Sales were $7 billion in the quarter, up 10% on both an adjusted and organic basis, driven by strength in commercial aftermarket, commercial OE and defense. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 12%, driven by a 16% increase in parts and repair, a 15% increase in provisioning and a 9% decrease in mods and upgrades. With mods and upgrades coming off a difficult prior year compare that benefited from the 5G mandate. Commercial OE sales for the quarter were up 10% versus the prior year, driven by growth in narrow-body, wide-body and regional platforms, and defense sales were up 7%, primarily due to higher volume. Adjusted operating profit of $1.15 billion was up $230 million or 25% from the prior year driven primarily by drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket volume as well as higher defense and commercial OE volume. Looking ahead, on a full year basis, we now expect Collins sales to grow high single digits on both an adjusted and organic basis up from the prior range of mid- to high single digits, driven by continued strength in commercial air traffic and defense volume. And we continue to expect operating profit growth between $650 million and $725 million versus 2023. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 8. Sales of $6.8 billion were up 19% on both an adjusted and organic basis with sales growth across all three channels. Commercial lease sales were up 33% in the quarter on higher engine deliveries and favorable mix in the large commercial engine business. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 15% in the quarter, driven by higher volume and favorable mix in both the large commercial engine and Pratt Canada businesses. And in the military engine business, sales were up 16%, primarily driven by higher sustainment volume across the F-135 and F-117 platforms. Adjusted operating profit of $537 million was up $101 million versus the prior year. Drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket volume and favorable mix as well as favorable large commercial OE mix was partially offset by headwinds from large commercial OE engine deliveries and the absence of a $60 million favorable prior year contract matter. Drop-through from higher military volume and favorable mix was more than offset by higher production costs and higher R&D and SG&A expenses. Turning to Pratt's full year outlook. We now expect sales to grow mid-teens on an adjusted organic basis, up from our prior range of low double digits driven by stronger military volume and higher commercial OE, and we continue to see adjusted operating profit growth between $400 million and $475 million versus 2023. Now turning to Raytheon on Slide 9. Adjusted sales of $6.6 billion in the quarter were down 2% as a result of the cybersecurity divestiture completed in the first quarter. On an organic basis, sales were up 4%, primarily driven by higher volume on land and air defense systems, including Patriot, counter UAS programs and Stinger. Adjusted operating profit of $709 million was up $47 million versus the prior year, driven primarily by drop-through on higher volume, favorable mix and improved net productivity, partially offset by the impact of the cybersecurity divestiture, and Raytheon had $5 billion of bookings in the quarter, resulting in a backlog of $51 billion. On a rolling 12-month basis, Raytheon's book-to-bill is 1.13. In addition to the SPY-6 award that Chris mentioned earlier, Raytheon also had $928 million of classified awards and a $393 million award from NASA to design, produce and deliver four units that will provide advanced earth observation. Looking ahead, we now expect Raytheon sales to grow by mid-single digits organically, up from the prior range of low to mid-single digits, driven by improved material flow. As a result, we now expect Raytheon's operating profit to grow between $125 million and $200 million versus 2023, up from the prior range of between $100 million and $200 million, and this includes the impact from the cybersecurity divestiture. With that, I'll turn it back over to Chris to wrap things up.
Chris Calio: Okay. Thanks, Nathan. I'm on Slide 10. As you've heard today, our second quarter operating results were very strong, and we're confident in our updated outlook for the full year. But if you step back and just think of beyond 2024 and look at the long term for RTX, we've got the best position franchise programs with the right content on the right platforms across commercial, aerospace and defense. Our large and growing installed base will support significant commercial aftermarket growth for decades to come, and our industry-leading defense capabilities address the threats playing out across the global landscape. All right. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird. Peter Arment, your line is open.
Peter Arment: Hi, thanks. Good morning, Chris, Neil, Nathan.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Chris, nice results. Just, I guess, maybe just on the GTF fleet management plan. It sounds like everything is going according to plan and remains on track, but maybe if you just peel back the onion a little bit, I know you talked about some pacing items in the past about getting full life distant to the MRO shops and just kind of material availability. It sounds like the MRO capacity is going as planned, but maybe any kind of metrics or any color, what you're seeing and any opportunities actually where any of these metrics might still be able to come into the left before 2026? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yes. Okay. Peter, thanks for the question. Let me take you through where things stand. As you noted, our key assumptions around AOGs, lingering turnaround time, shop visit mix between heavy and light and customer compensation all remain consistent. And as I noted up front, our assumptions on the inspection follow-up rates and the findings are all consistent, or even better than we planned. So good stability around the key assumptions. As you know, MRO output is the key enabler and we're focused on improving the material flow, better processes in the shops and we've added some capacity on this front. And again, we saw some good signs of progress here in the first half of the year. I mean, output was up 10% from Q1 to Q2 and first half output on the 1100 is up over 30% versus the first half in 2023. So continue to drive some output there, which is helpful. The key enabler of course on the MRO output is material. You had mentioned that, no upfront. We're continuing to see some progress on structural castings. Structural castings are up about 5% sequentially and 14% year-over-year, so good progress there. And then on forging, the powdered metal parts. We continue to drive output there as well. Isothermal forging were up almost 100% year-over-year. And we continue to add additional capacity for inspection and machining. For example, we've nearly doubled our sonic inspection capacity for the year. So again, driving on all the key enablers, Peter, to try to get this fleet in as healthier shape as we possibly can. I'll also just note, sort of unrelated to the fleet management plans. We continue to drive OE output as well. OE deliveries were up sequentially, up 30% in the first half on a year-over-year basis, despite sort of grinding through some of the supply chain portabilities. And we're also pleased with the additions to the GTS backlog that were announced at Farnborough recently. So again, focusing on what we can control on the fleet management plan and continuing to drive both supply chain and new orders into the backlog.
Peter Arment: Appreciate all the details. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Robert Stallard, your line is open.
Rob Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Rob.
Chris Calio: Hi, Rob.
Rob Stallard: Chris, following on the GTF theme, I was wondering if you could comment on what the situation is with Airbus and their recent forecast cut, because they've clearly not been getting as many new engines as they anticipated. So those engines instead go into the spare engine pool? Thank you.
Chris Calio: Yes. Thanks, Rob. So again, you heard me say just a minute ago to Peter that ROE deliveries are up sequentially and up first half of the year, 30% on a year-over-year basis. We're not necessarily where we need to be with Airbus. But again, we're seeing strong growth sequentially and year-over-year. And our outlook reflects our assessment of kind of where Airbus needs support from us. And we're aligned on what they need. You alluded to the fact that, we're balancing both OE and spare engine and material. And that's true. And we need to do that for the support of the fleet. But again, I continue to be encouraged by what we continue to drive in terms of production, and getting Airbus what they need. And I think in the back half, we're going to continue to balance the OE spare engine and MRO needs. But I think, we'll be in a position to get Airbus what they need.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Myles Walton from Wolfe Research. Miles Walton, your line is open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Myles Walton: Hi Chris or Neil, I'm not sure, which on the defense side and on Raytheon, could you maybe dig a little bit into, what are the problem programs still remaining? Maybe a percentage of revenue, if that's where you want to handle it, or backlog. And then specifically to this decision to sort of proactively cut losses and terminate the contract, not an easy decision. But are there other contracts where you could extinguish similarly, or would that cause customer distress? And lastly, was there a cash impact? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yes, thanks, Myles. I'll start and then Neil can certainly chime in. Certainly not an easy decision, but we've been alluding to the fact that we've had a significant classified program out there that was, we would say, not in our wheelhouse. Meaning the work that we had taken on, and this contract was pre-formation of RTX, was not within our core competency. And we struggled with that, and we struggled to get to the right technical solutions, and ultimately came to a point where, we just didn't think it was productive anymore to continue to go down this path. And ultimately decided it was in the best interest of us, and the customer to just kind of do a reset here, and allow us to go focus our resources on some of the other programs that we've got. You had mentioned a handful of other, I'll call them classified development, fixed price development programs that we've been talking about. I'll say those are much different in terms of risk profile than the one we took action on here. Those have some important milestones here in '24 and in '25. But we feel like we've got a much better handle on those than the one we're talking about here. And feel like we understand the risks much better there, and what needs to be done to get them to closure.
Neil Mitchill: And just to add, Myles, in terms of the cash flow impact. So, as I sit here today, there's really just a few changes that we've made to our '24 outlook. The first is about $1 billion related to the legal matters. We sold about a $0.5 billion related to the contract matter that Chris just was talking about. And offsetting that is about a $0.5 billion of improvement that we've seen operationally in our tax payments due to some planning that we've done. So, net-net, that's $1 billion. And I would expect that that mostly sits in the fourth quarter of this year. It'll depend on when we get the final resolutions with the government agencies, but that's trending towards certainly late September, or early in the fourth quarter.
Myles Walton: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Neil Mitchill: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question, coming from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Sheila, your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys, and thank you.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: So, right Neil maybe another one for you. Just you're going to do about $7.2 billion of net income this year on an adjusted basis, and generate $4.7 billion of cash. Some of that is one-time items with the DOJ, the powder metal and tax. So, how do we think about that gap closing on net income to cash flow? And then just on the DOJ, can you elaborate a little bit more how we think about that, the outcomes of it and the cash impact outside of '24?
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Let me start with free cash. You just heard me talk about sort of the changes that we rolled into our outlook for the year. As I think about the absolute value of the $4.7 billion, remember, that includes a couple of non-recurring items that are pretty substantial. And if you adjust for those things, you kind of get to a $7 billion, $7.5 billion, maybe even higher level of free cash flow that is operational. So, I think as we look forward, Sheila, and we get the powder metal payments behind us this year and next year, just a little color, so far we're a little less than $200 million into our $1.3 billion in powder metal outflows this year. We expect that to obviously ramp up. You heard us talk about doubling the number of customers that, we've got agreements with, and about two-thirds of the fleet under agreement. So, I would expect third and fourth quarter kind of be split pretty evenly, with respect to the rest of the payments this year. But if you look at the underlying operations, you can see that there's real strong organic sustainable cash flow. And I think that's what we'll be looking to see sustain itself over time. Now, in particular, there's some working capital improvement. I've talked about like $1.1 billion of improvement year-over-year and arriving at our $4.7 billion. Obviously, inventory was a use of cash in the first half. We expect that to turn around in the second half, which is typical for our business. We've got a little bit of headwind from the OE production rates that we've contemplated in that, but we're seeing stronger collections on the customer side. So, that balances for the rest of this year. So, that's how I would characterize the free cash flow situation today. As it relates to the DOJ and the outcomes, I think we feel very certain about the amount of cash impact that's going to happen this year. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, we've reached agreements in principle. There's some work to do to get that finalized with the various government agencies. That could take a few months, but when it happens, that will get filed and be available publicly. And then shortly thereafter we'll be required to make the payments associated with that. There's very little that lingers beyond that. I'd say it's in the $50 million a year kind of range following 2024, so it's manageable. Those costs will include some residual payments on the global trade related consent agreement, as well as some internal costs that we'll obviously invest in to continue to improve our processes, as we support the monitor activities. So, I would leave it at that for now with those items.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Cool. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question, coming from the line of Doug Harned from Bernstein. Doug Harned, your line is open.
Doug Harned: Thank you. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Harned: What you've talked about and what we've heard as well is that, your shop on the GTF, that a lot of the shops visit times, you've brought that down significantly the time in the shop, which is great. And so, presumably, this is with improved parts availability that's allowed you to do that. And I know in Q1 you did divert resources away from V2500 work in order to better enable you to provide GTF parts. And so, two things on this. I guess first, and where do you stand now on V2500 MRO? Is that kind of back to normal? And then second, even though those shop visit times seem to have come down significantly, everything we've seen is that induction wait times are still quite long. And perhaps, if you could address those two issues, it would be really helpful?
Neil Mitchill: Doug, let me start on the V2500. Then I'll hand it over to Chris to talk a little bit about the GTF induction times and turnaround times. On the V2500 on a first half basis, we're at about 369 inductions to-date. So, we had talked about 800 on a full year basis, and we expect that. We still expect that to continue. And I guess the good news there is that, with that acceleration, not only are we seeing an increase in the number of shop visits in the second half of the year, we're also seeing more work scopes. So, these are heavier overhauls. And all of that will contribute to the second half growth that we'll expect to see coming from Pratt & Whitney, particularly in the aftermarket. So, the second half story for Pratt's, operating outlook is really focused around what we call the mature commercial engines, the V2500 being the biggest part of that. So, that's where we sit today on that front. Chris, maybe a couple comments on GTF.
Chris Calio: Yes. Before I do that, Doug, I'll just say on the V, I mean, obviously our customers are relying heavily on that, given the other stress in the fleet. So, we're heavily focused on making sure that, V inductions, turnaround times and what not, that the support is there for the customer base. On the GTF MRO, you're right. In the shop, when we've got material flowing, when we've got material in the right positions in gate two and gate three. We are seeing significant reduction in shop turnaround time, both our shops and our partners, which is really encouraging. The induction times are really a function of what we would call the parking lot. Doug, there are a lot of engines that came off wing, obviously, when the AD hit. People did some of that proactively. So, we are still working through a large parking lot of engines that need to get inducted into the shop. But again, we're encouraged by what we're seeing when the material is there, which is why we're so heavily focused on making sure the supply chain is healthy. You heard me talk about structural castings, isothermal forgings. These are the things that are going to be the biggest unlock for us as we take the AOG numbers down, and support our customers.
Doug Harned: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question, coming from the line of Ronald Epstein from Bank of America. Ronald, your line is open.
Samantha Stiroh: Hi, good morning. This is Samantha Stiroh on for Ron Epstein. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Collins, particularly interiors, kind of what they're doing and what your expectations are there? Thank you.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Samantha. How are you doing? Let me start there. I mean, we're seeing significant improvement in the interiors business. And frankly, the second half story for Collins is going to rely substantially on the aftermarket uptick there, in mods and upgrades. And the one thing I would say about the Collins portfolio of businesses as we've seen really strong performance across all the segments, the - SBU segments there. And many of them are at or above, frankly above, where we were in 2019. Interiors is the one place where we're still lagging. So we're encouraged by the orders we are seeing there. And we do expect that to translate to substantial growth in the second half of this year that's going to be driving a substantial part of Collins aftermarket year-over-year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Seth, your line is open.
Seth Seifman: Hi, thanks very much and good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: Chris, Neil, I wonder if you could address the free cash flow target for next year. Kind of talk about whether you feel like that still stands, areas of risk, areas of opportunity and kind of your level of confidence?
Chris Calio: Yes. Thanks for the question. Right now, Seth, we don't see a reason to change the outlook. The fundamental business drivers remain strong on both the commercial and defense side, our end markets have proven pretty resilient and demand remains strong as we set up front. I think with everybody else, there are several items that we're tracking that have 2025 implications. I think OE rates kind of continue to see the strength in the aftermarket. That's a big part of the cash walk in 2025. And of course, the supply chain I mean you just heard me talk about the sequential improvement and the stability we're seeing, but that's got to continue to ramp. But again, still feel like the 2025 cash goal here is achievable based on everything we see today, both within our four walls and the macro environment.
Seth Seifman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley. Kristine Liwag, your line is open.
Kristine Liwag: Hi. Good morning Chris, Neil and Nathan.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: Maybe back with Pratt, you guys have highlighted that isothermal forgings are getting better. You're seeing doubled capacity increases in sonic inspections, which are all good, but structural castings continue to be an issue. Can you provide more color on why structural casting continues to linger. And then also, I mean, look, this historically has been one of the bottlenecks for previous aerospace ramp ups. So I guess, how is your approach different this time around to mitigate risk? And any color you could provide on the underlying tightness would be helpful?
Chris Calio: Sure. Thanks, Kristine. And you're right, structural castings has been a habitual sort of constrained value stream even since the beginning of the ramp-up back in the '16, '17 time frame, while we've seen some improvement here, I mentioned up 5% sequentially. It needs to be higher than that, in order to continue to meet the demands of both OE to the airframers, spare engines, and MRO. So again, while we're seeing sort of positive incremental improvement, it needs to continue to grow. And the reason its constrained is because there are very few people that do this. And a lot of us in the industry rely on the same players. And so, we're all ramping up around the same time. To your point about what we're doing differently. I would say we're really working hard on making sure that our demand signal is crystal clear that people know what we need both from an OE, but also an MRO perspective. And then getting on LTAs as quickly as we can, so that we can make sure that, again, supply chain knows what we need, when we need it and that they can go make the necessary investments to deliver.
Neil Mitchill: One thing I would add there, too, is that we've forward deployed a lot of our own people to these suppliers to help sort through the assessments that are required around the inspection criteria. As you know, these are parts that are built to extremely tight tolerances. And it's important to have our engineering teams working collaboratively with the supply base. To make sure that we can clear those items, as they come through the production process. And that's been something that I think we've put a lot of effort into over the last couple of years, frankly, but we've ramped that up recently.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from the line of Cai von Rumohr from TD Cowen. Cai von Rumohr, your line is open.
Cai Von Rumohr: Thanks so much.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Cai Von Rumohr: So operations look good at Pratt and Collins in the quarter, sales beat, margins beat, and you've increased sales for the year, but you basically didn't touch profit guide, for Pratt or Collins, is that conservative? Or are you assuming, I mean, it looks like in Collins, the margins are the same or basically a little bit lighter in the second half than the second quarter. Give us some color on that, if you could?
Chris Calio: Hi Cai, thanks for the comments. Overall, we're pleased with the first half results as you kind of outlined there, and we've updated our full year guide to reflect that strong top line growth. When we think about the segments and what's going on there, there are some headwinds. We've got some higher product costs, primarily in the defense pieces of Pratt and Collins. We've got a little bit of under-absorption with some of the lower OE rates. And we've seen some higher E&D. Now we have offset some of those headwinds with some below-the-line items, such as corporate spending reductions and tightening. So there are a few moving pieces here, but we've got good momentum as we enter the second half of the year, and we're confident in the updated outlook.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. Yes, let me add a little bit, Cai, in terms of the top line, maybe some perspective on the moving pieces. You saw that we took up our sales 750 at the low end, 500 at the high end. So think about the midpoint, obviously, 625. If you break that down, I would put $500 million of that is in the Pratt & Whitney business. It's really two pieces of that. About $400 million of that, 80% is in the military business. We saw really strong material inputs, particularly supporting the F135 and F117 aftermarket. We dropped that through. And the rest is slightly higher OE. You saw the numbers we had in the first and second quarter. And so, we're seeing good mix and we're letting that flow through to the full year as well. As Chris mentioned, the profit side of Pratt, we're seeing higher production costs, again, particularly in the military side of the business as we burn down the F135 contract and a little bit of higher R&D spending supporting the continued certification of the GTF advantage and obviously, the powder metal related things. At Collins, we also took that guide up a little bit, see high single-digit, I think, 7% to 8% higher end of the range that we were at before. That's about $100 million of sales. And as I think about that, it's a couple of hundred million, maybe a three points lower on the commercial OE side. We've taken our rates down on the Boeing side in particular, but offsetting that or more than offsetting that is the aftermarket and the military side of Collins as well. So about a one point increase on the commercial aftermarket, two points on defense. Just to kind of round it out, at Raytheon, we now see solid flat, if you will, organically up mid-single digits. It's about $50 million. There's slightly higher eliminations at the corporate level. We're going to kind of hold as a placeholder of what we saw in the second quarter for the rest of the year, a lot more intercompany activity between Collins and Pratt and Collins and Raytheon there. So again, we're early, we're encouraged by the first half results on the profit side. But certainly, on the top end, we're seeing a trend towards the top end of our prior ranges, taking them up slightly here. And of course, if there's more, you'll see that in the results. I want to kind of see another quarter play out.
Cai Von Rumohr: Terrific, thank you very much.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi. Jason Gursky, your line is open.
Jason Gursky: Great. Thank you, and good morning, everybody. And Nathan, welcome to the call. Hi Chris, I know - I recognize that you're executing on the existing engine platforms. But I'm wondering if you wouldn't spend a few minutes talking about the future. These flow coming out of Farnborough suggests maybe rolls is going to get back into the narrow-body market. GE made some comments this week on its earnings call that customer interest in the rise continues to grow. And then I think somebody at Pratt at Farnborough suggested that your next generation GTF might be 25% more fuel efficient. Not clear to me whether that was relative to the existing GTF, or it was a comment about the overall existing fleet. But I'm wondering if you can just kind of paint a picture for us, on what the next generation of engines is going to look like from your perspective, where the customers are kind of starting to have more conversations with you all about that, and what the potential timing of a new engine on the narrow-body side might be? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yes. Thank you, Jason. And as you might imagine, having been a Farnborough this week, there was a lot of conversation around the future of narrow-body on sustainability and on when those platforms will be launched and get into service. I will just - I'll kind of maybe break this into sort of near medium and then longer term. Near medium, our focus and you sort of alluded to this, is on the GTF advantage. Right now, we're about 90-plus percent of the way through that testing. We've got some good results out of our environmental and durability, and so we're continuing down that certification path. As you know, another 1% of fuel burn, 4% thrust, but a more durable and reliable engine. So that's the near term. As we think about sort of the medium, longer term, I will tell you, we're evaluating and investing in a number of key enabling technologies for insertion into future GTF configurations. Think, composite fan blades, advanced materials like CMCs, planetary gear system. And then you referenced hybrid electric. Some of those numbers that were coming out of Farnborough are, what I would call hybrid electric or electric applications. And you think about that for the narrow-body, I view that as more of an assist, if you will, around sort of corner points of the flight envelope, lower platform, smaller platforms, the hybrid electrical view more work. And we continue to invest there and have made some really strong strides in some of our demonstrator programs. So again, we've said this before, the GTF architecture continues to have runway. And so, these are all the enabling technologies that we continue to invest in that we think we're going to be able to insert in that for the next-generation single-aisle. I'll also make the point that many of us in the industry are focused on fuel efficiency, and rightly so. I will tell you that we're also really focused on durability and reliability. As we continue to go push efficiency gains in the engine, there's always going to be trade-offs. We've got to make sure that those trades make sense, which is why we continue to invest in things like advanced coatings, and other advanced manufacturing techniques that can help with the durability of the engines. If you talk to operators today, the number one thing that they want in addition to sustainability and fuel efficiency is time on win. We've got to make sure that as we're driving efficiency and rightly so, that we're also focused on the durability of the engines in the time on wing. That's frankly how - that's what the customers need and that's what we need for our business model.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Matt Akers from Wells Fargo. Matt Akers, your line is open.
Matt Akers: Yes. Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to see if you could touch on divestitures a little bit. You've been pretty active there. Could you talk about just kind of what inning we're in there? What's left to divest? And specifically, are you able to give the revenue and EBIT contribution from the Hoist & Winch deal?
Neil Mitchill: Good morning Matt, this is Neil. We're really happy, obviously, with some of the transactions that we've announced recently in Hoist & Winch in particular. Not going to be able to give you the numbers today, but once that transaction is closed, we'll get that out there in the right form. But we got good value there. We expect to close that in the fourth quarter as it relates to the actuation business at Collins. We are pleased to see the Italian approval in the last quarter. We're continuing to support Safran and the efforts that are required to close that transaction. Again, nothing that we see we can't get through here, but it's going to take a little bit of time, some regulatory hurdles still remain there. But there's other things we're looking at. We're always looking at the portfolio. As Chris and I have talked about, we're targeting bolt-on type M&A that fits into our technology road maps where it's appropriate. We want to be opportunistic there, but we also want to be thoughtful and careful. And then we're always looking at the portfolio from a pruning perspective, nothing to announce today. But I can tell you that we're going through a rigorous process, as we always do every year. And there'll probably be a handful of others that we come up with. We've talked about some of them in the past, but again, nothing to say today.
Chris Calio: Yes. Maybe just to add to that, Matt, we do have a robust and rigorous process, to take a hard look at the portfolio every year. And while there are businesses that might be solid performers, we want to make sure that they fit into the criteria long-term within RTX, namely technology differentiation and strong aftermarket tails, right? So continuing to look at the portfolio through that prism. I'll also remind you that we've set up an RTX Ventures. We've been making investments in early-stage companies keeping our eye on some of those trends, both commercial and defense. And so those may yield some opportunities as well for bolt-ons that fit into, again, our criteria.
Matt Akers: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. David Strauss, your line is open.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Chris Calio: Hi David.
David Strauss: Went through Neil, your comments on Collins and the Boeing OE reach, you said took them down. I didn't know if that meant you actually have reduced the rate at which you're building on the MAX and 787, or are you just going up more slowing? Maybe if you could clarify that? And if possible, talk about where you are exactly on the MAX and 787? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, David. Listen, I'm not going to get into specific rates per se, but I'll tell you that, obviously, we started the year with a more aggressive outlook in terms of what that rate ramp would look like. What I would tell you is that we're in the low 30s in the first half of the year. And we do expect the rate to ramp up as the year goes on. So it's not a flat rate assumption, but I'd say it's a calculated increase. And you'll be able to hear from Boeing next week. I think I'm sure they'll have something to say about their rates. I'd say today, we're aligned with the airframers, but we're monitoring it just like everybody else. On the Airbus front, Chris talked about it already same thing. We're aligned there with the Airbus team on output. There is always a desire to increase those rates, but we're doing the best we can to balance between airline customers and the OEMs here. But I'd say from an outlook perspective, we're reasonably well calibrated, barring some change that we're not aware of right now.
David Strauss: Thanks very much.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Robert Spingarn from Melius Research. Robert, your line is open.
Scott Mikus: Thank you. This is Scott Mikus on for Rob Spingarn.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Scott Mikus: Neil or Chris in the past, you've mentioned that you don't exactly like the business model where the engine OEMs go through a heavy development cycle, lose cash on the OE sales and have to recoup your investment in the aftermarket. So I'm just wondering with the general misalignment of profit drivers between the airframers and the engine OEMs that can create tension when allocating scarce resources. On a future clean sheet aircraft program, is there going to be a broader industry discussion to better align those profit drivers between the airframers and engine OEMs?
Chris Calio: Thanks for the question, Scott, and it's a good question. Yes, the short answer is yes, there's going to need to be a discussion around aligning our business model. And I believe that's not only in the interest of -- I'll speak from the engine side from the Pratt team, but also from the airframer team. When you are - you've got different incentives in terms of how you make your money, it does just drive a tension. And ultimately, sometimes the customer is the one that's sort of caught in between there. And so again, I think the more that we can align our business models the better will be for the OEMs and for the customer base. And you're right, the opportunity to do that is going to be on the next platform. We're already obviously entrenched in their current platforms. But I think we're both seeing this at times, misalignment play out. And I think with the new platforms, it gives us a chance with a clean sheet of paper to sketch out how do we get better aligned and better serve our customers.
Scott Mikus: Thanks. I'll stick with one.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Noah, your line is open.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning guys.
Chris Calio: Hi Noah.
Neil Mitchill: Hi Noah.
Noah Poponak: With regard to the GTF powdered metal process, is it possible to put numbers around of the number of engines that will need to come off wing, how many - what percentage even if a range have come off wing and of that, how many have actually fully gone through the full fixed process, versus are waiting in line to do so?
Chris Calio: Thanks, Noah. So let me just step back and give you sort of a powder metal sort of ramp-up and insertion background here. So as we've talked about before, since late last year, everything coming off the line going to the OEMs had the full life powder metal parts. Now all spare engines have those as well. MRO was always a, I'll call it, a phased ramp-up. And so we'll start to see this ramp up here in the second half of the year, and it's going to continue to accelerate into 2025 and into 2026. Again, we've put a lot of emphasis on isothermal forging production. As I said, upfront, we put a lot of demand into the system, as you might imagine, given what's happened with the fleet. And we've seen some solid progress we need to continue to see some more ramp up. And as we said before, when a shop - excuse me, when an engine comes into the shop for a visit, we do an evaluation based on the work scope it needs, where it operates, when it was naturally going to see another shop visit to determine whether or not insertion of those parts makes sense. Again, we're trying to get the longest time on wing that we can and make sure that we allocate these resources appropriately. And so that -- those are all the things that go into decision as to which engines get the full life parts in, which we can do an inspection and do all the other things in the engine, because it was already slated to come back in advance of the time limits that, we've established. So there's a lot of moving pieces here. But suffice it to say, it's going to be a continued ramp back half of this year, '25 and '26 on powdered metal production and insertion and MRO.
Noah Poponak: Okay. As you are going through incremental customer negotiations, are you finding yourself able to change assumptions either are better or worse based on what you've experienced thus far? Or is it more kind of the assumptions remain similar, because the output has been in line?
Chris Calio: The assumptions remain similar, Noah. But I'll tell you, each customer negotiation is different based upon where they operate and how they operate. And so the agreements are tailored to those, I would say, airline-specific metrics and criteria. But we're using the same, I'll call it, key assumptions that we outlined upfront across the board.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And final question coming from the line of Scott Deuschle from Deutsche Bank. Scott, your line is open.
Scott Deuschle: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Chris Calio: Hi, Scott.
Scott Deuschle: Hi, Chris, are you seeing progress with the FAA in terms of getting some of these wide-body first-class seats certified? And then I'm sorry if I missed it, but are you seeing momentum on ramping up output on the 787 heat exchanger? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So yes, we - on the seating question, we continue to work our way through the certification there. These are actually a lot more complex, and I think people understand and the certification requirements are relatively high bar, but we think we have our arms around what we need to do there to get these certified and ultimately into the hands of airframers and the airlines. On the heat exchanger, I'll just remind everyone that, that was a part that we had to move as a result of the conflict in Russia/Ukraine, out of Russia, and then set up another source here, and set up a separate supply chain, and that has taken some time. But we're starting to ramp up there to the rates that we need to support what we think Boeing's demand is.
Scott Deuschle: Thank you.
Chris Calio: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to the RTX team.
Chris Calio: All right. Thanks, Olivia. That concludes today's call. As always, I and the Investor Relations team will be available for follow-up questions. I really appreciate everyone joining us today, and have a good day.
Neil Mitchill: So good day everybody.
Operator: This now concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 09:35:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the RTX First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Calio, President and Chief Operating Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast live on the Internet and there is a presentation available for download from RTX website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net non-recurring and/or significant items, often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTX SEC filings, including its forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. As you all know, next week at our annual shareholders meeting, I'll be stepping down as CEO and turning the reigns over to Chris Calio. For the past two years, Chris has had responsibility for leading our three business units, Pratt & Whitney, Collins and Raytheon. There's no better evidence of his success than our results this quarter with strong sales and operating profit growth and a record backlog of over $200 billion. I'll be back at the conclusion of the call for some final comments, but let me turn it over to Chris right now to give you an overview of the company and our first quarter performance. Chris?
Chris Calio: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. First, I want to acknowledge and express my appreciation for Greg's leadership. He has created significant value over the last decade as CEO and has shaped RTX into the best portfolio in A&D with our three industry leading businesses leaving a strong foundation for a continued success. Before we discuss our first quarter, I want to spend a few moments on the strength of this foundation and how we plan to build upon it in 2024 and beyond. I know we've highlighted it before, but I think it's worth repeating. Collins is an industry leader, number one or number two on 70% of its product portfolio and has an off-warranty installed base of $100 billion, which will create decades of aftermarket growth. At Pratt, the large commercial engine business has an installed base of 12,000 engines and a backlog of over 10,000 GTFs, which will also drive growth for decades to come. But Pratt is much more than the GTF. Pratt & Whitney Canada remains the premier small engine business with sole source positions on over 200 platforms and 63,000 engines in service, which also comes with long aftermarket tails. And Pratt's military engine business is set to power the F-35 and B-21 bomber well into the future. At Raytheon, our defense franchises are essential to the US and our allies as they confront the threats of today and tomorrow with programs like the Patriot air defense system, GEM-T, NASAMS, SPY-6 radars, AMRAAM, Tomahawk and the Standard Missile family, and future technologies like LTAMDS, hypersonics and LRSO, the long range stand-off cruise missile. So as we move forward, our focus will continue to be transforming RTX from the best portfolio in A&D into the best company in A&D. This means being recognized by our customers as a trusted partner that executes on its commitments, it means leveraging our core operating system to help drive operational excellence in terms of quality and cost, it means being the provider of differentiated technologies that create a competitive advantage, and it means converting all of these attributes into best-in-class financial performance and long-term shareholder value. All right, with that, let me move to the quarter on Slide 2. We've gotten off to a strong start to the year, with organic sales up 12%, segment operating profit up 10%, and free cash flow in line with our expectations. Commercial OE was up 33% across RTX, driven by continued strong demand for new aircraft. The commercial aftermarket was up 11% as we continue to see strong growth in both domestic and international RPKs. So clearly the commercial arrow demand is there. But as you all know, the industry is still working through supply chain constraints and other challenges, which is leading to some OE production rate uncertainty. And this will continue to be a watch item for us for the year. On the defense side, we delivered 7% growth year-over-year and ended the quarter with a defense book-to-bill of 1.05 and a backlog of $77 billion. We're pleased the fiscal year 2024 spending bills have been enacted and provide $886 billion in defense spending, which is up 3%. But more importantly, the budget supports our key programs and technologies, including next generation propulsion, critical munitions, and upgrades to the F-135, ensuring it remains the only engine powering every variant of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. The budget also supports investment in key capabilities to address current and future threats, such as systems that counter unmanned aircraft and hypersonics, where RTX provides leading technologies. And we are encouraged by the progress on the Ukraine supplemental bill, which the DoD will use to further deepen critical US munition stockpiles such as TOW, Javelin, and Excalibur, and provide needed air defense capabilities to the region with NASAMS and Patriot. Internationally, we continue to see heightened demand from US allies. In the quarter, Raytheon was awarded a $1.2 billion contract to supply Germany with additional Patriot air and missile defense systems. Okay, let me move beyond the end market dynamics and talk about some of our critical initiatives. And I'll start with an update on the GTF fleet management plan. Continue to stay on track here, and our financial and operational outlook remain consistent with our prior comments. As you may have seen, in March, the GTF airworthiness directives were issued and are consistent with our service bulletins and service instructions. On the technical side, the results from the ultrasonic angle scan inspections have all been in line with our initial expectations and assumptions. With regard to new engine production, as we said in our last call, all GTF engines being delivered to our customers' final assembly lines have full-life HPC and HPT disks. And on the MRO side, we have started the process of incorporating full-life disks into certain engine overhauls. And as we previously said, we expect to progressively ramp this effort throughout the year. In addition, the PW1100 engine shop visits completed in the quarter were in line with our plan and up 50% year-over-year. With regard to overhauled turnaround time, our average wing-to-wing turnaround time assumptions remain consistent with our prior guidance of roughly 250 to 300 days. With the AD now issued, we are now essentially at our peak AOG level. We continue to expect an average of roughly 350 AOGs from 2024 through 2026. And lastly, we have reached support agreements with nine of our customers. And these are in line with our assumptions. With that, let's turn to Slide 3 and I'll share a bit more on how we're leveraging our core operating system in digital transformation to drive quality, efficiency and productivity. As I said before, our core operating system is all about driving continuous improvements that compound over time to create a significant impact on our business. Let me give you a few recent examples. Our nacelle business within Collins deployed core across seven factories that support the A320neo program, resulting in an 8% improvement in on-time delivery and a 17% improvement in quality. And at Raytheon, on the TPY-2 program, which is a radar designed to detect and intercept ballistic missiles, we leveraged core practices to help double first-pass yield on high-volume circuit cards, resulting in a 40% reduction in manufacturing hours per unit and improved on-time delivery. We also remain committed to enhancing our factories through digitization, automation, and connected equipment. Last year, we connected 20 factories and have another 20 planned to be completed by the end of this year. Once fully connected, these factories will achieve improved overall equipment efficiency, better quality, and ultimately higher output. And lastly, we will continue to invest both directly and indirectly through RTX Ventures and our cross-company technology roadmaps to develop differentiated technologies to fill our product pipeline. These include areas such as advanced materials, electrification, power and thermal management, and microelectronics. This year, we will invest about $3 billion in company funded R&D along with $5 billion in customer funded R&D to develop new technologies and products. We are also expanding our manufacturing capacity in key areas to meet customer demand, a key priority within our $2.5 billion of capital investment in 2024. One of our most significant new products coming to the market is LTAMDS, which is the next generation advanced 360-degree air defense radar that provides significant performance improvement against a range of threats, including UAS and hypersonics. This program recently completed another successful live fire event with representatives from seven countries in attendance. We expect both the first domestic LRIP and international FMS contracts this year. And today, we're announcing $115 million expansion of our Raytheon Redstone Missile Integration Facility in Huntsville, Alabama. When complete, the factory's capacity for integrating and delivering several of our critical munitions programs will increase by more than 50%. So with the best portfolio within A&D, core driving our continuous improvement in operational excellence and ongoing investments in next generation technologies, I'm incredibly confident in RTX's future and our ability to transform into the best company in A&D. With that, let me turn it over to Neil to take you through our first quarter results. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. I'm on Slide 4. As Chris said, we got off to a really good start this year on a number of our key financial metrics across RTX with Collins, Pratt and Raytheon all making progress in line with our expectations. Additionally, we completed the sale of Raytheon cybersecurity business at the end of the first quarter with gross proceeds of $1.3 billion and we've made progress on deleveraging the balance sheet, having paid down over $2 billion of debt since we initiated the ASR last year. RTX sales of $19.3 billion were up 12% organically versus prior year, and that is on top of 10% growth in the first quarter of last year. Demand strength was also reflected in our backlog, which is now $202 billion and up 12% year-over-year. Segment operating profit growth of 10% was partially offset by expected headwinds from lower pension income and higher interest expense. And our effective tax rate for the quarter included a current period foreign tax benefit. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.34 was up 10% year-over-year. And on a GAAP basis, EPS from continuing operations was $1.28 and included $0.29 of acquisition accounting adjustments, a $0.21 benefit related to tax audit settlements, an $0.18 net gain related to the cyber business sale, a $0.13 charge related to initiating alternative titanium sources, and $0.03 of restructuring and other nonrecurring items. And finally, free cash flow was an outflow of $125 million in the first quarter, in line with our expectations, and a $1.3 billion year-over-year improvement. As planned, the timing of defense milestones and increase in shop visits, along with inventory build to support our growth drove higher working capital this quarter. Okay. Let me turn to our business units and some of the progress we made in the quarter. You heard Chris give a status update on the GTF fleet management plan, so let me touch on our top priorities at Raytheon and Collins. At Raytheon, the business continues to see incredible demand. And as we said on our last call, we're taking actions to advance our key franchises, improve our supply chain, and drive margin expansion. In the quarter, Raytheon saw 50 basis points of sequential margin improvement and 20 basis points on a year-over-year basis. On the material front, we saw a double-digit increase in material receipts in the first quarter versus prior year, the fourth consecutive quarter of growth, which of course is driving the top line, but more importantly, helping to alleviate bottlenecks in the manufacturing processes and burn down overdue sales. Moving over to Collins, our focus remains on driving incremental margins through continued commercial OE and aftermarket growth and the benefit from ongoing structural cost reduction. In the quarter, Collins saw strong sales growth and 90 basis points of margin expansion on both a sequential and year-over-year basis. And we expect future volume increases to drive continued fixed cost absorption benefits across the business this year. On the cost reduction front, we continue to make progress as well. For example, Collins is in the process of shifting 2.7 million manufacturing hours to best cost locations by the end of 2025. To date, over 2 million of those hours have already been moved, with 400,000 more planned for the rest of the year. And finally, we also achieved an incremental $105 million of RTX gross merger cost synergies in the quarter, and we're approaching the $2 billion target we updated last year. So good progress on our top priorities to start the year. With that, based on our first quarter results and strong backlog, we remain on track to deliver our full year outlook, including full year sales of between $78 billion and $79 billion, which translates to between 7% and 8% organic revenue growth. In addition, we continue to see adjusted earnings per share between $5.25 and $5.40 and free cashflow of approximately $5.7 billion. Now, let me hand it over to Jennifer to take you through the segment results. Jennifer?
Jennifer Reed: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins on Slide 5, sales were $6.7 billion in the quarter, up 9% on both an adjusted and organic basis, driven primarily by continued strength in commercial aftermarket and OE. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 14%, driven by a 17% increase in parts and repair, a 16% increase in provisioning, and a 3% decrease in mods and upgrades. Commercial OE sales for the quarter were up 14% versus the prior year, driven by growth in wide-body, narrow-body and bizjet platforms. And defense sales were up 1%, primarily due to higher volume. Adjusted operating profit of $1.05 billion was up $145 million, or 16% from the prior year, which dropped through on higher commercial aftermarket volume, partially offset by unfavorable OE mix, higher space program costs, and increased R&D expense. Looking ahead, on a full-year basis, we continue to expect Collins sales to grow mid to high single-digits on both an adjusted and organic basis with operating profit growth between $650 million and $725 million versus 2023. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 6. Sales of $6.5 billion were up 23% on both an adjusted and organic basis with sales growth across all three channels. Commercial OE sales were up 64% in the quarter and higher engine deliveries and favorable mix in the large commercial engine business. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 9% in the quarter, driven by higher volume within large commercial engines, primarily related to GTF overhaul activity, as well as an increased volume at Pratt Canada. Legacy large commercial engine aftermarket revenues were down slightly versus prior year as a result of increased allocation of material to support the GTF fleet. And in the military engine business, sales were up 21%, primarily driven by higher sustainment volume across the F-135, F-117, and F-100 platforms, and higher development volume, primarily driven by the F-135 engine core upgrade program. Adjusted operating profit of $430 million was flat to prior year. The benefit of favorable commercial OE mix and drop through on higher commercial aftermarket volume was partially offset by headwinds from increased commercial OE deliveries, unfavorable commercial aftermarket mix, and the absence of a favorable $60 million prior contract matter. Higher military volume and favorable mix was more than offset by higher R&D and SG&A expenses. Turning to Pratt's full year outlook, we continue to expect sales to grow low double digits on an adjusted and organic basis and adjusted operating profit to grow between $400 million and $475 million versus 2023, as large commercial engine aftermarket continues to ramp and military volume grows. Now turning to Raytheon on Slide 7. Sales of $6.7 billion in the quarter were up 6% on both an adjusted and organic basis, primarily driven by higher volume on land and air defense systems and advanced technology programs. The increase in land and air defense system programs reflect higher customer demand for the Patriot, counter-UAS systems, and NASAMS. Adjusted operating profit for the quarter of $630 million was up $46 million versus the prior year, driven primarily by higher volume and improved net productivity, partially offset by unfavorable mix. Also recall that Q1 2023 net productivity included the exercise of a significant unfavorable contract option that did not repeat in the first quarter of this year. Bookings and backlog remain very strong. In the first quarter, bookings of $8.1 billion resulted in a book-to-bill of 1.23 and a backlog of $53 billion. In addition to the German Patriot award that Chris mentioned earlier, Raytheon also saw significant orders for the GEM-T, NASAMS, and classified work. Looking ahead, we continue to expect Raytheon sales to grow low to mid-single-digits organically, with operating profit up between $100 million and $200 million versus 2023. As a reminder, the profit outlook includes an $80 million year-over-year headwind from the sale of the cybersecurity business. With that, I'll turn it back to Chris to wrap things up.
Chris Calio: Thanks, Jennifer. I'm on Slide 8. With our portfolio strength and current demand, our overall backlog is at a record $202 billion. And our focus as a team remains on executing this backlog to meet our customer commitments and driving operational performance. And our top priorities for the year remain unchanged. First, at Pratt, it's about continuing to execute the GTF fleet management plan. Second, at Raytheon, it's about delivering the backlog and improved margins. And third, at Collins, it's about generating strong incremental margins. As I discussed, our core operating system underpins our execution on these priorities and drives continuous improvement across RTX. At the same time, we're investing over $10 billion in research and development, modernization, and digital capabilities, continuing to evaluate our portfolio for incremental opportunities to further enhance our focus and prioritize future investments. And as we do this, we remain on track to return $36 billion to $37 billion of capital to shareowners from the date of the merger through next year. So with that, let me turn it over to Neil.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. Before we go into Q&A, I want to quickly update everyone on an Investor Relations team leadership transition. After three years leading the team, Jennifer Reed is moving on to her next opportunity. Jennifer took the helm in an unprecedented environment and worked tirelessly to ensure all of our stakeholders had timely and clear information during the critical post-merger years for RTX. I want to thank Jennifer for her leadership and I also want to introduce Nathan Ware, who is coming over from our Collins business to lead Investor Relations. Some of you will remember Nathan as he was a member of the UTC IR team leading up to the merger. But since then, Nathan has held a couple of roles at Collins and most recently as CFO of the Interiors business. Jennifer and Nathan will work to ensure a smooth transition for all of us and all of you. And with that, we are ready to open the line for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research. Your question please, Myles.
Myles Walton: Thanks, good morning. And thanks for the help, Jennifer, over the years. Can you talk to the Pratt aftermarket first to start and sort of if there is risk to achieving the full year guidance, given the harder comps that play out for the rest of the year, given the 9% in the first quarter and low double digits expected for the full year?
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Myles. This is Neil. I'll start out, and Chris can add anything here. But a couple of things on the Pratt aftermarket. I think 9% aftermarket growth in the first quarter was largely as we expected. We took the first quarter to make sure that we started off on a strong foot with respect to the GTF aftermarket overhauls, and I'm sure Chris can provide a little more color there. In doing so, there was a little bit lighter material allocation to the V2500s. We're actually down a handful of shop visits year-over-year in the first quarter, a little bit -- around 175 or so. We still feel confident though that we'll hit 800 shop visit inductions on the V2500 for the full year. And so what we expect to play out over the remainder of the year is that we will see more and more of those shop visits come in. We'll also see the content on those shop visits increase. So we'll see better drop through on the legacy aftermarket. Back in January, we talked about the PW2000s and PW4000s. There's some puts and takes there. They largely offset for the year. So it's really about seeing that legacy aftermarket continue to grow. So full year, still expect low teens sort of growth in the aftermarket of Pratt and we're confident that we'll see the material flowing to support that.
Chris Calio: Yeah, I mean, I guess the only thing I would add, Myles -- this is Chris -- is to Neil's point, we know we needed to come out of the gate strong on GTF MRO given the situation in the fleet management plan. And so we were allocating material and resources with that in mind. And I think we saw the fruits of that here in the first quarter. But as Neil said, we continue to see the demand on what we call the mature fleets, the V and others. And that ramp up is calibrated in our number for the year. So still feel confident it's going to deliver the full year shop visits that we need.
Myles Walton: All right, thanks. Makes sense.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Chris Calio: Morning, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Greg, thank you for your leadership over the years. And, Jennifer, wish you the best in your next endeavor. So, maybe on GTF, Chris, thank you for providing more color in the GTF fleet management plan. And at this point, it seems like everything is progressing well. So as we look forward to understanding the risk retirement, are there other milestones you're monitoring to see if there could be potential risk reduction? Is there a number of specific completed AOGs or more customer agreements to be completed? Any sort of gauge to help us understand risk retirement would be helpful?
Chris Calio: Sure. Thanks, Kristine. Good morning. So look, the GTF fleet management plan is a multiyear process, and we're going to continue to grind through that over the next three years or so. And we've laid out all of the key enablers. We listed them on the call today. We've done it historically. And that's going to be AOG levels. That's going to be turnaround times. And so, again, we've given those sort of ranges on each of those key enablers, and we're going to continue to do everything we can to stay within or move to the lower end of those ranges. And again, the single biggest enabler for us is MRO output. We have a very good first quarter, but we've got a large growth plan here in 2024. And so for us, it's about material flow, including the new powdered metal parts that we're going to be putting into the engines as we said during the last call and during our comments. We continue to add the full life HPC and HPT in MRO, and it's going to ramp throughout the year. So that will be a key indicator for us. The more output we can get, obviously the more relief we can get the fleet, the less AOG days, and then the less penalties. It's really that simple. So for us, it's all about the MRO enablers, chief among them, continuing to ramp up the powdered metal part production and insertion into MRO. [Technical Difficulty]
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you very much.
Chris Calio: Yeah. Sorry about that feedback there, Kristine. So hopefully that all came through.
Kristine Liwag: Very helpful. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your question please, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much and good morning. Maybe kind of a small picture question here, but it is one that we get a lot. When you think about the trajectory of aircraft on ground, and it seems like we are right around the highest level we'll see here at -- in the 550-ish level, when we think about where that goes from here, do we think of that more as a plateau for the remainder of the year or for a couple of quarters? Or do we start to see some progress there? And when you think about where turnaround times are kind of now and the improvement that you can make over the next few quarters, is there anything that you can kind of lay out for us to gauge that?
Chris Calio: Hey Seth, this is Chris. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so look, we are as we said in our comments essentially at peak AOG. I mean, there'll be some perturbations a little bit above, a little bit below, but we see that as kind of the peak and we're going to start to gradually chip away and move that down. So again, as I said to Kristine's question, the number one enabler of that is our MRO output. And again, strong start to the quarter but we've got a big plan for the year and we're focused on turnaround times and new material. At the end of the day, in terms of our MRO output, it's not so much about capacity. We've got enough shops, we've got enough labor, it's about material flow. The faster that we can flow material, faster we can take turnaround times down, increase output, and then burn down the backlog of those engines waiting for induction.
Seth Seifman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Bank of America. Your question please, Ron.
Ron Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Ron.
Ron Epstein: Could you speak a little bit to the supplemental that got through the house and how that plays out for your defense business. What goodies are in there for you guys?
Chris Calio: Hey, good morning, Ron. This is Chris. So, as I'm sure you've seen, if you break down sort of the supplemental into its big buckets, it's about $60 billion for Ukraine, another $25 billion or so for Israel, and $10 billion for INDOPACOM. So, when we look at our product portfolio against those big buckets, we look at Ukraine and say about two-thirds of that is addressable with RTX products. Think GEM-T, NASAMS, Patriot, AMRAAM, AIM9X, Israel, we kind of handicapped that as about 30% addressable, stockpile replenishment, Iron Dome, David's Sling procurements, and then INDOPACOM, again, roughly that 30% addressable with the RTX product suite, namely SM-6, Tomahawk, AIM9X. So again, the services will have their specific lists of what they're looking for, but again we think our product portfolio is pretty well positioned to address the needs in each of those theaters.
Ron Epstein: Great, and if I may, just a quick follow on. You had some challenges with the fixed development -- fixed price development program within missiles. How's that going?
Chris Calio: Yeah, so again, when you look at the productivity story at Raytheon, Ron, that's a big part of the continued margin expansion. And so in the quarter we saw improvements in productivity, which is really helpful. Again, as you know, our productivity plan for the year is effectively no productivity, but last year, of course, we had some headwinds in the productivity department. So again, overall an improvement for the year. We've still got some classified programs, fixed price that we are continuing to work through. We said that's kind of a 12 to 18 month journey as we work through those. I would say on a number of them, we've made some good progress towards milestones and others we're going to continue to battle our way through during that period.
Neil Mitchill: Chris, I'll just add with respect to the productivity, in the first quarter we saw about a $58 million year-over-year Q1 to Q1 improvement. Of course, we had the exercise of an option last year, which accounts for maybe, 55% of that improvement. But nonetheless, we're expecting $200 million year-over-year and continue to expect $200 million year-over-year. And so, good progress in the first quarter. But there's still three quarters to go, but we are encouraged by the shift that we've seen here in the first quarter so far.
Ron Epstein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr of TD Cowen. Your question please, Cai.
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes, thanks so much. So you had a 23% gain at Pratt in the first quarter. If we're going to low double digits, call it 11%, 12%, you have to have a sharp deceleration as you go through the year and yet you're still guiding to what, low teens for the aftermarket which would suggest either your total guide is low or we're going to see a flat to down year in commercial or military as we go through the year. Can you give us some color in terms of each of those three parts of Pratt's business and their quarterly sequence as we move through the year?
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Kai, let me start here. I mean, we had a really strong start to Pratt's first quarter. Most of that was on the back of commercial OE deliveries, up 40% almost in the first quarter on a unit basis. So that obviously drove the top line and some good mix there too between installs and spare engines as we look to position the GTF fleet as best we can to start the year. I think some of that's going to moderate clearly as the rest of the year unfolds. So I think we had a good start out of the gate on installs. On the aftermarket side, you're right, we're going to see more of the mid-single-digit type of growth in the next three quarters. So again, that will be fueled by V2500s coming up a little bit. The top line is going to be also bolstered by GTF aftermarket, which of course doesn't come with nearly as much profit, but will certainly help the fleets get healthier. And military also had a really strong first quarter start. The material coming in in the first quarter was positioned to support the aftermarket principally in the military business. And we do see that slowing down a bit in the next part of the year. So those are the key ingredients. Not going to get into the specifics on a quarterly cadence here, but we're just one quarter into the year, but do -- a good start to the year, and we'll see we're kind of holding on to our guidance at this point.
Cai Von Rumohr: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Your line is open, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey, good morning, Chris and Neil. Thank you. And, Jennifer, congratulations on your next move. Wishing you all the best and thank you. I wanted to ask one on Collins, maybe Neil or Chris. Just the guidance for the year implies a step up 16.6% margins versus a 15.7% adjustment in the quarter -- adjusted basis in the quarter. Can you maybe talk about what drives that margin expansion as we progress through the year at Collins and if you could give us any more detail on the impairment of $175 million?
Neil Mitchill: All right, let me start, Sheila. As I think about -- first, let's start with the first quarter for Collins. It was a really good quarter. We had about $145 million of profit growth on an adjusted basis. We've talked about the Collins growth trajectory really being driven by the aftermarket. Now, there's still a long ways to go. We put out a range of $650 million to $725 million for the full year. And so what we're going to see is increased drop-through on the continued cost reduction essentially that Collins embarked upon several years ago. And we're starting to see the cost associated with achieving that cost reduction ease, as well as the benefit from the actions start to drop through in the form of stronger incrementals. So feel like the aftermarket trajectory supports that at this juncture. And that I think is going to really continue to be the key driver for the Collins profit growth for the rest of the year. If I just comment for a minute on the $175 million. As we said in our remarks, that charge related to some procurement of titanium, which I know you all know is an important commodity for the aerospace industry. Given a number of ongoing supply chain dynamics around aerospace-grade titanium in particular, especially as it relates to the titanium that we use in our landing gear manufacturing at Collins, we've taken some steps to secure alternative sources for that supply. And it's taken us some time to do that, frankly. So specific to the charge, we reached an agreement with tow new suppliers during the quarter in connection with those agreements as well as some sanctions imposed by Canada, which were announced in February. We took a charge to reflect two things. One was the higher purchase commitment cost that came about as a result of these two new agreements. And the second is the impairment of about $75 million of costs that had been previously capitalized on the balance sheet associated with a specific program that are no longer recoverable. So as we talked about since 2022, we've been evaluating our global sourcing strategies to mitigate the potential impact of sanctions and other restrictions. And frankly, we've de-risked that in many areas. And I think this is an important step in putting this issue behind us. So, feel good about the agreements we have, but they're certainly at a higher cost, and so we took a charge to deal with that.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned of Bernstein. Please go ahead, Doug.
Doug Harned: Yes, good morning. Thank you. On the defense side, so in Raytheon you made a leadership transition, Wes Kremer retired in Q1. Can you talk about how, if at all, you're thinking about the strategy differently? And I'd say in two areas, one, you mentioned a little bit about this before in terms of bringing margins up to your objectives in 2025, which presumably fixed price contracts play into that, but also the supply chain progress. And then second, back in Paris, you talked about a need for a new strategy on the space side, to really reinvigorate growth there. Can you comment on how you're thinking about those now with the new leader in place in Phil Jasper? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yep. You bet, Doug. Good morning. This is Chris. So let's start first on the first part of your question here on the supply chain and Raytheon margins and how we're thinking about that. If you just take a step back for a sec, Doug, it's a tremendous backlog at Raytheon. You saw the increase here in Q1. A big part of that, obviously, is the continued focus on execution, in particular the supply chain. We've had four consecutive quarters of material receipt growth at Raytheon. So feeling like the focus on the supply chain and the health of the supply chain is starting to pay dividends and we're seeing that flow through, again, with some of the margin increases here in Q1. And so again, Phil and team are incredibly focused on execution, head down and execution on this backlog at the margins that we need. And again, big part of that is supply chain. And we're adding production capacity as well to meet the demands of this ramp. You heard us announce today Huntsville. Last quarter we talked about the expansion in Camden, Arkansas. So again, putting in the production capacity that we need in driving material. So that's where the focus is. On space, we did talk about a bit of a pivot, Doug, from a space prime, if you will, to being more of a component supplier to the space primes. And I think when you look at our strengths in that portfolio, I think that pivot is the right one. We've got historical strength in some of the exquisite space areas. We've got some other strengths in some of the key components that go in to the prime satellites and buses. But again, I think that's where we're going to be shifting away from perhaps being a space prime to being more of a component supplier.
Doug Harned: Very good, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Your line is open, David.
David Strauss: Thanks, Good morning. Best of luck, Greg. I enjoyed working with you. Same thing, Jennifer. Chris, on the GTF plan, I think it's calling for disc replacement, replacement on 3,000 or so engines. Can you just tell us at this point how many have actually seen full replacement actually having been done at this point? That's my first question. Then the second question, you reached an agreement with Spirit Airlines in the quarter that was made public. Is that amount kind of on a per-AOG basis representative of your other customer agreements? Because that would seem to imply a higher compensation number than you've baked into your forecast? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yep. So on the first question, David, yeah, the disc replacement. So, again, we're at early stages. I told you this was going to be a three-year process. Again, the priority was making sure everything we delivered to our customers' final assembly lines had the full life powder metal parts and that's what's happening today. It was going to be a ramp throughout the year into 25 on insertion of those full life parts into MRO. So I would say today it's early days. And so there haven't been a ton that have received all of those things. But as we said before, we're working hard to optimize the work scopes there, depending on where the engine is operating, what configuration it has, was it going to come in for another visit within this time frame anyway depending on where it operated. So again, the focus is on output and part of that is optimizing the work scope. But again, early days. As for the customer compensation, we've got about nine agreements under our belt, which represents about a third of the fleet. I think we're close on a number of other significant ones, and the compensation on all those remains within the guidance that we provided on this.
David Strauss: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stallard of Vertical Research. Your line is open, Rob.
Rob Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Rob.
Rob Stallard: Greg, all the best for the future, and Jennifer, thanks for all your help. It's been interesting times, obviously.
Greg Hayes: Obviously.
Rob Stallard: A question for Chris probably. At Collins, there's clearly some things going on with the 737 MAX at the moment. I was wondering what sort of implications they could potentially be for the Collins business and what do you see as the risk of potential de-stocking as this year progresses?
Chris Calio: Yeah. Hey, Rob. Yeah, as you pointed out, significant content at Collins on 737 and 787, so across the main growth platforms there at Boeing. I would say that, I mean, we've kind of mentioned this upfront, we've got some, I guess, some uncertainty around rates today. We think that we've calibrated a lot of that in, but again I know the Boeing company will provide their guidance tomorrow, so we won't get out ahead of them. We're just kind of focused on working with them, supporting them through the dynamics in play, and preparing to take whatever actions we think necessary, depending on the guidance that they provide. But I'll just say that the team has worked very hard to go drive the material and we need to support their rates, and we've got the capacity to do so.
Rob Stallard: Okay, thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Chris Calio: Hi, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Two follow-ups on topics already asked about, but on the powdered metal process, can you quantify even if roughly how many engines that are off wing are actually in an MRO facility now versus waiting in line to get into one? And then, Neil, on the defense margins, the guidance implies that each quarter, the rest of the year looks roughly similar to the first quarter. You have the framework next year for a decent amount of expansion. I would have thought you would have sort of ramped through this year into that 25 expansion. How do we kind of flip in 25 or do I just have the numbers off there?
Neil Mitchill: No, let me start with defense and I'll hand it off to Chris to hit your first question. But, listen, I think we had a number of headwinds last year. I think you're all well aware of that. And so as we put together our outlook for this year, we essentially assumed no productivity for the year. Now, as Chris said, and I talked about earlier, that's a significant step-up from what we experienced last year, and largely last year was driven by a handful of fixed price development programs, but we're not out of the woods there. So what I would say is, we took an approach that is not assuming a huge uptick. Remember, this is a business that several years ago was kicking off $300 million, $400 million, and $500 million of positive productivity. There is still positive productivity in the Raytheon business each quarter, but it's been overwhelmed by the negatives. And so at this point, I think we're really pleased to see a quarter like this to start the year. There's work to do, obviously, to get multiple quarters together that look like this one going forward. And that's what we're focused on. We're really focused on improving the health of the supply chain and moving the material through that you could see has come in, and now we got to get it through the entire manufacturing process to meet these important needs of our customers. And that's really where our focus is. I do think it will step up in 25. One encouraging thing is we had significant orders during the quarter and the margins in that new backlog are very healthy. The mix of those new orders, about 60% foreign sales. So it's a good start, but one quarter at a time. Chris, maybe a couple of comments?
Chris Calio: Yeah, sure. So I'm not going to get into the specific numbers on where things stand in terms of those engines waiting to be inducted. But again, you look at the turnaround times, the extended turnaround times that we've talked about, engines coming off today are going to have to wait a bit before they actually do get inducted and enter into gate one in the MRO process. Suffice it to say, and we kind of alluded to this up front, big step up this year in GTF shop visits. And that's why we've played a little bit of the allocation game, in the last year, early this year, to get off to a strong start there. Again we've got a big ramp on GTF MRO throughout the year in order to support this fleet. Again we think we've got the capacity to do it, the labor to do it, the partners in our MRO shops who are incredibly adept at this, it's about material flow.
Noah Poponak: Neil, the fixed price development programs that have been a challenge in Raytheon Defense, when do those end? When do those move out of development?
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, so here's a couple ways to look at it. About 1% of our existing Raytheon backlog today constitutes those programs. And I'd say it's about 12 to 18 months. There's a few of them. So we still have a little ways to go. We are making progress, critical milestones on each program. In the first quarter, we had net unfavorable productivity of about $28 million. Nearly all of that was associated with these programs. So there's still some headwinds that we're encountering as we get additional technical learning and going through testing. But that's the timeframe and that's the magnitude I would put on it.
Noah Poponak: Okay, thanks for taking my questions. And, Greg and Jennifer, thanks for all the help over the years.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Noah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird. Peter, please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and Greg and Jennifer, best of luck. Ive enjoyed it over the years. Chris, on Raytheon, Europe continues to be a really strong region for bookings. Maybe you could talk about the outlook there and how should we think about, I guess Neil just touched upon it, the FMS mix kind of ramping and going to benefit margins. Is this -- should we expect the FMS mix to kind of be a multi-year process as it plays out where that shows up favorably on margins, but also just maybe just talk about the outlook on bookings? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yeah, I think that's right, Peter. I think it is a multi-year process. To your point, if you just think about what's going on out there today, the integrated air missile defense, the demand there is exceptionally strong. Obviously, Patriot, NASAMS and of course, GEM-T and the like, you saw a huge order from NATO at the end of last year for us, and the demand continues to be really strong. To your point, when we look at our margins throughout the year, our margin progression story at Raytheon, we're expecting a tailwind from mix as we increase the international backlog. About 60% of Raytheon's Q1 bookings were international, and so that's provided us a nice tailwind, and we expect that to continue.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Akers of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, Matt.
Matt Akers: Yeah. Hi, good morning everybody. Good luck, Greg and Jennifer. I had a couple of questions. One, what's the current wing-to-wing turnaround time for GTF full stop visit? Is it close to that 250, 300 days, or is it shorter and it sort of builds as the pipeline of planes waiting gets bigger than, I think you might have said, Pratt aftermarket, mid-single digits, the rest of the quarter. Did I mishear that? Is that actually mid-teens?
Chris Calio: So let me start with the, now with the wing to wing turnaround time. Yeah, it's in that range that we've provided in that 250, 300. Again, a lot of that will continue to be dependent on the mix of work scopes. We're still believing that it's going to be more of a 90% heavy, 10% lighter shop visit. And with that, we'll stay within that range. If we can find a way to come up with medium work scopes and other things that can alleviate the need for new, we'll call it non-powdered metal, material repair development and the like, perhaps we'll be closer to the lower end of that range, but we're in there today, given the shop visit mix that we see and the material flow that we see.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. Matt
Matt Akers: Great. I guess the aftermarket?
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, sorry. I didn't put my mic on. Just a couple of clarifications. So, When I said mid-single digits, I was referring to the military growth. We had really strong growth, obviously, in the first quarter. On the aftermarket, think about that as low to mid-teens for the rest of the year.
Matt Akers: Great. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky of Citigroup. Please go ahead, Jason.
Jason Gursky: Yeah, good morning, everyone. Jennifer, Greg, best of luck with your new roles and ventures, and Nathan, welcome back. Chris, just a quick question for you on Raytheon and the defense side of the business. Solid book-to-bill here in the first quarter. So I'm wondering if you can talk about the pipeline that you see here for the next 12 to 24 months and what you think the book-to-bill is going to look like over that time period. Do we have a prolonged period here of book-to-bills above 1 that forecast or shadow -- yeah, forecast growth here for multiple years? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yeah. Hey, Jason. Look, I think, given the threat environment we described and we kind of laid out in the question on the supplemental, we're going to continue to see strong top line growth at Raytheon and strength in bookings. And again, if you just kind of go region by region, it's replenishment in the US, it's the integrated air and missile defense in Europe, it's naval munitions in Asia. So, again, feel like the strength of demand is going to continue to be there. And then the other thing I'll say, Jason, is we're also thinking through some of the advanced capabilities that we're trying to bring to market as well. LTAMs, which I mentioned up front, the 360-degree radar, the refresh on AMRAAM, SPY-6 radar, which has gone through its initial sea trials, counter-UAS capabilities with our Coyote system, and then things like high-power microwave as you look to sort of the drone swarm threat that continues to build. So again, strong demand for the existing pipeline of products. We continue to invest in that next generation product, which we think meets the emerging threats.
Jason Gursky: And to be clear [indiscernible] you think that leads to a book-to-bill above 1 here for this year and maybe going into 25?
Neil Mitchill: I was just going to comment on the book-to-bill. I mean, certainly, really strong first quarter With top line sales projected to where we see them, it's obviously going to change the math a little bit on the book-to-bill calculation, but we still expect a book to bill over 1.1 for this year. And I think it's going to be strong next year. But obviously as sales go up too, that'll level off a little bit. But the backlog is going to continue to grow. To put a finer point on some of the awards for this year, we see AMRAAM, we've talked about LTAMDS, both with the US Army and Poland, certainly Patriot, SPY-6, and SM-3. So a good list of potential things. The large international ones can be lumpy. They can come in this year. They could fall into next year. But, we see a lot of demand signals that are really strong there.
Jason Gursky: Great. And thanks [for cutting you out] (ph) before you could get to it, Neil. Appreciate it.
Neil Mitchill: No problem. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question -- our final question comes from the line of Gavin Parson of UBS. Your question please, Gavin.
Gavin Parson: Thanks. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Gavin.
Gavin Parson: First, I was wondering if you guys could just give an update on what ratio of GTF customer compensation agreements have actually been completed. And then second, if you could just give a little more detail on the OE rate uncertainty you talked about. I know we're waiting for Boeing tomorrow, but if you're actually already seeing a lower pull on any of those programs and if that's considered in Collins guidance? Thank you.
Chris Calio: Yep, sure, Gavin, This is Chris. So again, on the GTF customer piece, we've set up front, we got about nine done. We're in the final throes of a few more and those nine that we've got under our belt represent about a third of the GTF fleet total. And then on the rates again, Boeing will provide the guidance tomorrow. I just think we're very much embedded with them 737, 787. What do we need to do to support a ramp on 787? And then what do we need to do to help them go wherever they need to on 737? And so we won't get out ahead of them, but just know that we're working a number of scenarios and we'll take whatever action is necessary based upon what they need.
Gavin Parson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back to Greg Hayes for closing remarks.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thank you, Latif. I'll keep these comments brief, but as I step back from the day-to-day responsibility as CEO of RTX, I want to take this opportunity to thank our team for their trust and support over this past decade. Any success we have had is the result of the hard work and dedication of the entire team, the senior leadership team, but also the whole 185,000 people that make RTX a great company that it is. I also want to thank our investors. It's been an interesting decade or so in the role. And thank you for your patience as we've transitioned and transformed what was United Technologies, a multi-industry company, into RTX, which is, I believe, the best positioned A&D company in the world today. We've got great products, great portfolio of people and technologies, and a great backlog that I think is going to serve us well into the future. There is, of course, always more to do. We can talk a lot about that. I think Chris is absolutely on the right track, that is focusing on execution, focusing on technology and making sure we have the best team possible. And I can't think of a better leader than Chris to lead RTX for the next decade or so. You should all know that Chris has the full support of the Board, but not just the Board, the entire senior leadership team and the entire organization. And I look forward to working with Chris in the near term and watching from the sidelines beyond that as he is successful. I also want to thank Jennifer. Jennifer and I have worked together for a decade from Sikorsky's disposition to the integration of Raytheon and UTC and lately for the last three years as Head of Investor Relations, she's been a great resource for the company and a great friend. So, Jennifer, thank you. With that I think that's all. Thanks for listening today. Jennifer, Nathan and team will be available all day to answer whatever questions you have. But thanks for listening and take care.
Operator: This now concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the RTX Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Calio, President and Chief Operating Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast live on the internet, and there is a presentation available for download from RTX website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net non-recurring and/or significant items, often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners, that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTX SEC filings, including its forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone opportunity to participate. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Greg Hayes: All right, thank you, and good morning, everyone. We've got a lot to cover today, but let me start with the news we shared last month, which I'm sure you all saw. Effective on May 2, the date of our annual share owners meeting, Chris Calio will become the new CEO of RTX. Chris's appointment is the result of a very deliberate and thoughtful succession planning process conducted by our Board of Directors over the past three years. While I'm going to remain in my role as Executive Chairman, Chris will be taking the reins of the company. As you all know, I've worked with Chris for many years and I can't think of a better person to take on this role. Chris has a deep understanding of our industry our customers' needs, and our operation. And most importantly, he's an outstanding leader. Here I'd like to say that I'm honored to have led this organization for almost the last 10-years. But most importantly, I'd like to thank each and every employee, who has supported our mission over the last decade. We would not have been able to accomplish all we did if not for you. Going forward, I have the utmost confidence in Chris's ability to lead this great company and continue to drive performance and value creation for all of our stakeholders for years to come. With that, let me turn it over to Chris to take you through an update on our end markets and the year. Chris?
Chris Calio: Well, good morning, everyone, and thank you, Greg. I'd like to start by thanking all RTX employees for their contributions last year. And I want to share how humbled I am that our board has given me the opportunity to lead this world-class team. As we move forward, our focus will continue to be on delivering our record backlog, accelerating innovation, and driving operational performance across the portfolio to meet our customer and shareholder expectations. I'd also like to acknowledge a couple of other leadership changes we've recently announced. First I'd like to thank Wes Kremer for his significant contributions to the company as he transitions into retirement. Over the course of his 20-year career here, Wes has led the development of some of Raytheons most successful programs, including LTAMs, Standard Missile 3, and a range of strategic missile defense systems that defend the homeland and our allies. Wes has also played a critical role in restructuring the Raytheon business unit to better align with the needs of our customers. With Wes's retirement, Phil Jasper has been appointed as President of the Raytheon business. Phil brings with him over 30-years of experience in aerospace and defense, and most recently led the Collins Mission Systems business, where he played a critical role in integrating RTX's connected battle solutions this past year. Phil's deep knowledge of our military customers and their priorities, and his experience leading many business transformation initiatives throughout his career, positions him well to lead Raytheon. Now, before I cover the highlights of the year, let me get into an update on our end markets. First and foremost, demand for our products and services in both commercial aerospace and defense has never been stronger. Air travel has returned to, and in some cases surpassed, pre-pandemic levels, and the global threat environment is driving unprecedented demand, especially in air defense systems. Starting with commercial aero, we saw solid air traffic growth this past year with global revenue passenger miles back to 2019 levels and domestic air travel now 5% above 2019 levels as we exited the year. The strong recovery has helped drive significant aftermarket demand for both wide-body and narrow-body aircraft, with growth expected to continue into 2024. On the defense side, increases in global spending have led to a defense backlog which is now at $78 billion, up $9 billion from a year ago. Just this past quarter, we received a GEMT order with $2.8 billion from NATO, which is the largest GEMT contract recorded in Raytheon history. Domestically, we are pleased that a bipartisan funding agreement has been reached supporting increased defense spending and expect Congress will complete their work on the full-year 24 appropriations bill in the next several weeks. With that, let me turn to slide two, provide an update on 2023, and I'll start with some of the highlights. We delivered $74.3 billion in adjusted sales for the full-year, up 11% organically and adjusted EPS of $5.06 was up 6% year-over-year, both of which were ahead of our outlook. And more importantly, we ended the year with $5.5 billion in free cash flow, which also exceeded our commitment. On a full-year basis, commercial aftermarket was up 23%, commercial OE was up 20%, and defense was up 4%. On the capital allocation front, we returned over $16 billion of capital to share owners for the year, including $12.9 billion of share repurchases supported by our $10 billion ASR and $3.2 billion in dividends. We're beginning the process of deleveraging this year to ensure we maintain a strong balance sheet, which will be in part supported by the closure of our previously announced divestitures. At the same time, we remain focused on ensuring that business continues to be positioned to achieve sustained growth. In 2023, we spent almost $10 billion in CapEx in company and customer funded R&D, while capturing $95 billion in new bookings, resulting in company-wide backlog growth of 12% in a book-to-bill of 1.28, ending the year with a record RTX backlog of $196 billion. So while there's a lot of positive momentum in our markets and across the business, we have two matters we've been heavily focused on, Pratt's powdered metal situation and Raytheon's margins. So let me hit these two head on and I'll start with powdered metal. Our top priority continues to be executing on our fleet management plans, and both the financial and operational outlook remain consistent with our call last October. While we are still in the early stages, I'm going to provide a few more details on the progress we've made to-date. As you saw, Pratt has issued the necessary service bulletins and service instructions to operators, which are entirely consistent with our underlying financial and operational assumptions that we previously communicated. The FAA is in the process of drafting the corresponding airworthiness directives, which we expect to be issued within the next month or so. And just as a reminder, it is common practice for a fleet management plan to be communicated through multiple service bulletins and airworthiness directives to address different engine models, compliance times, or components and sections of the engine. Continue to conduct ultrasonic angle scan inspections and powder metal parts, and our findings remain consistent with our prior analysis and assumptions. Let me now turn to our industrial plans. You'll recall our focus is on ramping production of HPT and HPC disks to support both OE and MRO deliveries. We've made solid progress here as well. Continue to secure the necessary machining and inspection capacity for increased disk production. Today, all OE GTF engines being delivered to our customers final assembly lines contain disks produced from powdered metal manufactured after Q3 2021 and have full certified lives. On the GTF MRO front, we have begun installing full life disks during certain shop visits. And the number of engines receiving full life disks in MRO will increase throughout the year as we continue to ramp up production of these parts. Our estimated wing-to-wing turnaround time remains consistent with our prior guidance. Pratt grew GTF MRO output by almost 30% year-over-year in 2023, while also making investments in additional shops, test cell capacity, and repair capability to support even more growth in 2024. With respect to the number of AOGs, we continue to expect the roughly 350 on average that we previously guided. However, we will likely see a lower peak level than previously anticipated due to the timing of the AD issuance and proactive fleet management by our customers. Additionally, our conversations with customers continue to progress. To-date, we have finalized several customer support agreements, and these have been in line with the assumptions we outlined last year. And lastly, just a comment on the remaining Pratt & Whitney fleets. Both the financial and operational outlook remain consistent with what we discussed on our prior call. We continue to execute on those plans. I'll now shift to Raytheon's performance. We continue to experience profitability challenges driven by productivity headwinds within the business, primarily attributable to legacy fixed price development programs that we have previously discussed, as well as continued supply chain and operational headwinds. Let me start by providing some color around our productivity issues. And its important to note that we are in fact achieving productivity in several parts of Raytheon's business, in particular on certain legacy product families where we've received successive awards that are creating scale in our factories and in our supply chain. For example, we increased GEMT output by 50% year-over-year by using our core system to refine work instructions, increase test equipment uptime, and reduce product cycle time, all without additional capital or manpower. We also recognize productivity gains when we successfully retire technical and schedule risks on our contracts, which is more frequent in our programs in the production phase. However, those gains have been overcome by unfavorable productivity in other areas. In 2023, about 70% of this headwind came from challenges on fixed price development programs, and the remaining 30% was driven by unfavorable material costs, as well as supplier delinquencies, which have had the effect of extending the period of performance in several cases. So what are we doing about it? Our plan to stabilize the current performance and deliver profitable growth consists of a few elements. One, we expect improvement in our fixed price development programs as we satisfy certain technical and programmatic milestones. We will also be more selective and disciplined about the work we pursue moving forward. Two, we are making modifications in our approach to winning new work. We continue to ensure that our new contracts and additional contractual lots have better protection from supplier inflation. This will take some time to play through, but we expect this will help us improve our margin profile. Three, we continue to drive improved supply chain performance and material flow. Overall, our material receipts were up 8% in 2023. And we need to continue on that trajectory here in 2024. Four, we continue to take indirect cost actions that will help us avoid some of the headwinds we experienced in 2022 and 23. For instance, we optimized Raytheon's realigned business structure by further consolidating and streamlining several of our sub business units earlier this month. This will reduce indirect costs and overhead and better position the business for profitable growth. And lastly, there will be some tailwind that comes from a mixed shift in our business as development programs and technical refreshes move into production, and the mix of our sales shifts more towards FMS and DCS. So there's obviously a lot of work to do, but this business has a strong foundation and it starts with its product portfolio. As I said earlier, the demand for Raytheon's products is incredibly strong, and I'm confident that Phil and the team are focused on addressing these challenges and delivering this record backlog at the margins that we need. With that, let me turn it over to Neil to take you through our fourth quarter results.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks Chris. Turning to slide three, we finished the year strong and ahead of our expectations with solid growth in organic sales across all three segments, even as the year-over-year comparisons became more difficult. And overall segment operating profit for the year was up 18% versus 2022. We also ended the year with strong free cash flow as you heard from Chris. For the fourth quarter, we had adjusted sales of $19.8 billion, up 10% organically versus the prior year. This was primarily driven by growth in commercial aerospace, as well as growth across defense in all three segments. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.29 was a bit better than our expectations and up 2% as profit from higher commercial aftermarket at Pratt and Collins and drop through on higher defense volume was partially offset by the expected headwinds from higher interest taxes and lower pension income. Keep in mind we dealt with about $2.3 billion of inflationary headwinds in 2023 of which about a quarter of that was in the fourth quarter, which we largely overcame through pricing and cost reduction actions. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.05 per share and included $0.29 of acquisition accounting adjustments, a $0.06 benefit related to a customer settlement, and $0.01 net charges associated with restructuring and other non-recurring items. And finally, we delivered free cash flow with $3.9 billion in the quarter, bringing our total free cash flow for the year to $5.5 billion, which is about $700 million ahead of our prior outlook, as powder metal related impacts have shifted and year-end collections were stronger than expected. With that, let me hand it over to Jennifer to take you through the segment results and I'll come back and share our thoughts on 2024 and 2025.
Jennifer Reed: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins on slide four. Sales were $7 billion in the quarter, up 12% on both an adjusted and organic basis driven primarily by continued strengths in commercial OE and aftermarket growth. By channel commercial aftermarket sales were up 23%, driven by a 27% increase in provisioning, a 26% increase in parts and repair, and an increase of 7% in mods and upgrades in the quarter. Commercial OE sales for the quarter were up 17% versus the prior year, driven by continued growth in both narrow body and wide body platforms. And military sales were up 1% primarily due to higher deliveries. Adjusted operating profit of $104 billion was up $190 million or 22% from the prior year with drop through on higher commercial aftermarket volume and favorable mix partially offset by lower commercial OE as drop through on OE volume was more than offset by higher production costs. In addition, higher R&D expenses offset by lower SG&A. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on slide five, sales of $6.4 billion were up 14% both on an adjusted and organic basis with sales growth across all three channels. Commercial OE sales were up 20% in the quarter, driven by higher engine deliveries and favorable mix in large commercial engine and Pratt Canada businesses. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 18% in the quarter, driven by higher volume in both large commercial engine and Pratt Canada businesses. And in the military business, sales were up 4%, primarily driven by higher sustainment volume, which was partially offset by lower material inputs on production programs. Adjusted operating profit of $405 million was up $84 million from the prior year, primarily driven by drop through and higher commercial aftermarket volume and favorable commercial OE mix. This was partially offset by higher commercial OE volume, higher production costs and unfavorable military contract adjustment in the absence of a benefit from a prior year customer contract adjustment. And finally, higher R&D expense was offset by lower SG&A. Now turning to Raytheon on slide six. Sales of $6.9 billion in the quarter were up 3% on an adjusted basis and 4% organically, primarily driven by higher volume on advanced technology and air power programs. Adjusted operating profit for the quarter of $618 million was up $48 million versus the prior year, driven primarily by higher volume and lower operating expenses partially offset by unfavorable net program efficiencies. Bookings and backlog continue to be very strong as we finish the year. In the fourth quarter, $9.1 billion of booking resulted in a book to bill of 1.33 and an end of the year backlog of $52 billion. And for the full-year, Raytheon's book to bill was 1.22. With that, I'll turn it back to Neil to provide some color on 2024.
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, Jennifer. Let's turn to slide seven. Before I get into the specifics on our 24 financial outlook just a couple of comments on the environment as we look ahead. So let me start with the positives. As Chris said global RPMs are back to 2019 levels. However, they have not fully recovered with respect to long-haul international travel, particularly widebody, but that is expected to continue to be a tailwind for us going forward. On the narrowbody side, demand for new aircraft remains strong, which continues to support both OE and aftermarket growth. Specific to the commercial OE side, with increasing commercial production rates, we expect commercial OE revenue will be up between about 10% and 15% in 2024. Now, with respect to commercial aftermarket, we currently expect sales to be up over 10% in 24, and that's on top of the 23% growth we saw in 23. Turning to defense, global defense spending remains elevated, which will continue to support our backlog ahead as our key programs remain well funded. Across RTX, we remain laser focused on driving operational excellence to deliver cost reduction and further margin expansion. In 2023, we achieved $295 million of incremental RTX merger cost synergies, keeping us on track to achieve our $2 billion in gross cost synergy goal by the end of 2025. On the challenges side, there are certain pockets where inflation remains elevated, we will see the lingering effect of the past couple of years inflation as we deliver on our backlog. In 24, we expect to see about $1.7 billion of material and labor inflation, which we expect to be more than offset by higher pricing and the benefits from our digital transformation projects and other aggressive cost reduction initiatives across the company. And as Chris said before, we continue to focus on executing on our GTF fleet management plans and are working relentlessly to mitigate further disruption to our customers. And of course, we're continuing to support the health of the supply chain. While we are seeing continued improvements, there are areas that remain challenged where we are dedicating resources, including suppliers, who provide structural castings and rocket motors. Two critical areas that continue to pace our recovery. And as I mentioned back in October, we continue to see headwinds due to the actions we have taken to preserve the improved funded status of our pension plans, as well as the recognition of historical asset experience. And finally, we're keeping an eye on the U.S. and global tax environment, congressional action on the fiscal year 24 budget, and of course the broader geopolitical and macroeconomic environment. So with that backdrop, let me tell you how this translates to our financial outlook for the year on slide eight. At the RTX level, we expect another year of solid growth and adjusted sales, segment operating profit, and earnings per share, along with continued strength and free cash flow. Before I get into the details, let me share with you a couple of key assumptions embedded in our outlook as it relates to the two dispositions we announced last year. First, with respect to the Raytheon cybersecurity business, we have assumed that this transaction will close here in the first quarter. Therefore, on a reported basis, we will see about a $1.3 billion year-over-year reduction in reported sales, and about an $80 million year-over-year headwind to operating profit. The Collins 24 outlook still includes the actuation business as we continue to work on the business disposition. So with that, starting with sales at the RTX level, we expect full-year 2024 sales of between $78 billion and $79 billion, which translates to organic growth of between 7% and 8% year-over-year. From an earnings perspective, we expect adjusted EPS of between $5.25 and $5.40, and that's up 4% to 7% year-over-year. And we expect to generate free cash flow of about $5.7 billion for the year. And despite only being up $200 million year-over-year, there were strong operational improvement. So let me take you through the moving pieces. First, we're expecting strong segment profit growth and working capital improvement to drive $2.3 billion of improvement year-over-year. Embedded in that is about a $100 million headwind on higher CapEx in 24 as we continue to invest in capacity expansion, digital transformation, and operational modernization. Payments related to powder metal impacts are expected still be a headwind of about $1.3 billion. Well also see a net headwind of about $500 million, primarily from higher interest expense principally from the debt we issued to fund the ASR. And finally a headwind of about $300 million from lower pension cash recovery. Now let me turn to our EPS walk, starting at the segment level, operating profit growth of about 16% is expected to result in approximately $0.72 of EPS growth at the midpoint of our outlook range. With respect to pension while markets have improved since our call in October there will still be a headwind of about $0.36 year-over-year. And as I just mentioned, given the increased debt outstanding, interest expense will be a $0.30 headwind. A lower average outstanding share count resulting from our recent ASR will provide a tailwind of about $0.37. And finally, our tax rate in 24 is expected to be approximately 19.5% versus the 18.5% in 2023. This combined with higher corporate investments in digital transformation will result in a $0.16 headwind year-over-year. All of this brings us to our outlook range 5.25 to 5.40 per share. Okay with that lets go to slide nine, to get into our outlook by segment where we expect continued organic sales and earnings growth across all three businesses. Starting with Collins we expect full-year sales to be up mid to high-single-digits on both an adjusted and organic basis, primarily driven by both widebody and narrowbody commercial or reproduction ramps and continued commercial aftermarket. Military sales at Collins are expected to be up low to mid-single-digits for the year. With respect to Collins adjusted operating profit, we expected to grow between $650 million and $725 million versus last year. This is primarily driven by drop through on higher volume across all three channels, as well as higher pricing and the benefit from continued costs reduction initiatives. Turning to Pratt & Whitney, we expect full-year sales to be up low-double-digits on an adjusted and organic basis versus prior year driven by higher OE deliveries in Pratts large commercial engine and Pratt Canada businesses, as well as continued growth in shop visits across legacy large commercial engines, GTF, and Pratt Canada. Military sales at Pratt are expected to be up mid-single-digits driven by higher F-135 sustainment volume as heavy overhauls continue to ramp. As a result, we expect Pratt's adjusted operating profit to grow between $400 million and $475 million versus last year primarily on commercial aftermarket drop through and military growth, which will be partially offset by higher large commercial OE deliveries. And at Raytheon, on our organic basis, we expect sales to grow low to mid-single-digits versus 2023, as we deliver our backlog and continue to see supply chain improvement. Adjusted operating profit at Raytheon is expected to be up between $100 million and $200 million versus prior year driven by drop through on higher volume and improvement in productivity, which will be partially offset by mix headwinds. Keep in mind we'll see about $80 million of year-over-year headwind from the divestiture of the cybersecurity business this year. And to wrap up our outlook at the RTX level, higher intercompany activity will increase sales eliminations by about 10% year-over-year. And we've included an outlook for some of the below the line items and pension in the webcast appendices. Finally, let me make a few comments on our 2025 financial commitments. As you know, there have been some significant changes in the macro environment since we first established these long-term targets, impacts ranging from Russian sanctions, elevated inflation, issues with labor availability, and of course the associated disruptions throughout the supply chain. And we continue to take incremental actions to further reduce costs, realign our business units, increasing pricing, and investing in productivity improvements to combat these headwinds. Other factors underlying our long-term assumptions however have been also positive, such as the pace of the commercial air recovery and demand for our defense products and services. All that said despite those puts and takes we continue to expect Collins and Pratt to be within the sales and operating profit 2020 to 2025 growth targets we discussed last year at our Investor Day. However, because of the recent performance at Raytheon, we are recalibrating our outlook for this segment. When taking into account divestitures, we now expect the 2020 to 2025 annual growth rate for adjusted sales to be between 3% and 3.5% that's down slightly from our previous expectation of 3.5% to 4.5% for the same period and driven largely by the initiatives we talked about upfront it will take some time to convert over the next couple of years. As you know, demand remains strong and our robust backlog will continue to support significant top-line growth going forward. Similarly, with respect to Raytheon's adjusted operating profit growth, given the continued productivity challenges we described, we now see Raytheon's 2020 to 2025 annual growth rate to be between 1% and 2.5%, which is down from our prior outlook of between 5.5% to 7.5%. As a result of this segment change, we now see the RTX level adjusted sales annual growth rate from 2020 through 2025 to be between 5.5% and 6% on an organic basis, that's down slightly from our prior outlook of between 6% and 7%. And taking into account the adjustment to Raytheon's operating profit outlook, we now see overall RTX adjusted margin expansion to be between 500 and 550 basis points between 2020 and 2025. And that's down from our prior outlook of between 550 and 650 basis points. However, importantly, there is no change to our RTX 2025 free cash flow target of $7.5 billion, as we remain confident in the significant cash generating capability of our businesses and we are continuing to drive structural cost reduction and working capital improvements as we invest in the business and deliver on our commitment to return $36 billion to $37 billion of capital to share owners with the date of the merger through 25. So with that, I'll hand it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thanks, Neil. On slide 10, let me just wrap this up. I know we've covered a lot of ground today, but I know there's some key takeaways that everybody should focus on here. Obviously, 2023 was a challenging year. The earnings performance of our Raytheon business obviously was disappointing, as was the Pratt powder metal issue. But importantly, demand remains strong across both of our commercial and defense markets. 11% organic growth in 2023 is just the beginning. With the strength of our $196 billion backlog, we're confident that we'll continue to see strong organic sales and earnings growth, along with accelerated free cash flow generation over the coming years. I believe we have the best positioned A&D portfolio, industry-leading franchises, and robust demand for our products and technologies. This positions us well for the future. Secondly, we're intensely focused on execution to support our customers and to drive operational performance improvement. We're clearly going to face challenges this year with the continued ramp of the supply chain and the impact of higher costs. But everyone at RTX is working tirelessly to overcome these obstacles and ensure that we deliver on our commitments. Lastly, we're staying disciplined and managing the business to continue investing in differentiated technologies and innovation, strengthening our balance sheet all while continuing to return significant capital to our share owners. I want to close again by thanking all the RTX employees, who have been working diligently every single day over the last year to deliver on our mission to create a safer, more connected world. With that, let's go ahead and open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Please go ahead, Robert.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Chris, inevitably a first question on the GTF situation. It does sound like some things have moved since your update in October. And I think you mentioned that the scheduling of the AOG looks like it's going to be slightly different profile and also there could be a related cash impact of that? So I don't know if you could give us some more color on that to development?
Chris Calio: Yes, you bet Rob and good morning. So we did say here this morning that we do expect the peak to continue to be here in Q1 in terms of AOGs and then tread downward thereafter. Again, we think that peak is going to come down a bit since our initial assessment, because really two reasons. One, timing of the AED has shifted a bit to the right. And then two, customers took some proactive fleet planning and decided to, in some cases, accelerate some of their removals. They were doing their fleet planning for the year. They were pairing engines and doing all those things to make them more efficient. So again, peak here in Q1, trend downward after that and then it'll be more of a steady state as we talked about in our October and September guides on the matter. You mentioned a little bit on cash being pushed out. Again, that was the dynamic time as we're going through and having discussions with our customers on special support. We've made some progress on special support. I think we've talked about that upfront. We've signed several agreements with our customers, some important customers with large fleets. But the timing of that cash just simply moved out from the second-half of 23 into 24. Same total aggregate amount from 6 to 7, but the timing moved a little bit to the right for the reasons I talked about.
Robert Stallard: Thanks, Chris.
Chris Calio: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr of Cowen. Your question, please, Cai.
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes, thanks so much. So your cash flow hit from the powdered metal issue is $300 million higher in 20 than you said. Can you tell us how big was the impact in 23 and are we still going to be at $3 billion and therefore there's a plus of $300 million pickup in 25? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Hey, Cai. Good morning, it's Neil. Yes, and I'll take that one. So, you know, as Chris was just talking about when we closed out 23, for a variety of reasons, the cash flows shifted to the right. So the impact in 23 for powdered metal related dispersion was essentially zero. So we moved about half of that into 2024, that's the $1.3 billion that you're seeing. Still holding a $1.5 billion in our 25 outlook. And then we see the rest spilling into early 2026. So we'll continue to work, obviously, the agreements with our customers, and that will drive the ultimate timing of the payments, but you can see our assumptions that we've laid out there.
Cai Von Rumohr: Thank you very much.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Your question, please, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, everyone. I can't help, but compare and contrast given GE just reported this morning and they're talking about margins being flattish in aerospace based on OE mix and LEAP services mix? So, you know, just looking at Pratt, can you talk about the dynamics there given GTF volumes are growing, early GTF shops as it's climbed higher? So what drives margins 100 basis points higher? What's embedded into the guide? Neil, you gave great color on the revenue assumption. Can you give some assumptions on maybe the aftermarket specifics on the margins as well as the military overalls increasing? Is that beneficial?
Neil Mitchill: Sure, thanks Sheila. Let me share a couple of other details that we didn't get into in the prepared remarks. So we did talk about the overall sales of Pratt being up in the low-double-digit range, you know, $400 million to $475 million of operating profit. The aftermarket sales are going to be up sort of low-teens. So the drop through on the aftermarket is going to be the principal driver of the year-over-year profit increase. We talked a lot about expanding the margins on our, you know, both our legacy and GTF aftermarket as we increase the volumes there. And so some of that will start to show up in 24 and that's a driver of drop through. On the OE side, we think the sales are going to be up in the mid-teens range. The good news there, as we look at engine productions, which think about that as up about 20%, we'll see about a headwind of maybe $125 million associated with that higher volume. So we're getting much better absorption as the volumes return back to levels that we had seen pre-pandemic and that we've been capacitized to. So I think that's another place that we're going to get some margin expansion. And then again, I'm not sure we got into this, but military will be up in the mid-single-digit range. I'd say again, we had 5% growth on the top line there. And of course, that comes with good drop through too, you know, as we get into 2024. So that's the Pratt story as we look into 2024, just a little more color there.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research. Your question, please, Myles?
Myles Walton: Thanks, good morning. I was wondering, maybe Neil, if you can comment on the offset to the lower implied earnings drop through from the 25 guidance? What was the offset to allow you to maintain the cash flow there? And maybe Chris, what by the end of, say, 24 would you have achieved in terms of incorporation of fully life parts into the fleet? Just as a metric, maybe we can sort of monitor by it? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Myles. Good morning. Let me start, let me maybe start to frame the answer to that question with a little bit of an updated walk between 23 and 25 on free cash flow to get to the $7.5 billion. And then I'll talk about, you know, what obviously offset the reduction in the profit as part of that. So, as we look from 23 of $5.5 billion, that $2 billion increase is going to come principally from, you know, what I would call operational growth, about $4.8 billion, $2.9 billion of which is going to come from the pre-tax segment operating profit, and you pointed out that, that will be lower than our prior guide, and that's around the midpoint. The remaining growth is going to come from working capital improvement, about $2.2 billion, about half of which we will deal with here in 24 as we look to hold our inventory flat. So our 23 headwind operationally was about $600 million, so we're looking year-over-year to improve that. And then we'll have about a half of the, I'm sorry, $400 million of CapEx between 23 and 25, so that'll be a headwind. And then I just talked about the $1.5 billion powdered metal impact and about $1 billion headwind that split pretty evenly between -- sorry pretty evenly between interest and improvement in taxes and then finally a few $100 million of pension headwind. All of that should get you to $7.5 billion. So what's changed as we look out to 2025, there's been really three things that are different. The first is we've got about $1 billion net of tax lower operating profit baked into this long-term guide. But that's been offset by about $700 million of improvement in taxes, most notably on the back of improvements in our R&D position, as well as a $200 million based on the assumptions we see today with respect to our pension outlays. And then a little bit of additional working capital. So those are the key drivers.
Chris Calio: And I'll talk to you now about the full life incorporations. As we said upfront, I think we had made this commitment early on in September, October timeframe, full life powder metal parts in OE, so at our customers final assembly lines, starting this year. So that's a good thing. Keep in mind the OE engines have the latest build standard and so when you add in the full life parts to those you get the maximum time on wing for the customers and also keep in mind that means that the full life parts will go into our spare engines, which are going out to lift the fleet again, maximizing the time on the wing. On the MRO side, what we said was we were going to start the incorporation in Q2 of this year. We actually started that a little bit earlier. We've found opportunities to put full life parts into MRO where we think it makes the most sense from a time on link perspective. As we said early on in the year, we're not going to get all of our shop visits with full life parts. We're going to ramp throughout the year where we don't incorporate the full life parts into MRO. We're going to continue to obviously inspect those parts with the angle scan inspection that we developed and they will be put back into service until the next inspection interval. And keep in mind, one of the things that we've been doing is just looking at the build standard and the interval for each of these engines that are coming in. There are opportunities to sort of match up just based on the condition of the engine and where it is and where it flies in terms of the environment. A part that's been inspected that's not at full life, match it up with an engine that's going to be coming in for another reason around that same time, so you're not actually driving you know an incremental visit. So again that's sort of the algorithm that we're kind of going through each and every day with the Pratt team to sort of maximize our allocation in the full life parts. But the MRO will be a ramp throughout the year. I think ultimately we'll get to roughly the same place that we had assumed we would had we started in Q2, but it'll be a ramp throughout the year. And all of that's been factored into our outlook.
Myles Walton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird. Please go ahead, Peter.
Peter Arment: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Hey, Chris, on Raytheon, you talked about some of the headwinds. Could you maybe give us a little more color on just where we are in terms of the profile of the fixed price development programs and whether we're peaking now? And then kind of related to all this just is when should we start to see more of that mixed shifts from more of the FMS that you kind of talked about where we could see some better pricing flow in terms? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Yes, okay. Thanks Peter. So again as we talked about the productivity issues at Raytheon, about 70%, as we said upfront, were in the fixed price development programs. And I'll characterize some of these, Peter, as in some cases these are contracts that we took on that maybe weren't in our core capability suite, and we signed up for requirements and other specifications that were really, really difficult. And so it's taken us some time to continue to work through those. In some cases, what we're doing, Peter, is we're taking subject matter experts from across the company and just adding resources to these programs. It adds a little bit of expense, obviously, but I think in the long-term, it gets the capabilities of the customer faster and ultimately is better financially for us and for the customer. And then in some cases on these fixed price development programs, we're having discussions with customers about either restructuring specifications or altering the requirements in a way that still get capability that's needed and that's helpful. But you can get to them, frankly, in a shorter period of time and with a better financial profile. Those conversations continue to go. I'll tell you that we will, got a handful here that we're still going to be powering through in 2024 and see that horizon getting better in the next 12 to 18 months as we go through certain milestones, Peter and satisfy some contractual requirements. We then get into a different phase of the agreement and feel better about our ability to go and execute.
Neil Mitchill: Chris, maybe I would add Just a couple of the financial points around our assumptions, financially going into 2024. As you think about the $100 million to $200 million profit increase, the first thing I would say is in 23, we had about a $240 million headwind associated with these negative productivity. As you said two-thirds, 70% associated with these fixed-price development programs, principally a couple of them. As we look to 24, our assumption is that our absolute value of productivity is zero. So we'll see about a $200 million improvement year-over-year. We'll see about $100 million at the midpoint from volume and a little bit of headwind as the lower margins roll through the backlog in 24. And that's what we've contemplated both in the 24 and the 25 outlook. All of that gets you down to our guide, of course, is that $80 million ahead I talked about. And as you kind of look into 25, our productivity assumption is about $100 million step up. So again, this business at one-time generated $300 million, $400 million, $500 million a year of productivity. But we need some time for that to play through to see those kinds of margins. But 2025 would not mark the peak of where we see Raytheon's margin potential.
Peter Arment: Appreciate it. Thanks, Chris, yes.
Chris Calio: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Chris Calio: Hey, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Neil, just want to make sure I have the -- I guess, the starting point and the implied margin correct in this new $500 million to $550 million, 20 to 25, so given restatements and the like. So I'm looking at 2020 segment operating margin all in of $8.2 implying that the 25 is $13.2 to $13.7, so is that correct? And then can you just talk a little more about getting there from this 24 guidance it would seem to either require a pretty nice step up in the Raytheon defense margin or acceleration in the incrementals at Pratt and Collins or all of the above?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Noah. So as you kind of look at the multi-year outlook here, what we've done at the top end is we've tightened up the range a little bit for the RTX sales and margin. We still see Collins and Pratt being within the ranges we talked about. Frankly, the drivers are all the same that we talked about six months ago and the last quarter as well. The aftermarket is going to fuel that. We're going to get better absorption and we'll see the benefits of lower spending on investments we've been making to drive cost reduction and the benefit of that cost reduction. So if you put all that, that's going to put Pratt and Collins in that range, probably closer towards the middle of the high-end of that range. And then we just talked about the Raytheon pieces altogether. So I think at the midpoint, when you take into account the dispositions that we've either completed or have announced, you'll see that our margin assumption at the RTX level is about the same as where we were projecting before these tweaks for the Raytheon recalibration.
Noah Poponak: Okay, and just to make sure I have your -- you said to Myles correct, in the $5.7 million of free cash this year and the $7.5 million next year, each of those assumes about $1 billion of positive change in working capital each year, is that right?
Neil Mitchill: That's correct. And as you think about from 23 to 24, inventory is going to essentially, our plan is to stay flat, that will be about 80% of what generates that year-over-year working capital benefit in 24. And then as you look to 25, you know, we'll see continued improvement in inventory, as well as the benefit of customer advances. So we've realized a lot of customer advances over the last couple of years. They will burn down. And then as we see these international orders come back in, you'll see that pick up in the year 25.
Noah Poponak: Okay, thanks very much.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned of Bernstein & Company. Please go ahead, Doug.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you. It sounded, from what you said, Chris, that you made some good progress on the AOG profile here for the GTF. But when you look at your customer base, you may have some who find that a high number of AOGs could put their financial performance at risk. Whether or not those issues are caused by Pratt, you could easily be targeted for responsibility. You already have the earlier go-first lawsuit. So how do you think about the risk for you with airlines that could be in a stressed financial position? And maybe more difficult perhaps than how you might normally compensate a customer?
Chris Calio: Yes, thanks Doug. I mean, first of all, I'll tell you that we are engaging with our customers each and every day to try to figure out how best to support them, whether that's through induction, whether that's through special support, whether that's the spare engine allocation, whatever it may be. And you're right, Doug, there are some customers out there, 10 to 12, I think, as we've talked about before, they're going to be more impacted than others. There's some that are all Pratt fleets, whether it be GTF and V2500. So again, working very hard with them to come up with a compensation structure relative to the powdered metal AOG situation. That's fair, and that can give them a little bit of lift. Obviously, it won't make up for all of the disruption that they're having in their fleet and all of the things that they've got to do to accommodate for these removals. But again, doing the best we can to come up with a fair set of compensation structures to help out during these trying times. And then, of course, communicate with them consistently about what we're seeing in terms of the assumptions that we're talking about here. Full life incorporation, MRO, MRO output, all the things that are going to drive better fleet support for them. So obviously don't want to be in a position where we're putting our customers in harm's way and where they're going to be very upset with us and want to take action. But I'll tell you, we've got a track record of coming to agreement with our customers on some of the more difficult problems we've faced. I'm confident we're going to be able to do it again.
Doug Harned: And if I can, are you seeing any improvement in the time, the induction time to get these engines in the shop as part of this AOG profile?
Chris Calio: Right now, Doug, the wing-to-wing turnaround time remains consistent with what we had talked about previously. I will tell you, and we kind of alluded to this earlier, we are continuing to aggressively pursue with our aftermarket partners. Again, we've got some Tier 1 aftermarket providers as part of the GTF aftermarket network trying to come up with, you know, what I would call light or medium type work scopes that can take the, you know, in shop time, down further. Again, trying to maximize the time on wing, just depends on the operator, depends on the condition of the engine, but we're aggressively pursuing a number of work scopes that can take the in-shop time down. In addition, I think you've heard us talk about this before, we've industrialized a significant number of repairs on the GTF, I want to say about 1,300 in 2023. We've got another significant step up here in 2024 [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Your question, please, David.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Chris Calio: Good morning.
David Strauss: Wanted to ask, what exactly is the bottleneck, Chris, to be able to ramp up production of full-life discs, given that I think the powdered metal switch occurred a while ago I guess I'm just kind of confused there why it's not easier to ramp up the production of these full-life discs? And then could you touch on what you're expecting for large commercial engine deliveries in 24 and your confidence in being able to meet Airbus's requirements? Thanks.
Chris Calio: Sure. So, you know, as we talked about, David, the powdered metal value stream, we're asking it, both our own shops and our supply chain, to step up significantly here so that we can incorporate into MRO, as we talked about earlier, and in OE. So much more than that value stream clearly had anticipated mid-year last year. Again, we feel like we've got pretty adequate forging capacity within our own four walls and with the supply chain. But again, we've got to continue to ramp up inspection capacity. We've got to ramp up machining capacity, all critical parts of that value stream. And I'll tell you, as you ramp up, and we saw this in 2019 as we were ramping and we're ramping up again here, as you take these parts to a volume that our supply chain wasn't necessarily anticipating and that we weren't necessarily anticipating, you've got to continue to double down on the fundamentals, the quality, the yield, the tooling, and the maintenance, all the things that are instrumental in enabling that volume jump. So, again, I would say we've made solid progress thus far in our, you know, generally tracking to where we thought we would be. But again, we've got to continue to step up throughout the year, especially as we want to increase the number of full life parts we put into MRO. To your question about Airbus, I think Neil said it before, up about 20% year-over-year here in 24. And again, we have discussions with Airbus all the time. They understand the fleet condition. They understand where we're ramping on powdered metal parts and the like. And so, we feel good about our ability to meet the commitment we made to them here in 2024.
David Strauss: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein of Bank of America. Please go ahead, Ronald.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Ron.
Ronald Epstein: Just change the subject a little bit. Everybody seems to be talking about the powdered metal thing. And Collins, Collins outlook looks really good. Can you give some color around how much of that is being driven by widebody and interiors and if you're starting to really see a pickup there. Because the one thing that we're all kind of waiting for is the pickup in the widebody market. And that interior's business is generally a good leading indicator of what's going on.
Greg Hayes: Let me start, Ron, and maybe Chris can add something. Let me give you a couple details first. On the aftermarket side at Collins, we expect that to be up high-single-digits to low-double-digits, I'd say 10% or more. On the OE side, mid to high-single-digits. And we're going to see, as everyone knows, about 40% incrementals there. And yes, wide body is going to be a big driver. So as we've seen a lot of narrow body, I'll call it catch up in growth over the last couple of years, we do expect that to shift to the widebody. Now keep in mind on the widebody OE side for Collins, the margins are a bit thinner there, but it does set us up for good longer term projections, especially as you get into 25 and 26 and beyond, as that comes off warranty and converts to aftermarket. Around the interior business, I think Steve Tim had said this back in June, that business is growing, but it's nowhere near levels of 2019. And so we don't see that coming back until about 2026. So the good news is, you know, there's a lot of runway there. And we are seeing a lot of activity there. So I think that will be a growth driver. But clearly, we're starting to see a bit more of a shift from narrow body into wide body as we go into the next couple of years.
Chris Calio: Yes, maybe the only thing I would add to that, Ron, is that Steve and team are very focused on the transformation within interiors. I think there's some opportunity to consolidate sites, to continue to remove ERP systems. As you know, there's been an integration that's been going on in that interiors business in particular. So I think a lot of good work on continuing to transform the cost footprint in the interiors business. So when that volume continues to come back, it'll be at the types of margins that you would expect.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. Got it. And have you guys seen any airlines, any customers yet requesting retrofits and upgrades to interiors on their existing widebody fleets?
Greg Hayes: You know, Ron, that's actually an ongoing process. We're in the process of working with a number of airlines as they are going through their retrofit. And keep in mind, that is a three- to five-year process to upgrade these things. So we are still finishing out things that we had signed up for back in 2018, 2019. But again, as Neil said, the business is coming back. But given the long cycle nature of these upgrades, you're not going to see a heck of a lot of that in 24, more than 25 and certainly more than 26.
Ronald Epstein: Got it, cool. All right, thank you very much.
Chris Calio: Welcome. Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JP Morgan. Your question please, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Yes, thanks. So, good morning. Maybe just following up on Collins and kind of the growth outlook for this year when we think about how much OE production rates are rising. We think about the strengths in the aftermarket. What's the potential for upside on the top line there? And I guess how much is a drag on the military business? It's a pretty significant chunk of the portfolio and given the growth rate in the second-half and what you're forecasting overall for 24, it seems like maybe this isn't a business that's really a military business that's going to participate in the budget growth and outlay growth that we're seeing now?
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Seth. Let me start, I wouldn't characterize the defense business within Collins as a drag. I think the defense business in 23 was flat at the top line and it experienced a lot of the same issues we've been talking about on the Raytheon side in terms of the impacts of inflation, the delays in the supply chain. But as we look to 24, we're going to see, I'd say, healthy growth there, low to mid-single-digits as we catch up and the supply chain catches up and we burn down the overdue there. And I think we're really well positioned on a lot of strategic platforms. Remember, we moved businesses from the Raytheon segment into the Collins Mission Systems business to create more synergistic opportunity there. And I think that's really taking hold and there's a lot of good proposal activity there. So I think it's a great fit. It's in the right place in Collins. More broadly, I think just talking about the aftermarket potential at Collins, very strong, but we just put up some significant numbers there with aftermarket of 26% and provisioning up 42% on a full-year. So clearly there's been a surge in aftermarket over the last year, and so we're dealing with some very difficult compares. And on the OE side, we'll start to see that growth moderate, but again, still on the back of some really strong 17% growth in 23. So I think Collins is well positioned and I think the defense business is a good fit and it's in the right place there for it right now.
Chris Calio: Again, I'll just add, much like the interiors, I think Steve and team have a plan to continue to drive structural cost reduction within Collins to help, you know, margin expansion. We've talked about, you know, moving engineering presence to best cost locations by 2025 by significant number, same with manufacturing hours. So a lot of Center of Excellence activity going on in Collins that will continue to help with their cost footprint and support the margin expansion.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much.
Chris Calio: Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for calling in and listening today. As always, Jennifer and her investor relations team will be available all day to answer whatever further questions you might have. So with that, thank you and have a wonderful day. Take care.
Operator: This now concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the RTX Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Calio, President and Chief Operating Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast live on the internet, and there is a presentation available for download from RTX website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net non-recurring and or significant items, often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners, that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTX SEC filings, including its forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone opportunity to participate. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Gregory J. Hayes: All right. Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we start, I want to spend just a minute acknowledging the tragic situation playing out in Israel today. It has been devastating to see what has unfolded there over the last couple of weeks and our thoughts and prayers are with the people impacted including the thousands of RTX employees that call Israel home. With that said, let me turn to an update on our end markets. On the commercial aero side, air travel demand remains strong. We're seeing solid air traffic growth with global revenue passenger miles essentially back to 2019 levels and domestic air travel well above 2019 levels. We also expect strong demand for holiday and business travel for the remainder of the year, supporting continued aftermarket strength for both wide-body and narrow-body aircraft. On the defense side, the elevated threat environment is continuing to drive increased defense spending globally. Just one example in the quarter, the United States approved moving forward with the sale of F-35 aircraft to South Korea. That's estimated to be worth about $5 billion and will support further growth with this customer for F-35 content for years to come. Additionally, the U.S. State Department approved a significant sale to Spain for the Patriot air and missile defense systems earlier this month. And that's expected to include approximately $1 billion of Raytheon content. And as Russia's invasion of Ukraine unfortunately continues, we are seeing significant demand from the U.S. and our allies for advanced air defense systems and munitions. During this past quarter, this included additional orders for NASAMS, Excalibur, which are precision guided artillery shells, Stinger anti-aircraft munitions, and TOW anti-tank guided missiles. Domestically, despite what we've seen over the last few weeks in DC, we remain confident that there is bipartisan support for increased defense spending and RTX continues to be well-positioned across all three of our businesses. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney. Let me give you an update on the powdered metal manufacturing quality matter. Our efforts to-date have been heavily focused on ensuring the safety of our engines. As you saw in the press release this morning, we have finalized the charge recorded here in the quarter, which is in-line with what we had previously disclosed. So, just a few thoughts on the powdered metal issue. Through the early stages of removals and inspections of the PW1100 engine, which powers the A320 Neo aircraft, our outlook both financially and operationally remains consistent with our expectations. We've also made significant progress on the safety assessments for the other Pratt & Whitney powered fleets. That includes the PW1500, which powers the A220, the PW1900 which powers the Embraer E2, and the V2500, which powers the legacy A320. With the analyses substantially complete, we do not expect any significant incremental financial impact as a result of those fleet management plans. The focus of both Pratt & Whitney and the entire RTX organization is on maintaining the trust of our customers, and our partners, and we are relentlessly working to improve upon the plans we have in place today. As I said to many of you over the last few months, we remain confident in the future of RTX because the demand for our products is robust, our end markets remain resilient across both commercial aerospace and defense, and our team is laser focused on driving performance excellence to meet our customer needs. Our backlog is now a record $190 billion with a pipeline of both existing franchises and new technology developments. As we always have, we continue to actively manage our portfolio. As you saw this morning, we reached an agreement to sell Raytheons cyber services business and a cash sale for approximately $1.3 billion, which combined with the recently announced sale of Collins actuation business, this will generate approximately $3 billion of gross proceeds in 2024. So with that, let's turn to slide two. As we also announced this morning, our Board has approved a $10 billion accelerated share repurchase program or ASR, which we will be initiating tomorrow. Simply put, we see a significant discount between the intrinsic value of RTX and our current stock price. The long-term outlook of the GTF remained strong, and Pratts franchises extend well beyond the GTF. The V2500 has about 6,000 engines still flying and is in the sweet spot of its aftermarket cycle. Pratt Canada continues to be the world's premier small engine manufacturer with an installed base of more than 60,000 engines. And the military business of Pratt is the sole provider of engines the fifth generation fighters. Collins, has a great portfolio, with 70% of their product line serving is number one or two in their segments, and strong margin expansion opportunities. And lastly, our newly combined Raytheon segment has an incredible number of well-established franchises along with a growing portfolio of next generation technologies. This includes LTAMDS, which is the next generation Patriot Defense System, and the Hypersonic Attack Cruise Missile or HACM. Given the fundamental strength of the company and growth opportunities ahead, our Board recently approved an $11 billion authority to repurchase RTX shares. This includes $10 billion through an ASR program to help capture some of that value more immediately. The new authorization replaces the companys previous program, which was approved in December of 2022. This ASR of course is on top of the $2.6 billion we've already repurchased year-to-date. Altogether, this will increase our capital return commitment to share owners to $36 billion to $37 billion through 2025 from the time of the merger. That's up from our previous range of $33 billion to $35 billion. As I said, this ASR program will commence almost immediately and will be funded through a combination of short and long-term debt. And importantly, we'll begin the process of deleveraging in 2024 in parts supported by the proceeds from the recently announced dispositions that I just mentioned. So despite near-term headwinds, the future of RTX remains bright and we remain steadfast in our commitment to deliver long-term shareowner value. With that, let me hand it over to Chris, to provide additional color on the Pratt matters and to cover the Q3 highlights.
Christopher Calio: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'm on slide three. As Greg said, the powdered metal situation is our top priority. The bottom line is that our outlook for managing both the fleet impact and the financial impact remains intact since our last call, and our team continues to execute on our fleet management and recovery plans. Let me provide a few more details, and I'll start with the GTF. With respect to the PW1100, there is no change to the plan we outlined in our September call, the fleet management plan and financial estimates remain consistent with what we said six weeks ago, and our focus is on executing all elements of the fleet management plan, in particular, industrial output and material flow, MRO output and customer support. The first launch of the engine removals has occurred, and several of these engines were eligible for project visit work scope, and the turnaround time for these visits averaged roughly 35 days. While project visits will be a smaller portion of the overall shop visits, the turnaround time is encouraging, and our teams are continuing to identify further process improvements. And from a process perspective, additional bulletins will be released in the next few weeks that outline the life limits and repetitive inspection requirements that we detailed on our prior call. And just by way of background, it is common practice for a fleet management plan to be communicated through multiple service bulletins and airworthiness directives, to address different engine models, compliance times, or components and sections of the engine. Now let me share some details on our other GTF programs. For the PW1500 and the PW1900, we will institute a fleet management plan that will largely fit inside the shop visit plans that are already in place for these fleets. We believe the financial impact will be significant and has contemplated in our current contract estimates and the financial outlook for Pratt. As part of this plan, we will place a shorter life limit on certain early configuration parts, and an inspection requirement at about 5,000 cycles for current configuration parts. There will be some incremental AOGs in the first half of 2024, we believe these will be largely mitigated by the end of the year. Regulators and airframers are aligned with this recommendation , we expect the service bulletin implementing these actions will be released beginning in November, followed by airworthiness directives. Let me now turn to the V2500. And as a reminder, we've had a fleet management and inspection plan in place since 2021. We're going to augment this plan by accelerating certain inspections, but expect this too will have very little impact operationally or financially. It will result in a total of roughly 100 or less incremental removals stretched out over the next four years. The majority of these visits having a project visit work scope. Again, very manageable given the size of the V2500 fleet, the number of spare engines available, and engines in the market with available Green Time. All of this is contemplated in our current contract estimates and Pratt's financial outlook. This action will be communicated through a service bulletin to be released in the November timeframe. And lastly, turning to the F135, the joint program office is reviewing our fleet management plan recommendation which we believe will have limited, if any, operational impact on the customer. We continue to evaluate the balance of the Pratt fleet containing powdered metal, and expect any fleet management plan updates, if needed, to have limited impact. With our fleet management plans largely set, let me turn to the operational initiatives we are focused on to support our customers, increasing capacity and reducing turn times in our MRO shops, and ramping up the production of new full life powdered metal parts. First, with respect to MRO, we're accelerating previously planned investments in the GTF network to increase capacity and bring more shops online to support our customers. Just last month, Pratt announced they're adding capacity at their Singapore engine center which will be Pratt's third facility expansion this year. And earlier this month, MRO shops operated by China Airlines and Korea Air inducted their first GTF engines. And by the end of the year, Iberia maintenance will also be joining the GTF aftermarket network. Once complete, this network will have 16 sites globally, having brought online six partner shops this year with plans for an additional three shops to come online by 2025, bringing the total to 19. This will enable the network to be able to conduct more than 2,000 annual shop visits in 2025 to support the global GTF fleet, a roughly fivefold increase from 2019. We're also leveraging our extensive knowledge and talent across RTX to drive process enhancements to help us improve turn times in our MRO shops compared to our baseline plan. This includes a cross functional team focused on part availability, repair development and industrialization and process improvements on the shop floor. Second, and as we said in September, our objective is to replace as many HPT and HPC discs as possible with full life discs when engines come in for a shop visit in order to maximize their time on wing when they leave the shop. As we've said before, we previously made the necessary powdered metal production in forging capacity investments and now are increasing our machining and inspection capacity. Our baseline plan today forecast Q2 2024 to get to run rate capacity for disc production, we are working to accelerate this timeline, which will allow us to replace an even larger portion of the fleet with full life parts. So to wrap up on powered metal, our fleet management plans on the most impacted fleets are largely complete. The financial impact has been reassessed and remains consistent with what we said our September 11th, call on this subject, and we are fully focused on executing these plans. I'll shift now to the third quarter highlights, which Neil will provide some additional color on in a few minutes. On an adjusted basis, organic sales grew 12%, our third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth and segment operating profit grew 15%. Adjusted EPS was in-line with our expectations at $1.25, with strong free cash flow of $2.8 billion in the quarter. Sales growth was again led by the continued commercial air traffic recovery with strong commercial OE growth of 26% and 25% commercial aftermarket growth, while defense sales were up 2% year-over-year. In the quarter, we captured $22 billion in new bookings and had a book-to-bill of 1.19 across RTX, bringing our backlog to a record $190 billion. Finally, Q3 was the first quarter we officially began operating in our realigned three business unit structure. We are continuing to develop initiatives to leverage our scale and breadth to better enable customer alignment and best-in-class cost structure. With respect to our 2023 outlook, with one quarter to go, we are raising both our reported and adjusted sales outlook for the year. On a reported basis, we expect sales to be approximately $68.5 billion, and on an adjusted basis, we expect sales to be approximately $74 billion, up about 10% organically versus the prior year. We're also tightening our EPS range and have incorporated a few cents of tax headwind from some recent IRS guidance around R&D capitalization, which Neil will discuss further. As a result, we now see adjusted EPS between $4.98 and $5.02 for the year. Additionally, we expect free cash flow for the year to improve by approximately $500 million, driven primarily by the IRS guidance I just mentioned, just favorable from a cash perspective, and we are therefore increasing our free cash flow outlook to approximately $4.8 billion. So with that, let me turn it over to Neil, to take you through the additional details on the quarter.
Neil G. Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. I'm on slide four. As you saw, we finalized our estimate for the PW1100 powered metal matter here in the third quarter, and have recorded a $5.4 billion sales charge our share of which resulted in a $2.9 billion operating profit impact. This is in-line with what we communicated in September, and resulted in reported sales of $13.5 billion in the third quarter. As Chris said, we had adjusted sales of $19 billion for the quarter up 12% organically versus the prior year. Growth was primarily driven by strong demand across our commercial OE and aftermarket businesses as OEMs continue to ramp production and airlines supported the busy summer travel season. We also saw positive growth in defense, as we continue to execute on our growing backlog. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations was a loss of $0.68 and included a $1.53 charge from the Pratt matter, as well as $0.40 from acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and other non-recurring and non-operational items. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.25 was up 3% year-over-year with higher segment operating profit partially offset by lower pension income, a higher effective tax rate and higher interest expense. As Chris alluded to you, the IRS recently provided guidance on R&D capitalization with respect to customer funded R&D for certain cost plus contracts. This means a portion of our previously capitalized R&D costs for tax purposes will now be currently deductible. While this will result in a slightly higher effective tax rate going forward and will reduce our cash tax payments. In the quarter, this resulted in about a $0.02 headwind to adjusted earnings per share for the full year, we expect this to be about $0.03 of headwind. Finally, as we had anticipated, we had strong free cash flow generation in the quarter of $2.8 billion which included a benefit of approximately $500 million from the IRS's R&D capitalization guidance, I just discussed. Now with that, let's turn to slide five, to get into the Q3 segment result. So before I begin, just a reminder, we are now reporting as three business units Collins, Pratt and Raytheon. Starting with Collins, adjusted sales were $6.7 billion in the quarter, up 17% on both an adjusted and organic basis, driven primarily by continued strength in commercial OE and aftermarket growth. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 30%, driven by a 35% increase in both provisioning, as well as parts and repair, while modifications and upgrades were up 9% in the quarter. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 6%. Commercial OE sales were up 27% versus the prior year, driven by growth in both narrow-body and wide-body platforms. And military sales were down 1% primarily due to the timing of deliveries. Adjusted operating profit of $1.04 billion was up $287 million or 38% in the prior year with drop through on higher commercial aftermarket and OE volume, partially offset by higher production costs, unfavorable military mix, and higher SG&A expenses. For the full year, given the continued strength in commercial OE and aftermarket, we now expect Collins sales range to be up low to mid-teens an increase from the previous range of up low double digits to low teens. With respect to operating profit, we are maintaining adjusted operating profit in our prior range of up $825 million to $875 million versus the prior year. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 6. As it relates to the powder metal matter for the PW1100, in September, we communicated that we expected the gross financial impact to be in the range of $6 billion to $7 billion with an expected Q3 pretax operating profit impact of approximately $3 billion. As I just mentioned in the third quarter, we recorded a $5.4 billion sales charge resulting in a $2.9 billion pretax operating profit impact, representing our net program share in line with where we expected. Recall, I mentioned that certain elements of the gross $6 billion to $7 billion cost will be booked upfront and the remainder will be booked over the remaining life of the contract. So looking at Pratt's quarterly results on an adjusted basis, sales of $6.3 billion were up 18% and 17% on an organic basis with sales growth across all three channels. Commercial OE sales were up 25% in the quarter, driven by higher engine deliveries and favorable mix in the large commercial engine business. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 21% in the quarter, driven by both higher volume and content as well as favorable mix in both the large commercial engine and Pratt & Whitney Canada businesses. And in the military business, sales were up 7% driven by higher F135 development and sustainment volume. Adjusted operating profit of $413 million was up $95 million from the prior year with drop through on higher commercial aftermarket sales partially offset by higher commercial OE volume, higher production costs, unfavorable military mix as well as higher R&D expenses. Looking ahead, due to higher commercial OE and military volume, we now expect Pratt's adjusted sales to be towards the higher end of our prior range, or up mid-teens versus prior year. Given the higher military sales, as well as better mix across OE and aftermarket, we're also increasing Pratt's adjusted operating profit from our prior range of up $200 million to $275 million to a new range of up $350 million to $400 million versus the prior year. Turning now to Raytheon on Slide 7. Sales of $6.5 billion in the quarter were up 3% on an adjusted and organic basis, primarily driven by higher volume in Naval Power programs, including AIM9X and Advanced Technology Classified programs. Adjusted operating profit of $570 million was down $124 million versus the prior year driven primarily by higher volume on lower margin programs and lower net program efficiencies including additional headwind on certain fixed price development programs. In addition, as expected, there was an unfavorable impact of about $20 million from a significant contract option exercised in the quarter. Raytheon had $7.4 billion of bookings in the quarter, including $1.9 billion in classified awards, a $412 million award for the next generation short range interceptor program, and a $383 million award for Hawk and Patriot sustainment. This resulted in a book to bill of 1.16 and backlog of $50 billion. Year-to-date, Raytheon has a book to bill of 1.17. For the full year, we continue to expect sales to be up low to mid-single digits with respect to operating profit while the supply chain continues to improve as evidenced by the increase in material receipts we have seen in the last three quarters, Raytheon continues to have productivity and mix challenges. These stem from a combination of the fixed price development programs we have previously discussed, as well as higher production costs. As a result, we're reducing Raytheon's adjusted operating profit from the prior range of up $125 million to $175 million to a new range of up $25 million to up $75 million versus the prior year. Before I hand it back to Greg, just a couple of comments on the environment for 2024. Overall, we anticipate another year of solid growth in organic sales, segment operating profit, margin and free cash flow. However, the level of free cash flow growth will be tempered by the step up in cash impacts associated with the powder metal matter, as well as some headwind from cash taxes related to R&D. While commercial air travel demand has been incredibly strong from passengers and airlines, we see growth beginning to normalize as we head into 2024, with RPKs back at 2019 levels and the year over year compares becoming more difficult. However, overall, we expect continued growth in OE and aftermarket including the on-going recovery of the wide body. On the defense side, we continue to expect strong international and domestic demand which is already driven at 2023 year to date book to bill of 1.22 and a record defense backlog that will continue to convert to solid growth over the next several years. While inflation has begun to moderate, there are still pockets that remain persistently high within our manufacturing base, we expect this to continue into the next year. We'll continue working all the mitigation actions we've had in place the past two years and will implement additional strategic initiatives to offset the pressure we expect to see in 2024. Finally, as you know, we have seen a lot of volatility in the financial markets and interest rates. We expect this to drive further pension headwind next year that could be about $0.45 on a year over year basis given current market conditions and the actions we are taking to preserve improved funded status of the pension plan. So obviously, a lot of moving pieces here, but we are focused on driving execution an aggressive cost reduction and remain optimistic as we look ahead towards 2024 and 2025. With that, I'll hand it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Gregory J. Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Neil. Let's just take a step back if we can for a minute. I know there's a lot of information we've given you today, but really I think there are three key takeaways from our discussion. First of all, I believe we have our arms around the operational and financial impacts of the powdered metal issue. Our focus at Pratt & Whitney and across RTX is now executing on those plans that Chris laid out. Secondly, strong demand continues in our end markets. That's evidenced by the 12% organic revenue growth we saw this quarter and the $190 billion backlog we ended the quarter with. Finally, we see tremendous value in RTX today and we're going to utilize our strong balance sheet to take advantage of this through a $10 billion ASR. With that, let me stop and open it up for questions.
Operator: In the interest of time and to allow for broader participation, you are asked to limit yourself to one question. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Gregory J. Hayes: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Hey, Greg. The last time you guys, on the update call September, you talked about kind of the headwinds that you would see in Pratt & Whitney margins as you look out kind of to the mid-decade. Has there been any change to that or you can just give us an update on how you think that progresses? Thanks.
Gregory J. Hayes: No, I think -- thanks, Peter. What we laid out, as you recall, back in September, we talked about the fact that some of the costs associated with the inspection interval, will end up in contract accounting at Pratt. And that'll depress margins on the aftermarket by about a point over time. Not significant, but its all contemplated in the Pratt guidance as we think about 2024, 2025.
Peter Arment: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Gregory J. Hayes: Thanks Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Gregory J. Hayes: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Can you spend a little more time on defense margins? I mean, I heard the specifics you noted in the quarter, but just you know, continues to move lower. Is there some bigger, broader thing happening at the at the end market level. And Neil, did you ever provide a new consolidated, once you consolidated the two segments, margin target that's in the 25s. And just, you know, as you, as you spoke to 24 earlier in the call, can you just kind of update us on how you're expecting that defense margin to progress into the middle of the decade from here.
Christopher Calio: Hey, Noah, it's Chris. Maybe I'll start and then ask Neil to talk about the consolidated Raytheon. First, in terms of the end markets, demand remains very robust. Here, Neil, talk about the 1.17 book to bill in the quarter, excuse me, year-to-date, the $7.4 billion in bookings in the quarter and the overall backlog of $50 billion. So really strong demand for the products. That said, we have had some headwinds. We've had some inflation hitting some fixed price programs. We've had a handful of challenging fixed price development contracts that have been a bit of a drag. That said, we have had some productivity gains in certain areas. As you might suspect, those mature higher volume programs, we have had some efficiency gains by leveraging supply chain with larger buys. And as we look forward, the supplier volume is growing. Labor attrition rates are decreasing, and frankly stabilizing. So those are some very positive signs as kind of we look forward in the defense business. And I'll say we just need to get through key milestones on those fixed price development contracts. We've talked about those on several calls now. And we've got some key milestones coming up over the next 12 months or so, that we've got to hit and get these programs through those milestones and then ultimately sold off.
Neil G. Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. Let me just pick up on that where you left off. We definitely did provide a consolidated view, you're looking at margins around the midpoint, a little bit north of 12% when you get into 2025. I think as we look at the backlog, and the mix of what we see the sales shifting to between now and then we talked about, this year being sort of the low point of our mix, more domestically focused that we see that increasing over the next couple of years to be bit heavier on the foreign side, not surprising given the demand signals that we're seeing. So those are going to be the key drivers that get us heading in that direction. What we do know is that we have a really large backlog, $50 billion on the defense side right now and expect that to continue to grow. And we're focused on executing as we transition a number of programs as Chris was alluding to from early production to full rate production and those programs mature. So we know the formula for driving productivity. We have seen some challenges this year. And I think on the development programs, we'll see that happen over the next 12 months, but that's the story longer term.
Noah Poponak: Is the rate of expansion in 2024 and 2025 similar, Neil, or is it more weighted to 2025?
Neil G. Mitchill: It's going to be more weighted to 2025. We've got, as you know, a growing backlog here, but that will play out in sales probably later next year and accelerating through 2025.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Hey Neil, maybe on the GTF, I'm looking forward, you're about to endeavor on something that looks pretty challenging in terms of 45% of the GTF powered A320 fleet on the ground. And managing all of the customers and their expectations and then you're on execution. I'm wondering, could you just lay out sort of the biggest risks in your screen that you're looking at? Is it part availability? Is it discovery of what incremental work might happen when you open up these engines? Is it maybe this MRO network coming online. There's just a lot balancing and maybe just a prioritization of the risk register would be helpful.
Christopher Calio: Myles, this is Chris. Maybe I'll kick it off. The single, I think, biggest lever that we've got here and you kind of alluded to it is MRO output. I mean, obviously, it's a challenging time for the customers. There's going to be a fair amount of the aircraft on the ground. We've got to accelerate MRO output. And the key parts of those are capacity and material flow. On the capacity side, you heard about the expansions that we're doing both within the Pratt shops and across the network. In terms of material flow, you've heard us talk about this before, our objective is to put in full life HPT and HPC disks at these shop visits. And we've got to go continue to ramp those up. Again, that ramp up is well underway and progressing in key process steps like the powdered metal production, forging and heat treat. Investments have already been made and that capacity is in place. And then for more downstream processes like sonic inspection and machining, we're accelerating capacity there to make sure that we can meet this demand. And so some of this performed by Pratt and our partners and some by third parties. But again, very, very focused on the inspection capacity and the machining capacity. But at the end of the day, MRO output is what's going to support our customers and ultimately take down the AOGs and therefore take down the penalties we're going to have to pay to our customers.
Myles Walton: Just a quick follow-up. Is that 19 number in 2025 of MRO shops different than your target earlier this year, I think it's the same. And so maybe just what has changed in terms of MRO network expansion?
Christopher Calio: Yeah. Fair enough. It is the same, but we've accelerated as best we can. Some of these investments, I mean, they were in our plan. We've accelerated as much of that spend as we can. And again, it's bringing on the inspection capacity into the MRO shops. That's a key to unlocking, sort of the MRO throughput that I talked about. And then just, beyond that for a second Myles, you heard us talk earlier about the 35 or so day turnaround times on those project visits. And again, we know those aren't preponderance of the visits we're going to get. But there's a lot of learnings that go on and a lot of learning curve that gets tackled when we're doing these things. So it's how quickly can we tear down? Inspection limits, repairs, test sell time, literally every part through every gate and MRO, taking time out and being more efficient and putting more resources in those areas.
Myles Walton: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Gregory J. Hayes: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: This might be a question for Chris. I'm following up on the powdered metal issue. When you spoke about this in September, you seemed pretty convinced that the issue would not be a problem on the A220, the E2 and the V2500, but it does sound like, there is something going on there now, although you said it's not significant. So I was wondering if you could elaborate on how the inspections have progressed on those engines. Thank you.
Christopher Calio: Sure. Yeah, thanks for the question. So I think we had telegraphed on the last calls, we're going through our analysis is that those fleets would be far more manageable in terms of the impact. And while we will have, inspections and life limits on the 1500 in 1900. As we said, they will largely fall within the shop visit forecast we have today. The maintenance intervals on those frankly, are shorter than on the 1100. And so that's why many of these life limits and inspections fit within those plans. On the V2500, again, we've continued down that, inspection, accelerated inspection path we've had in place for about two years now. We're about halfway through that, through that fleet. And as we continue to do those inspections and learn more and analyze the data from those inspections. We're able to pinpoint, certain engines based on sort of their profile. Parts they've got in them thrust, you know, other characteristics that we've targeted for accelerated, you know, inspections. But again, think that's very manageable. That's a total of about a 100 or less shop visits stretched out over four years. And again, those are largely going to be project visit work scopes. And we've got a lot of experience on project visit work scope on the V2500. Those are in a 40 to 45 day turnaround time. We've become very, very proficient at those. So again, that's why we're calling those very manageable and will not have significant financial or operational impact.
Robert Stallard: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Maybe if you could just walk us through cash, $1.6 billion generated year-to-date, $4.8 billion for the year. How do you think about the biggest drivers on a segment basis, as you head into the final quarter of 2023. And then just given stepped up GTF payments next year, what are the puts and takes there? And then if you don't mind, I just have to ask on the $10 billion ASR you know, why announce it now and not, you know, derisk some of the MRO output risk on the GTF?
Christopher Calio: All right. Thanks, Sheila. Let me start with, what we need to do on free cash flow. So we were pleased to see $2.8 billion of free cash flow for the quarter, clearly strong and in line with the trajectory we need to see for the full year. And as you look at the fourth quarter, there's really two major parts that are going to drive, getting to the $4.8 billion. The first is clearly operating profit and we feel comfortable with that given the ranges we just put out there. And we need to see about $2 billion and a little over $2 billion of working capital improve in the fourth quarter. And I would break that down into about three buckets, about $500 million of inventory improvement Again, I think given the demand signals we're seeing and the growth we'll see in sales in the fourth quarter, we see that as achievable and manageable. We are expecting some significant advances and achievement of milestones on the defense side. So when you think about net liabilities and advances on contractual, long term contracts, that's about $1.2 billion. So that's a big piece of the fourth quarter. And then the rest really is the timing of disbursements that I would call normal in the course of business here. So a lot to do but we have good line of sight to those things as we look to the closing out the year. I'm not going to get into specifics about next year or the year after other than to say, we do see free cash flow growth in 2024. And we'll come back in January and provide more of a roadmap as to how you get there. And Greg, do you want to talk about the ASR?
Gregory J. Hayes: Yes, sure. Sheila, the question around the ASR timing, I think it's a relevant question. And I would tell you we had a fulsome discussion with the board, about the timing of the ASR. And what convinced the management team and the board that it was the right time is our confidence in the powdered metal resolution. And having bound the financial impact of that, we saw this as an opportune time to double down on the stock. And again, if you think about it, we bought $2.6 billion back year to date. This is another $10 billion at what I believe to be a significant discount to intrinsic value. And this is the time to buy. And I think we're doubling down in terms of our confidence, confidence in the future of RTX, but also confidence that we really do have our arms around the powered metal issue.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Gregory J. Hayes: Thanks, Sheila.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein of Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys.
Gregory J. Hayes : Good morning, Ron.
Ronald Epstein: When you look back on this situation, right? I mean, my understanding is, it first kind of creeped up, call it, the 2015 timeframe. And here we are today, what are the lessons learned? Like, on a go forward basis, because perhaps a going concern, there'll be new engines in the future. What are the big takeaways to not have this happen again?
Christopher Calio: Hey, Ron, this is Chris. Yes, the incident that led to all of this was in March of 2020. And it wasn't until after we went through sort of a rigorous records review and did all of the investigation and the metallurgical analysis. Did we actually come to realize this was an incredibly rare defect. We hadn't seen it before. And then we were able to go back and trace it to 2015. But again, we didn't we didn't have that, the data in hand to make that determination until again much later into 2020. And if you just sort of step back and say, okay, once you figure that out, what would you guys do about it? Well, we made a number of systemic changes, you know, a Pratt powder metal processing facility, both manufacturing process changes and inspection techniques, we've gone through a rigorous safety risk assessment. I think you've heard us describe before, which incorporated all of the learnings from all of our inspection data into our models, right across every one of our programs. And you've seen us kind of go through those one by one as we prioritize the most impacted fleets. But again, it gets read across every single engine program that we've got. And then of course, we've responded by developing comprehensive fleet management plans that have a combination of the enhanced inspections that we've developed and the life limits on the parts. I would say maybe more broadly and unrelated to powdered -- the powdered metal situation. We've continued to leverage outside resources and expertise. We've got a product safety review committee comprised of outside industry experts and veterans that come in, look at our key engineering processes, do site visits, interview senior management and then below trying to understand culture and processes and what we can do better and they make recommendations. And we implement those. And that's something we do on a regular basis. Again, unrelated to the powdered metal, but we're not afraid to go leverage outside resources to give us another perspective.
Ronald Epstein: And does that mean kind of going forward in just sort of the nuts and bolts of Pratt? It's just going to require some more investment in, you know, I don't know, infrastructure engineering or whatever to just, you know, kind of make sure everything's where it should be.
Christopher Calio: But we're going to continue to invest, Ron, in automation for sure, both in terms of manufacturing process, and our quality system. I'll tell you, we're also making investments in machine learning so that we can look at all of this, the thousands and thousands of inspection records and data that we've got, you know, in house to help us better identify anomalies get out ahead of issues before they, turn into something, unfortunately, that has an impact on the fleet and on our customers. So we're going to continue to invest in those areas. We've had those investments plans in place. We're going to continue to accelerate those. Again, all part of the modernization of our footprint, and how we do things better, faster, leaner.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of J.P. Morgan.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning.
Gregory J. Hayes: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: Maybe a small bundle here of questions about cash. I mean, given what the consensus is next year, $5.2 billion, you're buying back $10 billion stock or you're accelerating stock repurchase. I mean, is it pretty fair to assume that, you know, streets not going to be disappointed in what you guys have to say in January regarding cash. And then when we move out to 2025 and we think just about the impact, the change in R&D and the change in the interest expense that you'll have from the share repo. How should we be thinking about the 2025 target versus, what you told us last month.
Neil G. Mitchill: Okay. Set. Thanks for the question. You know, we're not going to get ahead of 2024, but we do see free cash flow stepping up. We are comfortable with our $7.5 billion 2025 free cash flow target that we've talked about. And as you think about what is going to be higher interest and increased benefit from the R&D impact. Those will just about offset in 2025. And so that's why today, I feel comfortable staying with the $7.5 billion target for 2025. Of course, there's a lot of time between now and then, but those are the two moving pieces we see today.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much.
Gregory J. Hayes: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning, guys.
Gregory J. Hayes: Good morning, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: So maybe moving to a defense question, you know, the White House is requesting $106 billion (ph) in supplemental spending for a number of national security priorities, which includes over $50 billion in investment for the U.S. Defense industrial base. Looking at this request, you've got equipment for Ukraine, air and missile defense for Israel, and replenishment of stockpile for both. And this seems to fit quite nicely with the Raytheon Defense portfolio. So how much of this opportunity is addressable to the company and if the dollars are appropriated, when would be the earliest you could see this convert to revenue?
Gregory J. Hayes: Kristine, let me start on that. So as I think I mentioned earlier in the conversation, we've seen about $3 billion of orders so far related to Ukraine replenishment. And that's really the replenishing U.S. war stocks. We expect another $4 billion of orders in the next two years. And most of that will play out over the next 24 to 36 months in terms of delivery. So you won't see a big revenue pop, even next year from this. As we think about this next tranche, the president's $100 billion plus request, which is more than $40 billion for Ukraine. What you're going to see is the same things that we have been seeing but in much higher quantities. So obviously, NACAM systems, which is the short range air defense system, and the Amram, munitions that we're using there. We're going to see those orders pick up. We would think significantly. The same is true with the Patriot air defense system. Again, those are GEMT (ph) missiles, that we supply for that. Those are in short supply today. So again, a big ramp there. But you'll also going to see other weapons systems come into play, specifically around countering the unmanned air vehicles. And we have systems today like the Coyote, which is very effective in terms of short range, dealing with these unmanned air vehicles. So again, I think really across the entire Raytheon portfolio, you're going to see a benefit of this restocking. On top of what we think is going to be an increase in DOD top line. Again, as we continue to replenish war stocks and also replenish some of the fleet in Pacific. So that's SM2s, SM3s, and other munitions that are really a huge part of this backlog that we've got today.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks, Greg. And how do we think about the margin profile of these incremental opportunities? Are these new contracts margin accretive?
Gregory J. Hayes: I would no -- actually, I wouldn't say they're margin accretive, nor would I say they're detrimental to margins. These are going out at kind of normal cost type programs, right? So you're talking about margins 10%, 11%, 12%. And again, these are well known in terms of the cost of these systems. We've been producing them for years. So we know what the costs are. And again, I think -- again, it's helpful to overall margins, but it's not hugely accretive. Again, I think Neil 10 to 12 was kind of kind of the sweet spot.
Neil G. Mitchill: I think that's exactly right. These are mature programs that we've got a lot of history on. It's all about getting the supply chain ramped up to deal with the increased production that we expect.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Akers of Wells Fargo.
Matt Akers: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for the question. I guess maybe just to clarify, the section 174, the $500 million benefit is part of that recovery from the 2022 payment. And I guess, how should we think about that sort of carrying forward that benefit into 2024?
Christopher Calio: Thanks. That's a good question. Yes, some of that is, in fact, the recovery of the 2022 overpayments, if you will, we were able to file our tax return on a basis that assumed deductibility of these cost plus R&D contracts. What will happen though is it'll be a little bit of a headwind next year because we'll get a little bit more cash back this year in the form of making lower estimated tax payments. And then next year, we'll start to bake that into our next year's estimated tax payments and filing. So that's how that'll play out. If you kind of look at it over a multi-year period of time. It's about 40% of what we previously were deferring and amortizing. So if you kind of stretch that through 2026, that's about $1.7 billion of incremental goodness in free cash flow over that period.
Matt Akers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned of Bernstein & Company.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Gregory J. Hayes: Good morning.
Doug Harned: Chris, when you talked about the -- on the GTF on the project visits, I mean, 35 days sounds like a very short number. When you look forward, before you would talked about removal to return time of 250 to 300 days, kind of a peak level of AOGs in H1 of 600 to 650. Now that you're looking at this process in more detail. Can you give us a sense of how any of that may have changed? And then also, if you're unable to do the replacements of discs and fibers and so forth, in the short term, presumably, that's an earlier revisit than you would have liked before. How does that affect your customers and the way you're thinking about the economics.
Christopher Calio: Yep. Good questions, Doug. So the reason I mentioned the early, very early sort of handful of project visits and how we've done on turnaround times is honestly just to show, people that we are incredibly focused on taking minutes, hours, days out of this. And that can translate to the larger scope shop visits that we're going to face. And the organization's incredibly focused on literally every gate, within that process, including taking time out of the test cell process. But right now, Doug, those key assumptions that you just laid out the wing to wing 250 to 300, the PKOGs, those are the assumptions, those are what's baked in to the financial impact that we talked about here. And we're doing everything that we can to go, improve upon those. And as I said earlier, MRO output to us is the linchpin on that. And so I -- that's kind of where the organization's focus is, Doug, and that's where we've got to get better each and every day. To your point about, the new full life discs, yes, our plan today is to put those in, at OE first, in the first quarter of the year and then starting an MRO in the second quarter of the year at each of these shop visits, to the extent that the ramp up and the output isn't where it needs to be on those. We're not going to waste the induction slot. Doug, the engines will come in, they'll get an inspection into your point. They'll have to then come back in at a 2,800 to 3,800 cycle re-inspect, depending on the thrust of the engine, which is why it's so critical for us to continue this, ramp up in powdered metal forgings. So that when the engines leave the shop for these visits, they have got the longest time on wing, they can have and we don't see these back in our MRO shops during this period just because it'll add just more congestion.
Doug Harned: Then if I may, one of the frustrations that I've heard out there is, you've taken the original tranche, the first tranche off in September, but airlines haven't seemed to be somewhat in the dark on the next set of engines that need to come off-wing and when that impact will, what is taking so long and being able to, help them know exactly what the impact and timing will be.
Christopher Calio: We're actually having those discussions, Doug. I've been part of many of them, again, customer-by-customer looking at their engines by serial number. Again, because you've got to look at the cycle times on those and bounce them off against the fleet management plan. So it is, it's a rigorous thorough process, but we're having those conversations with customers. So they understand their specific impacts. As we said back, on the September call, the lion's share of these incremental shop visits that we're going to have the 600 to 700 in that 23 to 26. But two-thirds of those are 23 and relatively early in 2024. That's what causes that bow wave, Doug, that peak of 650 AOGs. And I think we talked earlier about when we're going to, provide some of those service bolt-ins and the ADs that are going to follow on. So that -- those communications are happening, youre going to see that impact early in 24.
Doug Harned: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Herbert of RBC Capital Markets.
Ken Herbert: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Gregory J. Hayes: Morning Ken.
Ken Herbert: Hi, Chris, I wanted to follow-up on that comment regarding your customer conversations. Can you provide any more sort of granularity on where you are in those conversations? And obviously, you've got, it sounds like incremental confidence in the ability to sort of bracket the risk around these, with all the uncertainty still with sort of timing on the shop visits. How are those conversations going and just give us any sort of metrics around what gives you that incremental confidence, I guess, on the customer side?
Christopher Calio: Sure, Ken. Yes. Thanks for the question. So the focus, as you might imagine, over the last several months is walking our customers through the safety risk analysis, so that they understand that and what we're doing to ensure the continued safe operation of the fleet, then understanding the fleet management plans, cyclic limits, the inspection intervals, and its impact on their specific fleets. We're going to have certain customers, Ken that are going to be more impacted than others, just by virtue of their size, their reliance on the GTF. Again, it differs by customer. Conversations, as you might imagine, they're difficult. Customers understand what we're doing from a safety risk perspective, and think we're doing the right thing, but they're certainly not happy with the net effect. And they've not been happy with the fleet health even prior to powdered metal and our output on MRO and getting them the spare assets, and the engines in our shops, that the need. And so those are obviously difficult conversations, as you might imagine, Ken, and were having them with each customer individually as we go through and tailor their support packages. Again, some are more impacted then others, but those conversations are ongoing, and they will continue into the early part of year once people truly understand a fleet-by-fleet customer-by-customer impact and the changes theyre going to have to make for their flights, their network and what not. So those conversation are happening will progress early into next year.
Ken Herbert: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the Q&A portion of our call. I would now like to turn the call back to, Greg Hayes, for closing remarks.
Gregory J. Hayes: Okay. Thanks Latif, and thanks all for listening in today. As always, Jennifer and the IR team will be around to take your calls, and we look forward to seeing all of you in the coming weeks and months. Take care. Thank you.
Operator: This now concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the RTX second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. My name is Latif and I will be your operator today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Chris Calio, President and Chief Operating Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer, and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations.  This call is being webcast live on the internet and there is a presentation available for download from RTXs website at www.rtx.com.  Please note except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net, non-recurring and/or significant items, often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTXs SEC filings, including its Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. To ask a question, you will need to press star-one-one on your telephone. You may ask further questions by reinserting yourself into the queue as time permits. With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Gregory Hayes: Thank you and good morning everyone. It was another strong quarter for RTX with continued strength across all of our end markets. On the commercial aerospace side industry-wide, we saw 1,200 new orders announced around the Paris Air Show. This is the largest number of orders in the history of the air show as airlines look to secure production slots well into the next decade.  Global commercial air traffic remains on track with our projections with a very robust summer travel season, driven by incredibly strong consumer demand. This dynamic is supporting strength in the aftermarket and growth across the globe with revenue passenger kilometers now tracking at about 95% of 2019 levels, and long haul international, which has lagged in the recovery is showing strong growth with passenger flight hours up 18 points year-over-year, a good indicator for increasing demand for wide body travel. Turning to defense, were pleased that the House defense appropriation bill fully funds many of our programs, including importantly the F-135 engine core upgrade, which is the only engine funded for the F-35 joint strike fighter. Additionally, the bill also recommends the full budget request for other key RTX programs such as LTAMDS, LRSO, hypersonics, and Standard Missile-3. Internationally, we saw the State Department approve a large sale of advanced air defense systems for Poland as it bolsters its security amid the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. This would expand our existing partnership with Poland and make Poland the first international customer for our LTAMDS system, representing a key transition for this next-generation Raytheon franchise.  Before we get into details of the quarter, as you saw in our press release this morning, we are working through an issue resulting from a rare condition in powdered metal that will require Pratt & Whitney to remove some engines from service for inspection earlier than expected. I want to make just a couple of comments here at the outset. First of all, its important to know that we understand the issue and we have begun to address it through an inspection protocol that we already have in place. That said, clearly this will have an impact on Pratt & Whitney and our customers. Chris and Neil will provide additional color later in the call on how were going to address the issue as well as the operational and financial impacts. As youd expect, well dedicate all the necessary resources to manage this. Now lets turn to Slide 2 to go through some key highlights from the quarter. Q2 was another strong quarter of strong demand in both the commercial and defense segments of our business with $25 billion of new orders. This brings our total backlog to a record $185 billion. On the commercial side, Collins continues to convert its industry-leading portfolio into solid order strength. As I mentioned, industry-wide there were about 1,200 new aircraft orders announced in Paris. The aggregate amount of Collins and Pratt content on those aircraft will be about $20 billion through the life of the programs.  On the defense side across the RTX businesses, we captured $13 billion in net bookings in the quarter, driving a strong book-to-bill of 1.22, and this takes our defense backlog to $73 billion. Contributing to the backlog in the second quarter were a number of significant awards, including $2 billion at Pratt & Whitney for Lot 17 of the F-135 engines and $1.5 billion for 117 sustainment. The Raytheon segment was awarded its largest ever AMRAAM contract for $1.2 billion from the U.S. Air Force and international partners, including Ukraine. The AMRAAMs will work in concert with their existing NASAM batteries to help protect the Ukrainian people. Earlier this month, we executed the business realignment. We are now officially operating as three business units. Our team has done a tremendous job in a relatively short period of time, shifting roughly $3 billion of sales and thousands of employees across our portfolio to better meet the evolving needs of our customers. Of course, our transformation isnt done. We will continue to develop initiatives to better leverage our scale and breadth and to enable operational excellence and a best-in-class cost structure. Finally, as many of you saw last week, we agreed to divest Collins actuation business to Safran. We expect this deal to close in the second half of 2024 with proceeds from the transaction about $1.8 billion.  With respect to our full year outlook, were going to raise the top line to reflect the strength were seeing in our end markets. The new range will be $73 billion to $74 billion. Were also going to bring up the bottom end of our adjusted EPS range by a nickel to $4.95 to $5.05; however, we are going to reduce our 2023 cash flow expectations by $500 million to $4.3 billion, and this is primarily to reflect the developments at Pratt & Whitney that I discussed earlier. With that, let me turn it over to Neil to walk you through our financial results in more detail. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks Greg. Lets look at Q2 results on Slide 3. As Greg noted, we had another solid quarter with sales of $18.3 billion, up a strong 13% organically versus the prior year with growth across all four of our segments. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.29 was up 11% year-over-year with strong adjusted segment operating profit growth of 26%, partially offset by lower pension income and a higher effective tax rate. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.90 per share and included $0.26 of acquisition accounting adjustments, an $0.08 charge related to an airline customer insolvency, and $0.05 of restructuring and segment and portfolio transformation costs. Free cash flow of $193 million was generally in line with what we discussed when we were together in Paris last month, and finally on the capital allocation front, we repurchased $596 million in shares, putting us at about $1.2 billion year-to-date, on track for $3 billion in share repurchases for the full year. Lets turn to Slide 4 to get into the Q2 segment results. Beginning with RMD, sales were $4 billion in the quarter, up 12% on an adjusted basis and 13% organically primarily driven by higher volume from air power, advanced technology and land warfare and air defense programs. Adjusted operating profit of $427 million was up $79 million versus the prior year, driven by favorable net program efficiencies and drop-through on higher volume, partially offset by unfavorable mix resulting from early stage production programs. RMD had $3.6 billion of bookings in the quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.92 and a backlog of $35 billion. In addition the AMRAAM award that Greg mentioned earlier, RMD also received a $265 million award for Javelin and a $251 million award for AIM-9X missiles. Year-to-date, RMD has a book-to-bill of 1.17. Shifting to RINS on Slide 5, sales of $3.7 billion were up 2% versus the prior year on an adjusted and organic basis. This was driven by higher revenue from sensing and effects as well as cyber and services programs, which was partially offset by lower sales from command, control and communications programs. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter of $297 million was down $18 million versus prior year, primarily due to unfavorable mix and higher operating expenses which more than offset improved productivity and drop-through on higher volume; however, as I mentioned in June, we still saw unfavorable productivity in the quarter due to a handful of fixed price development programs.  In the quarter, RINS had $3.1 billion of bookings, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.96 and a backlog of $17 billion. Bookings at Q2 in RINS included about $1.1 billion in classified award and $322 million for federal and civil cyber defense services. On a year-to-date basis, RINS has a book-to-bill of 1.15. Turning to Collins on Slide 6, sales were $5.9 billion in the quarter, up 17% on an adjusted and organic basis, driven primarily by strong demand across commercial aerospace end markets which resulted in higher flight hours and higher OE production rates. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 29% driven by a 68% increase in provisioning and a 28% increase in parts and repair, while modifications and upgrades were up 9% organically in the quarter. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 7%.  On the commercial OE side, commercial OE sales were up 14% versus the prior year, which included growth in wide body, narrow body and business jets, and military sales were up 5% due to higher development volume. Adjusted operating profit of $837 million was up $220 million or 36% from the prior year with drop-through on higher sales volume and favorable mix which more than offset higher production costs, as well as higher R&D and SG&A expenses.  Turning to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 7, sales of $5.7 billion were up 15% on an adjusted and organic basis with sales growth across the commercial segments partially offset by lower military volume. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 26% in the quarter due to higher shop visit volume and content in both large commercial engine and Pratt & Whitney Canada businesses. Commercial OE sales were up 22% in the quarter on higher engine deliveries and favorable mix. In the military business, sales were down 3%. The decline in sales was driven by the timing of the F-135 production contract award in the prior year, which was partially offset by higher F-135 sustainment volume this year. Adjusted operating profit of $436 million was up $133 million from prior year, with drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket sales and favorable large commercial OE mix partially offset by higher production costs and higher R&D expenses. Note that both this quarter and the prior year quarter had a similar sized contract benefit of roughly $60 million. With that, before we get into the updated outlook for 2023, let me turn it over to Chris to give some additional color on the Pratt fleet.
Christopher Calio: Okay, thanks Neil. Let me share with you what I can at this point about the Pratt matter. As you heard from Greg, Pratt previously determined that a rare condition in powdered metal used to manufacture certain engine parts may reduce the life of those parts. Its important to note upfront that the current production of powdered metal parts is not impacted and Pratt will continue to deliver both new engines and new spare parts across all product lines. Ill come back to that in a minute. As a result of this rare condition in powdered metal, Pratt instituted enhanced inspections to be performed at scheduled shop visits; however, based on very recent learnings from these inspections, Pratt has now determined that the timing of these shop visits needs to be accelerated. While powdered metal parts have been widely used throughout Pratts product lines for decades, Pratt has bounded the potentially impacted material. It has concluded that this condition was present in rare instances in powdered metal produced from approximately Q4 2015 into Q3 2021.  The PW1100 engine fleet which powers the A320 Neo will experience the most significant impact due to production volumes during this period. Based on the current assessment, Pratt anticipates by mid-September that approximately 200 PW1100 engines will be removed for enhanced inspection. Beyond the initial 200 engines, Pratt also anticipates that approximately 1,000 additional PW1100 engines will need to be removed from the operating fleet for this inspection within the next 9 to 12 months, though the exact number of engines and the timing of those removals is not yet finalized.  Its important to note that some of the engines that must be removed for inspection in 2023 and 2024 are already forecasted for a regular shop visit during this time period, and so the incremental impact to the fleet is still under evaluation. Capability to perform the accelerated inspections, which are focused on the high pressure turbine discs, is already in place and Pratt is developing plans to optimize shop visit capacity within its network to complete these inspections as quickly and efficiently as possible.  As I said earlier, current production of powdered metal parts is not impacted and Pratt will continue to deliver both new engines and new spare parts across all product lines. This is a result of the combination of extensive improvements that were made to our powder processing to remove possible contamination sources and the deployment of enhanced inspections for improved detection. Pratt is also analyzing any potential impact to other parts of its fleet, but the current expectation is that they will less impacted based upon existing inspections, utilization profiles and maintenance intervals.  Let me take a moment to explain the timing of these developments. We proactively monitor the performance of our engines throughout their life cycle. Its foundational to how we maintain and manage the safe operation of our fleet. We do this in a number of ways: analyzing large amounts of data generated during operation, inspection parts in MRO, destructively testing certain parts to analyze their material properties, and characterizing what we observe. We use learnings from this proactive monitoring to inform our predictive models so we can address any issues before they appear in our fleet. In this case, as Pratt analyzed some recent inspection findings, it determined the need for an accelerated inspection plan even though the fall-out rate from these inspections is expected to be very low. The next step is for Pratt to publish a service bulletin describing the inspections, and the FAA will likely follow up with an air worthiness directive. The financial impact associated with these renewals is still being analyzed and will depend on a number of factors, including the result of the inspections, the amount of work needed to be done in our network shops, and of course the impact on our customers. This is obviously a difficult situation for our customers, especially given the strong demand for travel. We are truly sorry for the impact of this disruption and we will do all we can to support our customers.  Safety always has been and always will be our number one priority, and we will never compromise in ensuring the safe operation of our fleet. We will of course continue to keep you apprised as our analysis progresses on both the operational and financial impacts of these accelerated shop visits. With that, let me turn it over to Neil to talk about how this impacts our 2023 outlook.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks Chris. Lets start with the segment outlook. As Chris mentioned, there continue to be a number of evolving assumptions around the financials at Pratt. Let me try to put some additional color around that, starting with the top line. Commercial aftermarket demand remains strong and we are continuing to ramp production. Because of this, we are confident in our prior sales range of up low to mid teens. On the profit side, given the strong first half results and continued top line growth, we still expect between $200 million and $275 million of operating profit growth for the year.  Within that outlook for Pratt, heres what we are assuming as it relates to the increased engine removals and inspections. Given Pratts results to date and aftermarket strength, the impact of the first 200 engines is contemplated within the range we just provided. Keep in mind, given the percentage of completion accounting for the aftermarket contracts and the relatively early life of the programs, the P&O impact will be less significant today. However, for the reasons Chris described, the impact of any further engine removals from service for inspection is not currently assumed in our outlook. Moving to Collins, given the strong results in the first half and the continued strength we are seeing in commercial aftermarket, we are increasing the full year sales range from up low double digits to a new range of up low double digits to low teens, and as a result of this increased demand and continued execution, we now expect Collins adjusted operating profit to be up between $825 million and $875 million compared to the prior range of $750 million to $825 million. Turning to the new Raytheon segment, given the strength of the backlog and the accelerating top line, we expect sales for the combined segment to grow low to mid single digits versus 2022. While we have begun to see increased material flow and improved efficiencies, we had lower productivity than we expected in the first half of the year, including costs associated with fixed price development programs, and similar to Q1, we anticipate another contract option exercise that will lead to a headwind in third quarter. With all that said, were expecting continued volume growth and second half productivity improvements, and altogether we see adjusted operating profit up between $125 million and $175 million versus prior year. Now let me summarize all this at the RTX level. As Greg mentioned, were increasing our full year RTX sales outlook to $73 billion to $74 billion, which translates to organic growth of between 9% and 10%. This is up from our prior outlook of $72 billion to $73 billion. With respect to earnings, we are tightening our adjusted earnings per share range by $0.05 on the bottom end and now expect adjusted EPS of between $4.95 and $5.05, given the first half results and some improvement in below-the-line items. Weve provided an update on those below-the-line items in the appendices. Turning to free cash flow, the impact of the Pratt matter will be more meaningful on cash flow as we begin to ramp up inspections and MRO activity this year. As a result, we now see free cash flow up approximately $4.3 billion for the year, about $500 million below our prior outlook. Finally, well transition to the new segment reporting here in the third quarter and weve provided the re-cast 2022 and 2023 quarterly financials in the appendices. With that, let me turn it over to Greg for some closing remarks.
Gregory Hayes: Okay, thanks Neil. Just some closing thoughts before we get to the Q&A. We obviously had a very strong second quarter with $25 billion in new orders, which brings our backlog to a record $185 billion. Sales were also very strong with 13% organic revenue growth. This strength in sales and orders reflects the strength in both our commercial aero and defense markets. RPMs are on track to return to pre-COVID levels as we exit 2023, and military spending globally continues to increase in response to Russias aggression in Ukraine and the emerging threats in the INDOPACOM theater.  Based on the continued strength in our markets, we are well positioned to deliver on our commitments for 2023 and beyond. With that, lets open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks very much, good morning. 
Gregory Hayes: Morning Rob.
Robert Stallard: Lets start with the GTF, shall we? By my count, this is the third issue youre dealing with at the moment - you have that quality escape noted at Paris, the ongoing time-only issues in these challenging environments, and now the metal problem. Is there a root problem or cause thats linking these issues, and are you concerned about the potential impact on Pratts reputation for reliability? Thank you.
Christopher Calio: Yes, thanks Rob, this is Chris. Ill start. Obviously this is a disappointing development and will impact our customers. Let me just sort of take a step back and kind of walk you through the processes that are in place across Pratt. Its got a strong process of fleet surveillance, evaluation, and taking corrective action that is used to support the safety of the fleet. In this particular case, the process worked, but I will tell you that, again, we continue to monitor the situation with the fleet, we continue to find learnings in fleet, and then we take those actions and update our models and correct them. But if you step back, this is not a GTF design issue, this is a manufacturing process issue on our part with metal. We very quickly went and enhanced those processes to make sure this doesnt happen again and put in place the enhanced inspection techniques to make sure that we can continue to find this and address them promptly. Were taking prompt action. Right now, weve got work through how we define work scope and the turnaround time thats required, and of course do all the impact to the fleet thats going to be required. Again, we talked about the comments upfront, GTF is going to have a lot of shop visits here in the back half of 23 and into 24. We need to figure out how many of those are incremental and what the true impact to the fleet is, but thats ongoing. But again, were going to continue to invest in the GTF in the durability improvements that Shane talked about at investor day in June, and of course the GTF advantage. We will work through this difficult time, but again we continue to believe in the GTF, its architecture and its future.
Robert Stallard: Okay, thanks Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton: Thanks, good morning. Neil, Im trying to understand the scaling of the $500 million lower free cash flow to the total population of engines that youre going to be removing and inspecting. I think you said that the first 200 are encompassed in the guidance, but it wasnt clear if that was just the segment profit guidance you were talking about. Also, obviously this is lingering into 24 to get that whole 1,200 population, so should we think about a similar sized cash impact in 24?
Neil Mitchill: Got it. Let me start with what I can tell you now. First, let me remind you, its very early in this process. We have begun to investigate what the costs and the work scope and the timing might be, but there will be some learnings over the next 30 to 60 days and well certainly come back and talk to you a little bit about that. As I think about the guidance, the comment I made was with respect to the Pratt guidance. Again, we had a first half that was very strong at Pratt. I think were well on track for the year, all else equal; but a couple of dynamics that will likely keep the P&L impact associated with the 200 accelerated inspections manageable for the year. First is weve talked about 85% of this fleet is under a long term contract, and were less than 5% complete on those programs on average, so as Chris just mentioned, we dont know exactly how many but some of those 200 are already scheduled for a visit this year. When we think about those two things, that sort of helps us bound what the impact could be for this year with respect to that population. Given the thousand and the fact that a number of those are also already scheduled for a shop visit, we still need some more time to go think through that. As it relates to the cash flow, similar train of thought there - we really do need a little bit more time to go through this, but weve put a risk into our outlook because we know that well have some calls on cash over the rest of the year. I would say theres two things that are impacting the cash flow. The first is what Id call the direct impact, and the second is what Id call the indirect. On the direct side, its really going to be things like accelerated capital, some inventory to get ready for these inspections, expenses associated with the work that well start to perform during the last quarter of the year, and then obviously customer disruption, so more to go there. Indirectly, theres other work that this may disrupt in our business, and so were contemplating some of that as we look at this year. I think its a bit too early to kind of extrapolate that out to 24 and 25. Certainly well come back over the next couple of months and provide a better update.
Myles Walton: Can you clarify if the powder metal supplier is internal to you?
Gregory Hayes: Myles, this is Greg. Yes, so we actually manufacture the powder in our facility in New York. That powder is then processed down in our Columbus, Georgia forge into a number of different parts. The parts were talking about here are turbine discs, but they are all internally manufactured with a proprietary powder.
Myles Walton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein of Bank of America. 
Ronald Epstein: Yes, hey. Good morning. A question for you, Greg. Kind of getting back to Robs question, when you look at the litany of issues that have happened here with this engine, everything from hot section issues, manufacturing issues, do you have a cultural issue in your engineering workforce? Are people not talking to each other? I mean, it also begs the question, how could you guys possibly not know about this at Paris when you did this major investor event?  Can you just give us all some insight into how people are communicating and whats going on in your engineering workforce?
Gregory Hayes: Yes, you know Ron, we should differentiate between the durability issues that Shane talked about and that Id call this a manufacturing quality issue. Lets just take a step back. This is an issue that we first uncovered back in 2020 when we had an incident with a V2500 turbine disc. As a result of that investigation, we determined at that point that we had some contamination in this powdered metal that we make. It occurred very, very rarely, but it did happen, and it actually resulted in the turbine disc failure on an airline. As a result of that, we went through and did two things. First of all, we went out and inspected the V2500 fleet, but we also went back and we took a look at the powdered metal process to determine how this contamination happened. Through a lot of work, through a lot of discovery, we figured out what the contaminants were and by the end of 2021, about a year after that, we were able to manufacture powder that was, I would say, contaminant-free to the best of our ability. At the same time, we knew that this contamination had occurred between late 2015 and late 2020, early 2021, so we knew we had a suspect population in the fleet. We went out and so we started inspecting. We inspected the turbine discs as they were manufactured, we inspected turbine discs as they came back in, not just for the V but for the whole GTF fleet, in fact the entire fleet of Pratt products that were manufactured during this time frame. Those inspections, and there were over 3,000 of those inspections, yielded a very, very small fall-out rate, less than 1%.  As Chris said, all of this data goes into our lifing model for the turbine disc, and based upon everything that we knew until very recently, we believe that the life of the turbine disc was such that we would see these discs in the shop and be able to inspect them before we ever had an issue. Now as we looked at the data again over the last couple of months, our safety risk assessment, our safety board went through their process of updating the data based on all the recent findings, and they said, you know what? Were not absolutely positive that the lifing model is accurate, and so we want to take a look at these discs on a much accelerated basis. I would tell you, that is exactly the way the process is supposed to work, and so were going to pull back 200 discs, or 200 engines and look at the discs here in the next 90 days or so. In the next year, based upon those findings from the first 200, we think theres probably another 1,000 out there, so 1,200 out of a little over 3,000 engines out there have to be inspected.  But this is not a manufacture--sorry, its not a design issue. In fact, the engineers have been working on this issue hand-in-glove with the safety board and everybody else in manufacturing for the last three years, so I dont believe that we have an engineering issue. Obviously this was a quality escape back from--you know, sometime between 2015 and 2020, and we are doing, I think, exactly the right thing, which is to bring these engines back, inspect them and ensure the safety of the fleet going forward.  I think again, its--look, this engine, Ron as you know, has been a challenge since we launched it back in 2015. You guys can remember talking about bode rotors and all the other issues that we had, but if you think about this engine operating at the temperatures that we do, it has been a continuous discovery. This is not one of them. This is simply a quality issue from a manufacturing problem, so I would say, look, were on top of it, weve got this. Its going to be expensive. Were going to make the airlines whole as a result of the disruption were going to cause them, and I think were going to work ourselves through it.  Its not an existential threat to RTX; its not even an existential threat to Pratt. It is a problem, and we have them every day. Well solve it.
Ronald Epstein: All right, got it.
Gregory Hayes: Thanks Ron.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird. 
Peter Arment: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Greg, thanks for that color there, I appreciate that. On the powdered metal just specifically, when did you make the change? Was it back in 2020 or 21, just so we can have better clarity on the engines that are being delivered today?
Gregory Hayes: Yes, so it was mid to late 2021 where we changed all the processes in terms of the screening of the powdered metal to identify the contaminant, to eliminate the contaminant. Lets be clear - this is a--these contaminants are microscopic, and unfortunately the original process, as we scaled up production for GTF, it got away from us a little bit. We fixed it, but I would tell you everything that we have shipped, or almost everything we have shipped, I should say, in the last three years, we believe is going to be just fine. Thats why were confident we can continue to support Airbus, continue to support customers with new deliveries, as well as with spares this year and next.
Peter Arment: Appreciate it, thanks Greg.
Gregory Hayes: Thanks Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning guys, thank you very much. Just on free cash flow, can we walk through the bridge, $1.2 billion of free cash flow usage in the first half, $4.3 billion expectation for the year? How do you think about the biggest drivers on a segment level basis in working capital? What are you expectations for factoring for the year, whether its a benefit or a headwind, and do we think about $500 million of Pratt impact for 200 engines, is that the rate we should assume going forward in future years or is that something you guys are working through?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks Sheila. This is Neil, and good morning. I will take that one. First of all on the half a billion dollars, I wouldnt extrapolate that. We need some more time, as I said earlier in the call, so lets just focus on 23. As I look at the walk from the first half to the second half, Ill also say that we ended the quarter with positive cash flow, pretty much as expected, so the back half of the year is as we expected it to be. Obviously theres some work to do there to generate the cash consistent with the profile we had last year. The major piece is really our--Id put it in four major buckets. Obviously we have the rest of the year segment operating profit - its a little less than $4 billion or so. We feel pretty good about that, consistent with the guides that we just provided and updated. Weve got capital, second half capital which is going to be a headwind of about $1.4 billion, and then weve got a working capital item that we have to kind of burn down - its about $3.5 billion, about $2 billion of that is inventory, Id say split pretty evenly between Pratt and Collins, and then a billion dollars of the net contract asset liabilities, which is principally in the Raytheon segment, and that lines up to milestone payments we expect to receive in the back half of the year, as well as some international advances similar to what we had last year, that would occur late in the fourth quarter. The rest of the puts and takes are really the things weve talked about - pension, taxes, interest and other. The net of that is about half a billion dollars of an outflow in the second half. Again, same profile we were staring at 35, 45 days ago. Weve layered in the Pratt impact - I think that mostly will impact working capital, it may have some capex as well.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning guys. 
Gregory Hayes: Good morning Kristine.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: For the Pratt issue, it seems like the free cash flow impact in 2024, 2025 is still a little bit unclear. How should we think about how this affects your 2025 free cash flow outlook of $9 billion, and is that still the number youre reiterating or should we think about potential downside risk?
Neil Mitchill: Hey, good morning Kristine. Ill take that to start. Clearly all things equal, the issue we just talked about is going to put some pressure on Pratt margins and would put pressure on cash. I think its too early to put a number on that. Were going to need some time to go through and understand whats the work scope, how does that intersect with already planned work scope and the profile of those shop visits, and of course were always focused on trying to drive more out of our businesses and we would do the same here. I think Ill leave it at that. We will come back to you over the next couple of months with more detail.  Greg?
Gregory Hayes: Yes, just maybe the way to think about this is were going to pull 200 engines back this year, a bunch of those were going to come back anyways, and then next year its another 1,000 and a bunch of those were already planned. Having said that, though, we know right now weve got 13 MRO facilities, were going to have to--our plan was to go to 19, were going to have to accelerate some of the tooling - thats contemplated in this cash. Were going to have to dedicate some spares to a rotable pool of engines to support some customers. Those things, again, will be behind us, I would say probably by the middle of next year in terms of the cash outflows associated with that. The big question in everybodys mind will be, what are we going to have to do in terms of compensation to the airlines. We have contracts and special support agreements that are out there, so well work through that but its going to take time. I guess the main point, though, is by the end of next year, this inspection program will be almost all complete and the 2025 outlook really shouldnt be impacted, other than as Neil said, potential margin impact as some of these costs roll through the GTF support contracts. But again, weve got two years to work through that and we will figure that out, but in terms of the cash, really probably not a big difference as you get out to 2025.
Kristine Liwag: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JP Morgan.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much, and good morning. I wanted to ask a question about the Raytheon business. It looks like, and I want to make sure Ive got the right recapped numbers here, but it looks like first half to second half, only kind of a modest sales increase expected but fairly healthy profit increase to get to the 150 of profit growth at midpoint. I guess if you could talk a little bit about what gives you confidence in that, especially in light of the option exercise you mentioned, and then also, I thought there was pretty good top line momentum at RND in the quarter, and the degree to which you do or dont expect that to continue in the second half. 
Christopher Calio: Hey Seth, this is Chris. When you look at RND--well break it down into the pieces of the new Raytheon segment. When you look at RND, we started to see some positive momentum in particular around material growth, right - about 14% year-over-year material growth. The kit fill rates that weve talked about for some time that were hovering in those mid to low 50s, were up into the mid 70s, so were starting to see material flow which is a big part of the continued productivity story at RND. At RIS, I would say, again, less material intensive but very good material flow and kit fill rates. The issues that were continuing to grapple with are the fixed price development contracts that weve got. Weve mentioned before, weve got a handful of fixed price development contracts that are technologically very complex, that we continue to work our way through. We believe well make significant progress on those here in 2023 and into early 2024, but overall again seeing positive momentum on the productivity front at Raytheon.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks Chris. Let me add a couple comments here too regarding productivity. I think the first half of the year was encouraging in some regards - we turned the corner a bit. I think on a year-over-year basis for the first half of the new combined business, were essentially flat year-over-year. We are expecting about $100 million of productivity step-up in the second half of the year - think about that as--Im sorry, on a full year basis, so about $75 million or so in the second half of the year. The material receipts is what makes us have the confidence around that path to the second half of the year. The other encouraging point I would say is particularly at the missile business, we saw the sales tick up on that material receipt and the mix of that material had good drop-through on it, so were starting to see the transition of the mix of production from development. We talked about 2023 being the low point. Thats how weve calibrated this into this revised outlook. Weve also taken into account the first half performance as weve readjusted this realignment in the second half of the year.
Seth Seifman: Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets. 
Ken Herbert: Yes, hi. Good morning. 
Neil Mitchill: Morning Ken.
Ken Herbert: Maybe Chris or Neil, if you could dig a little bit further into what you bucketed as the other disruptions as we think about maybe an incremental diversion of engines into the spare pool and how we think about stresses on the capacity of the network as you deal with not only the 200 this year but the 1,000 next year. Within that other bucket, where do you see the primary risks or maybe the greatest unknowns as you think about the potential eventual impact on cash?
Christopher Calio: Hey Ken, thanks. This is Chris. Ill start. As we kind of noted upfront, there are a number of variables that are going into the fleet impact, both this year and next: work scope, making sure we define the work scope for these inspections, the turnaround time, trying to get the turnaround time and do this work as quickly and efficiently as possible, making it into a project visit to the extent that we can, and then optimizing the network capacity. You just heard Greg say weve got 13 shops across our network today - were adding more shops, but how do we go and optimize that network, because obviously weve got with today, as you know, as were trying to increase output on the GTF MRO, weve got to make sure that were inducting the right engines at the right time and making sure that we can do this, Ill call it new work, new inspection work separate and apart to the extent that we can from the ongoing MRO work. All of that, Ill call it optimization formula, is still being developed and were going to need a little bit more time on that. In terms of the other disruptions, Greg mentioned some of them; but again, were going to be looking at our network where all of our work is done to try to minimize any disruption on other programs, more mature programs perhaps that are going through the MRO cycle. Again, how do we make sure that those continue to flow uninterrupted while we do this work, those are the types of things were continuing to work through.
Ken Herbert: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Gursky of Citi.
Jason Gursky: Hey, good morning everybody. You talked a little bit about the capacity in MRO. Can you talk a little bit about the capacity for the part itself, the internal manufacturing capabilities that you have there and whether this is another potential constraint for you all on the GTF?
Christopher Calio: Yes, thanks Jason, this is Chris. Greg mentioned upfront that weve had this enhanced inspection technique in place for some time and have been doing these inspections. On the V2500 in particular, weve had, I think Greg, you said almost 3,000 of those inspections. I will tell you that the fall-out rate from that on this part has been very, very low, and so at this particular time, Jason, we dont believe that the HPT will be the limiting factor, if you will, in terms of the turnaround time and our ability to work through this as quickly and efficiently as possible.
Jason Gursky: Mm-hmm. If you were to go and do one of these inspections today, do you have a sense of--are we talking about weeks or days, or months to do this inspection?
Christopher Calio: Yes, so were talking HPT discs, Jason, and so that particular module, you cant necessarily do that on wing. Youve got to take the engine off wing, youve got to disassemble the engine to get to that particular area. Unfortunately, based on the geometry and location of the part, you do have to remove the part to do this enhanced inspection capability, reassemble and then get it back out to the fleet. I think I mentioned before, were trying to turn this into, as best we can, what we would call a project visit, not a full interval shop visit, but that work is still underway. Obviously making sure the wing-to-wing turnaround time is as short as possible and doing what we need to do is an important element of understanding the fleet impact and what we need to do from a network perspective.
Jason Gursky: Is there any silver lining to this at all, in the sense that you mentioned optimization on how youre going to deal with these visits and these inspections? Is there an opportunity here to get through some of the durability swap-outs that you need to do anyway, so that you can kill two birds with one stone, so to speak, as you do these inspections?
Christopher Calio: Yes, so when you think about that 2024 shop visit population, were going to, again, take a look at the utilization on those, the cycle time on those engines, and in working with our customers making a decision, a mutual decision on is this the right candidate for a project visit or should that work scope increase to take on additional work, which will benefit the time on wing and the interval of that engine moving forward several years. That is a decision, that is a conversation that we will have once we better understand again how many of these visits are truly incremental in 2024, and then the related fleet impacts. As you know, Jason, that is a part of the equation.
Jason Gursky: Then lastly, do you think youre going to learn enough by the time we have the October earnings call to provide us a little bit more clarity on things, or do you think this is going to be a discovery process that takes us out a number of months, into the end of the year?
Gregory Hayes: Jason, were discovering something new every day here, so I think--all I would tell you is that over the next, I would say six weeks as we finalize the inspection protocols, as we finalize the turn times and work with our customers, keep in mind were trying to get the first 200 engines back by the middle of September, so I think by the middle of September, well have a much better feel for what is involved here. Well have an opportunity to update everybody around that time. I think by the time we get to October, obviously well know even more as we go through some of the initial inspections, so this is a learning process. We understand what it takes to inspect, we understand what it takes in terms of the inductions and the processes, and unless there is some surprise, I think we can have this pretty well bounded in terms of what the cost impact is, in terms of what the cash flow impact is, and so by the time we get to the third quarter call, obviously well have a hell of a lot more knowledge than we do sitting here today.
Jason Gursky: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr of Cowen.
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes, thank you so much for taking my call. By my calculations, you delivered something like 1,600, 1,700 GTFs by the middle of 21, so how do we get to 1,200 engines? I mean, are we sure thats the number? Could it be a larger number, and is this just related to the PW1000 or does it also impact the Vs?
Christopher Calio: Yes, so let me start maybe with the second part first, Cai. Our current assessment is that we dont expect the same type of impact on the V2500. It has had an enhanced inspection fleet plan and management plan in place for some time, and as I noted and as Greg noted, weve completed a significant number of those inspections thus far and feel comfortable that this can be managed at this point within the existing shop visit forecast. As Greg noted, were still going through that analysis, it will take us into August to finalize that, but thats our current expectation. Same on the other Neo applications - there are different characteristics and attributes on those engines, whether it be stress on the part, whether it be thrust, that we believe differentiates it from the 1,100, and such our current assessment is those can be managed within the existing shop visit forecast that we have for 2024. In terms of the population, Cai, you heard Greg talk about when we bounded the potentially contaminated material, we put in place the enhanced processes for powdered metal at that time and also put in the enhanced inspection techniques that weve talked about. Many of the engines that have come off, all of the engines that come off since that time have gone through this inspection and have been a part of what we would call this better powder processing regime. Ultimately we will inspect parts when they come in for their normal shop visit on down the line, Cai - as you know, these engines will come back for shop visits and we will inspect this, among other things during that time. What were talking about right now are those that we need to accelerate the shop visit for. Again, thats based on all the variables that we talked about. We feel confident that as part of the safety management board that Pratt has, that weve got the right population and the right plan in place. 
Cai Von Rumohr: Just one quick follow-on, weve hit on all the negatives, but you just got this announcement of this $2.9 billion potential AMRAAM order from Germany. Can you give us some color on your munitions outlook in the out years, is that substantially better? 
Gregory Hayes: Yes Cai, its nice to talk about something other than GTF. Look - this AMRAAM order is an order that will be for both Germany, really for all of the NATO countries, that will also benefit Ukraine. I would tell you, that is on top of what we expect to see as relatively large order for GEM-T missiles associated with the Patriot air defense system. We have orders there from Saudi Arabia, we have orders coming from NATO. I think in the back half of the year, youre going to see significant--were planning significant order intake on both AMRAAM and GEM-T, as well as of course Excalibur. Neil mentioned weve got the Javelin order, we had the Stinger order already - those orders will continue to grow. But Ill tell you right now, we still have only seen $2 billion of orders associated specifically with Ukraine replenishment. We think theres probably another $2.5 billion coming in the next 12 months associated with just the Ukraine replenishment on top of the GEM-Ts, and the GEM-Ts, again theyll go to Germany, theyll go to Poland, theyll go to all 18 of those countries that are currently operating Patriot, so I think thats a very positive sign and thats why were so bullish on the defense outlook for the next couple of years. 
Cai Von Rumohr: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks, good morning. Sorry, back to the GTF.
Gregory Hayes: Come on!
David Strauss: Sorry. I just wanted to ask you about how closely coordinated you are at this point with the regulatory bodies with regard to this, and have they kind of signed off on your plan or is there any risk here of potentially the population or the timeline of these inspections getting accelerated?
Christopher Calio: Yes, thanks David, this is Chris. I would say all of this has been very closely coordinated with the FAA. I think you heard me upfront talk about that this will come in the form of a service bulletin that Pratt will publish, and then likely an AD that the FAA will distribute. But our safety management process, whether it be through events that happen in the field, things that we find through our continuous surveillance process or recommendations and assessment like this, are always very closely coordinated with the FAA, and then of course with the other international regulatory bodies as well.  FAA of course is where we start, but we of course continue to coordinate with the FAA and those other international bodies, but bottom line, very closely coordinated with them.
David Strauss: Okay, and a quick follow-up, you keep mentioning fall-out rate, low fall-out rate. I assume that is where you actually have to replace the high pressure turbine discs. What exactly have you assumed in terms of a fall-out rate, and given it sounds like the inspection here is pretty involved, how much more involved would it be and costly to be to actually replace the high pressure turbine blades versus just the inspection--or discs, sorry?
Christopher Calio: Yes, so youre absolutely right - thats what fall-out rate means, those that we inspect and decide need to be removed and replaced. Our experience has been thats been very, very low. If of course we had to replace the turbine disc, then wed factor that into the turnaround time and that will of course potentially add some time to the process. But as of now, again David, our assumption--and were continuing to work through that and through the month of August here, but our assumption based on everything that weve seen thus far is that the fall-out rate will be very low, and thats whats embedded in our assumptions today.
Gregory Hayes: David, keep in mind in order to do the inspection, as Chris said, we literally have to pull the high pressure turbine disc off of the engine and put it through this inspection protocol. Now, whether we put that disc back on or a brand-new one, its not a significant impact, and again with a very, very low expected fall-out ratio, I wouldnt--of all the things I worry about, that would be low on the list. We have plenty of capacity for turbine disc out of Columbus, especially given what we expect to be a very small number of replacements. That is, I would say, the most manageable portion of this. 
David Strauss: Got it, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Neil Mitchill: Morning Noah.
Noah Poponak: On the powder metal, are you able to bound at this point whether you expect the free cash impact next year to be larger or smaller than this year, and then also following up on the Raytheon defense margins, can you just spend another minute on the fixed price development programs youre citing - which ones are they, when do they move out of the development phase, and how do they play into the multi-year margin expansion youre expecting?
Neil Mitchill: Sure, yes. First of all on the free cash flow, again Noah, I hate to keep saying this, but we really need a little bit more time to put a finer point on our estimates, and we will come back to you on that part as it relates to 24 and beyond. But I think weve talked at length about what the considerations are there and how well be thinking about that, and that there is a possibility that some of these shop visits are already planned and there will be effects that counterbalance some of this in the out years, so more to come on that front. On the defense margins, youll recall back in Paris, I talked about $40 million to $50 million of headwinds we expected from the RINS business, and that happened just as we expected as we closed out the quarter. Its literally a few contracts - Id say most of them are classified, so hard to get into the names. The duration, Id say the most--you know, the period of time that were looking at, probably 18, 24 months before those programs are fully behind us. Were in the test phase, were obviously learning through that phase, but I think we have a little bit longer to go here.  I think weve got it calibrated in the second half of our year outlook, but all the right resources are on it and, like I said, absent that, we are seeing productivity turn in the rest of the business, so it really is a focused set of programs that were dealing with.
Noah Poponak: Okay, thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Gregory Hayes: Okay, thanks to everybody for listening in. Just to put all this in perspective, I think you need to keep in mind, we have very strong franchises between Collins, Raytheon and Pratt & Whitney, and the $185 billion of backlog. I know this GTF issue, this quality issue is a bit of a surprise. We have been working it for the last, I would say, 10 days or so. We will know a lot more in the next six weeks, and as that information becomes available, we will of course be sharing it with investors. But again, keep in mind this is a small piece of what is a great franchise across RTX.  Having said that, Jennifer and her team are obviously going to be available the next couple of days to answer any follow-up questions that you have. Thank you all for listening, and take care. Bye bye.
Operator: This now concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Calio, President and Chief Operating Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast live on the Internet, and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies' website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net nonrecurring and/or significant items, often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Raytheon Technologies SEC filings, including its forms 8 -K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Gregory Hayes : All right. Thank you, Latif, and good morning, everyone. I trust everyone had a chance to see the press release. It was clearly a good start to the year for RTX, and demand remains strong for both our commercial aerospace and our defense businesses. And I think, importantly, we're seeing some stabilization in the supply chain. Before we get to the highlights for the quarter, let me just spend a couple of minutes on the macro environment. Starting on the commercial side. Domestic revenue passenger miles are now back to pre-pandemic levels, 2019 levels, as we exit March. This was led by a very strong rebound in China following their zero COVID policy reversal. On the international front, we have seen continued improvement in RPMs, reaching nearly 80% of 2019 levels. With strong consumer demand and record advanced bookings, we expect total global air traffic to fully recover to 2019 levels as we exit the year. On the defense side, we're very encouraged by the President's most recent fiscal year '24 budget request of $886 billion. That's up about 3%. And that's on top of last year's nearly 10% top line budget increase. The proposed budget includes broad-based support for many of our key programs, technologies and capabilities, including a request to fund multiyear munitions purchases for AMRAAM. It also prioritizes HACM, that's the Hypersonic Attack Cruise Missile, as the future long-range hypersonic missile. And perhaps most importantly for us, the budget reflects the DoD's decision to move forward with the engine core upgrade for the F135 engine, which we believe is a win for both the war fighter and the taxpayer. This program will solidify Pratt & Whitney's position on the F-35 and will provide additional thrust, range and efficiency necessary to support the needs of the war fighter well into the next decade. Looking internationally, we're also seeing strong demand for defense capabilities as our allies prioritize additional defense spending. Poland recently announced plans to spend 4% of their GDP on defense this year. That's the highest level across all of the NATO countries. And we continue to support Ukraine's ongoing needs, including the Pentagon's accelerated deployment of the Patriot missile defense system, adding another RTX capability to the Ukraine mission. Clearly, the demand environment remains strong across our end markets. And with that as a backdrop, let's turn to Slide 2 for the Q1 highlights.  Importantly, we exited the quarter with a record backlog of $180 billion. This included over $20 billion of new awards from some of our key franchises in the quarter. As an example, RMD received a $1.2 billion award for Patriot for Switzerland. That marks the 18th Patriot partner nation. RIS was awarded $1.9 billion in classified awards. We also delivered solid financial performance with strong year-over-year organic sales growth of 10% and adjusted EPS of $1.22. Regarding free cash flow, we started the year slowly due to some timings of higher working capital, which Neil will talk to you about in a bit. Importantly, though, we remain confident in our full year outlook of about $4.8 billion of free cash flow. As expected, sales growth was led by commercial aerospace, with aftermarket up close to 20% and OEM shipments up close to 17% year-over-year. Additionally, in the quarter, we achieved an incremental $50 million of gross merger cost synergies, and we are quickly approaching the $1.5 billion target, with more opportunities still ahead. On the capital allocation front, we repurchased more than $560 million of our shares in the quarter. And we remain on track for $3 billion of share repurchases for 2023. And as you saw yesterday, we increased our dividend over 7% from $0.55 to $0.59 a share, in line with our commitment to return at least $20 billion to shareowners in the four years following the merger. We've done all this while continuing to invest in R&D, additional capacity, automation and the digitization of our production facilities in order to support our growing backlog. As you can see, we're extremely well positioned for growth this year and well into the future. Every day, we are furthering our integration to unlock the scale and breadth of RTX, all while driving additional technology synergies and a focus on operational performance. With that, let me turn it over to Mr. Calio to talk about the progress we're making in regards to our business realignment. And I'll be back at the end for a wrap-up and Q&A. Chris?
Christopher Calio : Well, thank you, Greg, and good morning, everybody. I'm on Slide 3. As you know, we announced back in January, our plan to realign our portfolio into three business units: Collins Aerospace, Raytheon and Pratt & Whitney. And as we said, this realignment has three primary objectives. The first is to better align our market-leading franchises with our customers' priorities, ensuring more effective coordination and collaboration across our businesses. The second is to enhance our performance and capture additional synergies from both a product and technology standpoint. And third, to better leverage our resources to optimize our investments and cost structure. So let me update you on where we are in the process. After continued internal analysis and customer engagement, we determined the major content shifts within our portfolio necessary to achieve these objectives. First, the multi-domain command and control solutions of RIS and RMD will transition to the Mission Systems strategic business unit within Collins to create a more focused business to support connected battle space opportunities. Additionally, RIS' Air Traffic Management business will be integrated into Collins' Connected Aviation Solutions strategic business unit, further consolidating what we call the connected ecosystem of flight data and management into one business. These two moves will put Collins at the center of our company-wide collaboration efforts. They will now be responsible for more than half of our revenue synergy projects. In parallel, we will move Collins' intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance business to the new Raytheon business unit, combining complementary sensing and imaging technologies to improve our offerings for multiple customer applications. And lastly, the new Raytheon business will merge the remaining RIS and RMD businesses into strategic business units aligned around specific customers, such as the Air Force, Army, Navy, space and missile defense. When this is complete, the top customer of each of these strategic business units will account for 70% or more of that business unit sales. In addition, we'll establish a strategic business unit that will operate like a merchant supplier within the Raytheon business unit. We'll centralize components and subsystems that are sold internally as well as to a broad array of government, commercial and other prime customers. enabling us to sell more effectively into these channels. As part of this realignment, we're pleased to announce that the new Raytheon business unit will be led by Wes Kremer, currently the President of RMD. Wes has over 20 years of experience across multiple businesses and product lines within Raytheon and is uniquely qualified to lead this business. We are now in the middle of the implementation phase, including our analysis and validation of targeted gross cost savings. We provide more details on the new design and the implementation status, including those savings at our investor meeting at the Paris Air Show. So overall, good progress thus far as we remain focused on our goal to operate under the new structure beginning in July. With that, let's move to Slide 4, and I'll provide an update on the current environment. In general, not a lot has changed since we spoke back in January, and demand remained strong across our end markets. On the defense side, as Greg mentioned upfront, some of the awards we received in the quarter and our record backlog. On the commercial side, we saw strong aftermarket growth in the quarter as airlines are preparing to support the busy summer travel season. With air traffic increasing and retirements remaining very low, we continue to see strength in parts, repair, provisioning and maintenance across our end markets. Given this demand, our focus remains on ensuring we have the capacity, supply chain performance and operational excellence necessary to meet our commitments to customers. So let me start and provide some color on capacity. In RMD, we continue to invest in new test equipment, tooling and automation at our Tucson, Andover and Huntsville facilities to support the ramp-up on key programs such as AMRAAM, StormBreaker, SM-3, SM-6 and Patriot GEM-T. At Pratt Asheville, North Carolina turbine airfoil site, we now have 63% of machining production assets on site and are progressing towards first article inspection by the end of May, on our way to improving productivity and cost in support of the high-volume GTF and F135 programs. While in Tucson, we recently completed a classified space conversion, bringing our total number of classified seats added over the past two years to almost 1,000, with the expectation of an additional 900 more by the end of '23. This will create the classified lab capacity for RMD to execute on recent development wins such as HACM, HALO and NGI. Furthermore, we are expanding our MRO network. This past quarter, two new facilities joined the GTF aftermarket network, a second MRO shop in Japan and a 155,000 square foot shop at Delta Airlines TechOps in Atlanta. We, of course, also remain very focused on the health of the supply chain, which continues to be a challenge from a performance and cost perspective. Starting with performance. While we have experienced stabilization in certain areas, such as electronics, continue to experience challenges in castings, forgings, raw materials and machining. And you've heard us talked before about our in-person support embedded our supplier sites, and that continues to increase. Today, we are present in more than 400 suppliers, with a focus on high-impact locations. And specific to defense, we have significantly increased on-site support in the last quarter, allowing us to help clear bottlenecks, better execute engineering and quality initiatives and provide improved overall visibility. And at RMD, this helped yield a 5% improvement in material receipts year-over-year, enabling increased flow through our factories. Additionally, we held an RTX supplier conference just a few weeks ago, where we engaged with about 70 key suppliers to review detailed action plans to ensure future capacity and to reduce current overdue positions.  On the cost side, the overall inflation picture remains persistently high, and we are attacking those inflationary pressures from several angles. We have almost 2,000 cost reduction projects ongoing related to our supply chain, both product and non-product, including negotiating better contractual terms, transitioning work to lower cost sources and part redesigns to reduce cost. We're also going deeper into our supply chain to better understand their usage of constrained raw materials, such as aluminum, titanium and nickel, so we can get a complete picture of our embedded spend and to leverage total raw material purchases, drive improved cost positions and secure supply throughout our value stream. And lastly, we continue to leverage our core operating system to execute on our cost reduction initiatives as well as footprint modernization. As we previously talked about, we have thousands of ongoing projects, many of which are at the manufacturing line or cell level to take costs out of our operations. These range from things like redesigning material and machining flow to reduce labor hours and cycle time, implementing closed door machining to enable the completion of a part in one continuous process without any operator intervention. But these are relatively small initiatives with short paybacks. They are part of a continuous commitment to improvement and efficiency. So before I turn it over to Neil to recap the financials, I do want to provide a brief update on the GTF program. As you know, since the GTF program went into service in 2015, we have continued to introduce upgrades and improvements to increase reliability and durability. With respect to reliability, we have met the target level for dispatch reliability. This is now at mature engine levels. With respect to durability, we have improved time on wing since program inception. Again, time on, meaning how long engines can be operated before needing to be removed for maintenance. But we are not yet at the level we and our customers expect. This has put stress on the operations of the fleet. We continue to develop upgrades to the current GTF configuration to improve durability. We are also expanding our MRO capacity and working to reduce shop visit turnaround times to improve service availability. It will take some time to realize these benefits, but we are continuing to invest in time on wing improvements as we were able to do over the course of the V2500 program. And of course, in parallel, we continue to execute on our GTF Advantage Development Program, our next-generation GTF configuration, that will incorporate all of our experiences and technical learnings since entering into service. Okay. With that, let me turn it over to Neil to walk through our financial results.
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, Chris. I'm on Slide 5. As Greg noted, sales of $17.2 billion were up a strong 10% organically versus the prior year. This growth was driven by both commercial aerospace and defense, despite some of the environmental challenges we continue to face. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.22 was up 6% year-over-year, with strong segment operating profit growth of 15%, partially offset by the expected lower pension income and a higher effective tax rate. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.97 per share and included $0.25 of acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and nonrecurring items. And finally, free cash flow was an outflow of $1.4 billion in the first quarter, which is historically our lightest quarter of the year due to the timing of incentive compensation payments and seasonality in our defense businesses. In addition to these typical dynamics, the timing of sales and cash collections as well as supply chain and capacity constraints drove higher working capital in the first quarter of this year. We expect to generate positive free cash flow beginning in the second quarter as commercial deliveries accelerate and performance as well as other funding milestones are achieved. And importantly, as Greg said, we remain confident in delivering about $4.8 billion in free cash flow for the full year. So with that, let's turn to Slide 6 and get into the segment results. Beginning with Collins. Sales were $5.6 billion in the quarter, up 16% on an adjusted basis and up 17% on an organic basis, driven primarily by the continued recovery in commercial aerospace end markets, resulting in higher flight hours and higher OE production rates. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 24% on an adjusted basis and 26% organically, driven by a 43% increase in provisioning and a 29% increase in parts and repair, while modifications and upgrades were up 1% organically in the quarter. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 8%. Commercial OE sales were up 12% versus the prior year, driven by production ramps in narrow-body, business jets and widebody. And military sales were up 9% due to both higher material receipts and manufacturing throughput. Adjusted operating profit of $800 million was up $216 million from the prior year, with drop-through on higher volume and favorable mix, partially offset by higher production costs and higher SG&A expense. Looking ahead, on a full year basis, we continue to expect Collins' sales to grow low double digits and operating profit of between $750 million and $825 million increase versus 2022. Turning to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 7. Sales of $5.2 billion were up 15% on an adjusted basis and 16% on an organic basis, with sales growing across all segments. Commercial OE sales were up 27% in the quarter on higher engine deliveries within both Pratt's large commercial engine and Canada businesses. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 14% in the quarter, primarily driven by increased volume and favorable mix.  And in the military business, sales were up 13%, driven by the F135 production contract award in the second quarter of last year and higher F135 sustainment volume.  Adjusted operating profit of $434 million was up $126 million from the prior year, driven primarily by drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket, favorable contract matter and higher military sales, which was partially offset by conversion on higher commercial OE volume. Turning to Pratt's full year outlook. We continue to expect sales to grow low to mid-teens and operating profit growth of $200 million to $275 million versus 2022. Shifting to RI&S on Slide 8. Sales of $3.6 billion were in line with our expectations and flat versus prior year, both on an adjusted and organic basis. This was driven by lower command, control and communications programs, which was mostly offset by higher revenue from Cyber and Services programs. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter of $330 million was down $48 million versus prior year, driven primarily by lower net program efficiencies spread across several programs. RIS began the year with strong orders in the quarter of $4.3 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.34 and a backlog of over $17 billion. This brings RIS' rolling four-quarter book-to-bill to 1.09. In addition to the significant bookings Greg mentioned earlier, RIS also received a $650 million award for the next-generation jammer and a $275 million Space Development Agency award for missile tracking satellite constellation. Looking ahead, we continue to expect RI&S' full year sales to be flat with operating profit growth of $75 million to $125 million versus 2022. Turning now to Slide 9. RMD sales were $3.7 billion, up 4% on an adjusted basis and up 5% organically, primarily driven by higher sales in the Advanced Technology and Air Power programs. Adjusted operating profit of $335 million was down $52 million versus the prior year, driven by the lower -- by lower net program efficiencies and higher development program mix, partially offset by higher volume. Lower net program efficiencies included the unfavorable impact of a significant option exercise in the quarter, which had about a 100 basis point impact on the margin. Like RI&S, RMD's bookings were also very strong to start the year with $5.2 billion of bookings in the quarter, including an over $600 million SPY-6 award. This resulted in a record backlog of $35 billion and a book-to-bill of 1.43 in both the quarter as well as on a rolling four-quarter basis. And for the full year, we continue to expect RMD sales to grow low to mid-single digits with operating profit growth of between $175 million and $225 million versus 2022. With that, I'll turn it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Gregory Hayes : Okay. Thank you, Neil. I'm on Slide 10 here. Just a couple of thoughts before we open it up for Q&A. I think first and foremost, given the strength of our backlog and the continued end market demand, we, as a team, remain extremely confident we can deliver our '23 guidance and our 2025 commitments. Our success, of course, begins with ensuring that we're meeting our customers' most critical needs. We're keeping a watchful eye on external factors. And I would tell you that Chris and the entire senior leadership team remain laser-focused on mitigating supply chain constraints and driving productivity and efficiency improvements across all of the businesses. More importantly, we're continuing to invest in innovative solutions and differentiated technology that will continue to drive long-term growth.  Last thought is, earlier this month marked the third anniversary of the merger. We've been able to accomplish a lot so far even with this challenging environment, and we know there's a lot more progress we can make with the ongoing business realignment, which will set up RTX for success for decades to come. We look forward to sharing more of this information on our transformational efforts and our long-range outlook during our Investor Day at the Paris Air Show on June 19. With that, let me open up the call for Q&A. Latif?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton : Hey, Greg or maybe Chris, I don't know which. But on RMD, obviously, this has been one where you're sort of trying to get to the bottom of the issues. And it sounded like it was a contract option exercise. It was 100 basis points. But even with that, you obviously have an implied 12.5% margin for the rest of the year in the guidance. So I'm just curious, what's driving that? How profitable is the backlog growth you've now built up? I think that's one of the questions that everybody has. And I know after realignment, RMD won't exist, but it will still be part of the business, obviously.
Christopher Calio : Hey, Myles, this is Chris. Thanks for the question. Look, agree, we'd like to be seeing the margins improving at a bit of a faster rate. But there are some real positives in this business when you step back. Most of it will be the backlog. If you think about the book-to-bill over the last 12 months, it's a 1.43, which is really phenomenal, with some key wins in some potential franchise areas. As Neil noted in his remarks, we did have a contract option exercise in the first quarter. It's a good business. Let's make no mistake about that. But because of the accounting resulted in a bit of a negative impact, about 100 basis points. If you exclude that, it would put RMD at a bit over 10%, sort of in line with where we were in Q4. As you sort of look ahead to the RMD margin profile, the two principal drivers of that margin improvement are going to be material flow and flow in our factory. And of course, just absorption brought on by higher material receipts and of course, the labor that goes with it. So if you think about the factory flow, we had a 15% increase in Q4 in terms of material sheets. Another 5% here in Q1, and we're starting to see the results in the factory. You heard Greg talk prior about kit fill rates being in the 50s. The material flow that we've seen lately has brought the kit fill rate up into the low 70s. Our historical rate is in more the mid-80s. But as we continue to drive more material, you'll see more material flow in the factories, getting those kit fill rates up. And that's going to reduce the period of performance. And then again, the second one, again, is just math. With increasing material volume in labor, we're going to see better absorption of our fixed and indirect support costs. So more productivity there. So that's the margin sort of profile and story in RMD.
Myles Walton : Okay. And is it particularly back-end loaded to the year out of management in the second half?
Neil Mitchill : Myles, this is Neil. Yes, I expect that to accelerate as the year goes on. But I would point to the second half. As Chris said, with the kit fill rates in the 70s, as that grows into the 80s and then higher as the year progresses, you'll see the productivity, the confidence around our ability to shorten that period of performance improve. And that will show up in the EACs. The other thing I'll say is that option we had, again, as Chris said, good business. There may be another one. But again, this is really good business coming on the heels of increased customer demand. So we'll be sure to continue to talk about that. But I think the fundamentals of the backlog are strong. As we look at the margin embedded in that backlog, it's above 10%, and that gives us the confidence that, that margin expansion will come over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak : Can we just spend a little bit more time on the Pratt margin? And I guess, what's happening with pricing in the aftermarket, maybe specifically in the engine? Just sounds like out there in the industry, given limited parts supply, limited MRO availability that pricing is maybe much better than normal. So curious what you're seeing on that front, especially things that are not on some version of a long-term agreement? And what does that mean for the Pratt margin going forward?
Gregory Hayes : No, let me start. It's Greg. First of all, on the pricing side, with all of the inflation that we've seen over the last 18 months, I would say Pratt and Collins were both relatively aggressive last year in catalog price increases. And so I think we are seeing some of the benefits of that aftermarket part increase. But keep in mind, on GTF, for instance, more than 75% of all of those customers are on long-term support agreements. So you really aren't seeing the benefit of pricing there. Similarly, on the OEM contracts, again, we have some benefit of pricing, but it is very limited based upon the indices. Obviously, there's a dead band there. So we're not getting, I would say, a lot of pricing power today. It's not to say that we won't improve as time on wing, as Chris was talking about, improves, margins will improve, but pricing is not the driver of this. This is really demand-driven is what's driving top line here.
Neil Mitchill : Maybe I'll just add about the margin profile of Pratt. Obviously, as we look at the rest of the year, Noah, we expect the engine deliveries to increase. Think about between 35% and 40% year-over-year. You saw 42% in the first quarter. That will obviously come with some negative engine margin headwind. I would put a number around $250 million in terms of rest of year NEM headwind that would then, coupled with the strong aftermarket that we're expecting to continue at Pratt, you'll see that margin sort of level out as the year goes on and those engine deliveries increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stallard of Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard : Maybe just a follow-up actually on Noah's question with regard to Pratt. 14% aftermarket growth year-on-year in the quarter, given the aggressive price increase that Greg referred to, feels a bit low. And then secondly, on those GTF volumes, how do those compare versus Airbus' A320 ramp plan?
Neil Mitchill : Okay. So let me start on the aftermarket. 14% Pratt & Whitney consolidated level aftermarket growth on top of 37% a year ago. So when I think about that, it's still very strong growth. We have seen shop business increased low double digits here in the first quarter, and we expect that to continue as the rest of the year continues, Rob. I would tell you that the legacy engines remain very strong, even the PW2000s and 4000s. On the V2500, the shop visits continue. They are paced by some of the structural casting issues that we've talked about. So I think as we've seen improvement there, and I'll let Chris talk about that in a minute, we do expect to see accelerated growth in terms of the Pratt & Whitney aftermarket on a full year basis. We still think Pratt's aftermarket will be up 20% to 25% year-over-year. So nothing concerning in the first quarter results, as you know, incredible demand as we look at the rest of the year for the flying fleets of the Pratt engines.
Christopher Calio : Hey, Rob, this is Chris. Maybe just a comment on the OE deliveries. Greg mentioned stabilization in the supply chain. I would say on structural castings, we continue to see some improvement, and that's obviously critical for Pratt. If you think about the key constrained castings at Pratt, they are up about 30% sequentially this quarter. Now that's not to the level of flow that we need. We continue to see some manpower sort of labor challenges in that supply chain, and we're taking some actions to try to address that, whether it be offload, whether it be helping to improve yields in the manufacturing process. But we are lockstep with Airbus on their demand for the year. And we are hand-to-mouth right now given some of the constraints. But again, lockstep with the demand, and that will continue to increase as we move into the back half of the year.
Neil Mitchill : Chris, maybe just to add on to that a little bit. The key constrained structural castings, that 30% is a sequential improvement in the number of castings that we've been able to get in the first quarter. So continue to have the challenges, but good sign as we gain momentum starting the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Akers of Wells Fargo.
Matthew Akers : I wonder if you could touch a little bit more on working capital. I mean a little bit of a bigger impact than we've seen in Q1 prior year is kind of spread across contract assets receivable inventories, anything that kind of drove that this quarter?
Neil Mitchill : Sure. Thanks, Matt. Certainly, working capital was a drag on the quarter. I would say about -- we typically see a breakeven-ish type cash flow. We were expecting probably a slight outflow. It's obviously a little bit worse than that. About $500 million of that I would characterize as an inventory build. The silver lining here is that with the easing of the supply chain constraints, we've seen an incredible amount of inventory come in. We're also looking to balance that and make adjustments in our MRP as we look at the rest of the year, but about I'd call $500 million of the excess there associated with the inventory build, we increased our inventory $700 million. So we plan to grow our inventory and sort of a good news situation, it grew a little bit further. I fully expect that to turn the other way as we go through the rest of the year. On the contract asset side, that really was in our defense businesses. Again, the seasonality of those businesses is that we invest in the products. We ship them, and then we make milestone collections as we meet performance milestones. I expect those performance milestones to be met as we go through the rest of the year. So again, slightly higher than we had planned. We did get those billings out in early April, and they've already been collected. So I'm not concerned about that. Then the last piece we saw in terms of the first quarter was a slight increase in our receivables, probably about a couple of hundred million dollars. And frankly, that's due to the timing of sales. They came a little bit later in March. We'll collect that here in the second quarter.  So as we look at the rest of the year and I think about getting from the outflow of $1.4 billion, up to our objective of 4.8 or so, here's how I would characterize that walk. The majority of that is going to come from profit that we've yet to realize. So nearly $5.5 billion, $6 billion there. We expect working capital to be flat year-over-year. So we'll have an improvement of about $2.7 billion, about half of which will come from inventory. We've got some puts and takes, a few hundred million dollars net of taxes and pension and then, of course, a little under $2 billion of capital, CapEx left to go in the year. And if you do all that math, you get to about the $4.8 billion. If you look at the fourth quarter of last year, I think we generated about $2.2 billion of cash. So I do expect it to be back ended, but turning cash positive in the second quarter, pretty consistent with what we saw last year, which was in the $750 million range and that's after absorbing about $650 million of incremental cash taxes that we'll pay here in the second quarter because of the R&D impact. So we feel confident in the full year. Obviously, a lot to do, but it's nice to have the inventory given the strength of the demand that we're all seeing here in the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu : Neil, since you're so good with the numbers and you keep giving us detail, I wanted to ask another one on Pratt performance. What drove the strength in the quarter of 8.3% margins versus the 6% implied for '23? And sort of what drives the lower margins for the year? And how do we think about the aftermarket drop-through given some of the prior commentary on GTF aftermarket? And how do we think about the PwC and military mix as well?
Neil Mitchill : Four questions. Let me seat back and remember them all. Here we go. So in the first quarter, as I think about the 8.3% margin for Pratt, there are really two things that I would point to. Clearly, we had the drop-through from the aftermarket growth. So you have that. We also had a favorable contract matter settled. That was about $50 million or $60 million. So that won't repeat, but it was good news. And we also had -- we had year-over-year headwind in negative engine margin of about $50 million. But obviously, I expect as we go through the rest of the year, as I said earlier, about another $250 million of headwind as those engine volumes step up. So I think that's the Pratt story. We clearly will see the continue to grow in the remainder of the year. We'll get good drop-through on that, and that should help to partially offset the negative engine margin headwind that will come with the higher engine deliveries. The other piece of that in terms of thinking about the GTF and time on wing, basically, what I can say is our estimates today contemplate everything that we know about the engine. We feel very comfortable with where we are with our contract accounting. And any challenges in terms of cost or additional resources we need to put into that area are already contemplated in the outlook that we have for Pratt and for RTX as a whole. So I don't see that as being a headwind against our expectations for the year. I feel like I missed one of those.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Its okay. I have too many. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Peter Arment of Baird.
Peter Arment : Question is for Greg or Chris, maybe just focusing on RMD and just $35 billion backlog. I mean you've had some big wins. Obviously, Switzerland was a big one. But maybe if you could just talk a little bit about obviously, customer engagement is very high or probably at its highest levels ever. Maybe you could just talk about kind of the backdrop, the ability to continue to grow backlog or some of the bigger booking opportunities that are still out there?
Gregory Hayes : Yes. Peter, let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Chris. But look, we had a very, very strong bookings quarter at RMD. Obviously, the Patriot, $1.2 billion for Switzerland. So that's a war we've been working on for a number of years. It's the 18th country to be a Patriot operator. But we see continuing demand that even is still not in the backlog. We know -- for instance, so far, we've only seen about $2 billion of awards related to Ukraine munitions replenishment. We expect that we'll see more of that coming up later this year and into next year. We also know that as LTAMDS, which is the Patriot upgrade system, is certified later this year, that we'll start to see orders internationally for LTAMDS also start to pick up as well as the U.S. DoD. Also, I think, you're going to see very strong bookings on SPY-6. SPY-6 is the new radar system for the Navy. We've had the initial low rate production contract on that, but again, much more to come on SPY-6, not just this year but into the future. On top of that, of course, AMRAAM continues to be very, very solid. There's Tomahawk, which will eventually be replaced by the LRSO. The fact is the backlog at RMD is only going to grow, we think, over the next couple of years. I think, again, one of the issues that RMD has, if you will, is you're going to see lower margins on some of these new development contracts, which is depressing the margin this year and next. That will start to turn around as we get into 2025, but it's going to take some time, but that is going to grow. And the other piece of the puzzle we don't really talk a lot about is the other international customers. Right now, our international sales in RMD are only about 30%. That's below historical levels. That should also improve as we get into LTAMDS, the next generation of AMRAAM delivery. So lots of good news out there. And for us, it's just a question of getting it out the door at this point. As Chris mentioned, we still are constrained from a supply chain standpoint, although it's getting a hell of a lot better. We still have work to do, and we talked about structural castings at Pratt. For RMD, it's all about rocket motors. And that impacts TOW, that impacts Javelin, that impacts Stingers, that impacts SM-6, SM-3. So again, as we work through those supply chain issues on rocket motors that should also drive extraordinary growth in the top line over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein : A question that's come up a lot among investors is when you think about the GTF and its variance and all the long-term contracts that have been sold with it -- correct me if I'm wrong, it was about 80% of those engines have been sold with the long-term contracts?
Gregory Hayes : Correct.
Ronald Epstein : And you're having this time on wing issues. Like you mentioned the Sheila, it's not an issue this year. But as we go out over time, how can we get confidence that those contracts were actually priced right, particularly the ones that were put in place earlier in the program?
Gregory Hayes : Ron, let me I'll turn it over to Chris. Obviously, Chris is intimately familiar with this having run the commercial engine business in Pratt. I would say the one bright spot is most of those contracts were eight to 10 years in length. If you think about it, they were -- this engine was introduced back in 2015. So as you think about the long-term outlook, I am very confident margins are going to improve because we'll have a chance to relook at some of those contracts. But obviously, there's a challenge today with margins because time on wing is not what we expected it to be. Reliability and durability are the two issues. And reliability is great. 99.98% dispatch reliability. Time on wing is the challenge. But again, I think as Chris explained, we've got some solutions to that, which we'll see over the next couple of years.
Christopher Calio : Yes. And just to build on that, Ron, this is Chris. This is why that we are running as fast as we can to continue to insert upgrades into the fleet during shop visits. We've talked before about the sort of the block D upgrades, which are really aimed at combustor hot section, improving time on wing in those areas. That's only about we're only about 50% of the way through the fleet in terms of those upgrades. And so again, we've had some part constraints and shortages and labor in our MRO network, which has which has impacted our ability to output MRO to the levels that we and our customers want, which is why we're adding more capacity to that MRO network. You heard me talk about the new Japanese facility, delta, obviously, a top-tier provider joining the network helpful there as well. So adding capacity to networks where we continue to accelerate these upgrades and improve the time on wing. At the end of the day, that's what it's all about. In addition to the contract mix that Greg talked about, it's also about accelerating our repair development, making sure that we've got a full suite of repairs in our MRO networks so that we're not always having to replace parts. We can repair parts at a better cost and improve turn times.
Ronald Epstein : And if I may, as a follow-on to this question, same thing. My understanding is the gear is just fine. It's the other stuff that's wearing out quicker. How did that happen? Because it was -- everybody was worried about the gear, not the other stuff.
Gregory Hayes : I think to your point, Ron, the gear has proved to be extremely reliable. We have not seen a gear failure out there in any of the 3,000 engines or so that we've delivered. But again, we're operating in some very harsh environments. And I would tell you that we probably didn't spend enough time testing for those harsh environments, specifically places like India. And that's where we've seen the lower life on the combustor. We've seen some lower life the turbine blades just because of the harsh conditions there. So as we move forward to Chris' point, we have the advantage coming online. It's got a lot more testing. It's got all the learnings from the existing fleet. This should be significantly more durable out there in terms of time on wing. It's going to take us a couple of years before we can get all of those upgrades introduced.
Neil Mitchill : To your point, Greg, and Ron, you're 100% right, the gear and the fuel burn performance have been spot on in meeting expectations. Keep in mind, this was a new architecture, and we've had some learnings along the way. The only thing I'll remind you, I kind of mentioned this in my remarks, we had a similar journey on the V2500. And it took us a while to get to the levels today that people are enjoying on the V2500. Big difference, of course, has been the ramp up on the GTF has been massive ramp versus when the V went into service. So there's a little bit more, I would say, time and buffer to help manage that fleet as it was entering into service. But the playbook is there on the V. We've got to follow it on the GTF.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays.
David Strauss : Greg, specifically on the MAX, I think you previously commented that the expectation around Collins and the OE growth rate there was for the MAX to be in the low 30s for you all for the full year. Is that still what you're thinking even with the new issues that have developed here? And then second part of the question, just on rocket motors. Your view of the potential Aerojet acquisition by LHX and how that potentially could improve things in terms of rocket motor availability?
Gregory Hayes : Yes. In terms of 737 MAX, I think current production rate is about 31 a month. Boeing had talked about moving that up to 37 a month by the end of the year. I would tell you, Collins is right now, I think we're all set at the 31 a month. And it might get a little bit better during the course of the year. But I think, again, that wouldn't be an issue in terms of our ability to ramp production to meet that. But right now, again, I think Boeing has got some challenges. We'll hear what they have to say here in another day or so. But we're, I would say, in constant contact with both Boeing and Airbus on OEM rates both at Pratt and at Collins. So no surprises there to think of or to talk about. As far as rocket motors, obviously, the potential acquisition by L3Harris of Rocketdyne is something that we have been discussing. The -- there's always a concern, I think, when you have one of your key suppliers going through a merger or an acquisition is that they lose focus on delivering and quality. And we are, again, laser focused. We've got folks out at Aerojet Rocketdyne every single day. We'll see what happens. I know there's a second request right now with L3Harris as it relates to their potential acquisition. And we have been obviously in contact with everyone as it relates to that. So we'll have to see what happens. But I would tell you, in the current antitrust environment, no deal is certain until it is actually done. So we'll have to see how this plays out and make sure that, again, the Aerojet Rocketdyne continues to focus on delivery and not get distracted by this deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn of Melius Research.
Robert Spingarn : Neil, just going back to Collins. And I think in 2019, about 40%, 45% of the aftermarket there was from widebodies. I wanted to see if you could update us on where that is now? And how it's trending relative to narrow bodies, maybe this year and next?
Neil Mitchill : Thanks for the question, Rob. I think what I would say about the growth at Collins right now is the majority of it is still coming from the narrow-body. We have started to see wide-body begin to improve. I don't have the exact number in front of me on that mix today. But as we think about the wide-body environment, those volumes are coming up. I would say, particularly seeing that in the interiors business on the OE side, as they continue to take those production levels up. And as you said, today, I think Collins is more in the -- on the OE side, probably about 30% of their OE sales relate to widebody, with about 40% from narrowbody. And then on the aftermarket side -- I'm sorry -- let me just stop there. I think that's enough for those numbers right now.
Robert Spingarn : Okay. If I could just ask for a follow -- just a follow-up to Ron's question on the GTF losses, on the -- on engine delivery. And I think you mentioned recently somewhere that that's about $1 million per engine. Yes. How much of that is learning curve versus need for new productivity versus volume? In other words, which of those three things will improve the most?
Neil Mitchill : Volume. Clearly, volume, as we continue to ramp back up to levels that we saw pre-pandemic, are going to be the tailwind, if you will, on a per engine reduction in negative engine margin. As you'll recall, we were already producing in the high 50s rate as we kind of entered into 2020. And when you think about the headwind we saw here in the first quarter on 40% higher volume, we're getting good absorption as we continue to take up those engine volumes. I expect that to continue. We're always working productivity. We're working productivity to offset the growing costs that we're seeing, particularly on the casting side. So we're doing all of those things. But I would say what's going to drop to the bottom line is going to be driven by that higher volume and the absorption that comes from that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert of RBC.
Kenneth Herbert : I wanted to stay on Collins' aerospace for a minute. The first quarter aftermarket numbers were continuing to be pretty strong. You're seeing better pricing. Is it fair to assume that there's upside to sort of the full year aftermarket expectations within Collins? Or how do we see the sort of the remainder of the year progressing with tough comps, but with still very strong fundamentals in demand?
Neil Mitchill : Thanks for that question, Ken. Clearly, the first quarter was a good strong start. Collins has lot of operating profit growth in our year-over-year plan between 750 and 825 and certainly seeing a little over $200 million of that happen in the first quarter was encouraging. And I think when you look at the provisioning numbers that we saw from Collins, very strong, obviously. I think a lot of that was driven by these airlines getting ready to put their fleets up in the air and be prepared to continue to fly through the summer travel season. It's certainly a watch item today, I would say. Our aftermarket outlook for Collins is in the low teens plus range. So certainly, a positive indicator, but it's one quarter into the year. It's a little early to kind of take those numbers up. But certainly, if they continue at this level, there will be goodness. And we'll see that goodness drop to the bottom line. But certainly, a great start driven by all the right things. The China reopening certainly gave a boost in the first quarter for Collins. And as we see OE deliveries continue to at least stabilize and grow as the year goes on. And I think that too will add some tailwind there. But a little early to kind of give a bigger number at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr of Cowen.
Cai von Rumohr : So two issues at Pratt. First, you mentioned NEM was 50 million in the first quarter. Deliveries were up 48, so that's a little more than 1 million a unit. And yet if we look at the back part of the year, it should be another 50 to 70, something like that. And so why does NEM go up to 250? That seems an acceleration in the level per unit. And secondly, your aftermarket in the first quarter, up 14%. If I take out price, you're probably flat to up 1%. And I recognize it's a tough year-over-year compare. Why was it so low? And is part of that the casting shortage and having to allocate parts to OE?
Neil Mitchill : So let me take the first one. I think we can take it offline, Cai, and Jennifer can help you a little bit. But I think as we look at the volume uptick as we go through the rest of the year, you'll find that when you combine that with the mix of new and spare engines that our negative engine margin is stable, if not reducing a little bit. So I feel good about that. There's a number of different engine families that make that up. So we don't see any issues there in terms of cost headwinds or degradation on a per engine basis as the rest of the year goes. As you think about the aftermarket, a couple of thoughts there. I had mentioned that we were addressing and dealing with material flow and availability. Certainly, the castings are playing a part in that in terms of allocations amongst MRO and OE deliveries. But we did see price improvements in the Pratt & Whitney portfolio as we do every year, and the volume is also dropping through. The content on the shop business is also stepping up across almost all segments of Pratt & Whitney, large and the small engine business as well. So we're seeing the right momentum there. And I do expect that as we continue to see the casting improvements alleviate as the year goes on, you'll see that also drop through in the top and bottom line.
Gregory Hayes : Yes. I mean, Cai, the key for Pratt in terms of the aftermarket really goes back to V2500. And we see very strong input. I think shop visits were up more than 10% here in the quarter. So the pricing is a part of it, to Neil's point, but really, it is the volume coming back into the shops as these engines are flying more.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Greg Hayes for any closing remarks. Sir?
Gregory Hayes : Well, thank you, everyone, for listening in today. As always, Jennifer and her team will be around to answer all of your questions over the next couple of days. Thanks again for listening and take care. We'll see you. Bye.
Operator: This now concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Calio, Chief Operating Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being carried live on the Internet, and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies' website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition accounting adjustment and net non-recurring and/or significant items, often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Raytheon Technologies' SEC filings, including its Form 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. [Operator Instructions] You may ask further questions by reinserting yourself into the queue as time permits. With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Greg Hayes: Thank you, Latif, and good morning, everyone. I hope you've all had a chance to review our press release this morning. Before we get into the highlights, I'd first like to welcome Chris Calio to the call. As you know, Chris has been our Chief Operating Officer for the last year, has been responsible for our business units as well as our operations, engineering and digital functions. Effective March 1, Chris has been elected to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer of RTX. Chris has been instrumental over this past year in driving our focus on operational excellence and delivering for our customers in a very challenging environment. So welcome, Chris. Okay. Let's go to the webcast slide for Slide 2. We'll talk about some of the highlights for 2022. I dont need to tell anybody that 2022 was an incredibly dynamic year. And I'm pleased to say that we were able to achieve, despite facing a number of significant challenges, including transitioning out of Russia, managing record levels of inflation as well as supply chain and labor constraints. With all that as a backdrop, we still delivered $67.1 billion in sales for the full year, which was up 6% organically and adjusted EPS of $4.78, which was up 12% year-over-year. We also returned almost $6 billion of capital to shareowners, which included $2.8 billion of share repurchases. And more importantly, even with the $1.6 billion headwind from the R&D tax legislation, we generated $4.9 billion in free cash flow, which exceeded our expectations. At the same time, we continue to position the business for sustained profitable growth. In 2022, we captured $86 billion in new bookings, resulting in backlog growth of 12%, a book-to-bill of 1.28 and a near record backlog at the end of the year of $175 billion. Additionally, we were granted over 2,600 patents last year. This places us in the top 10 of companies in the United States for the second consecutive year. While we invested $9 billion in R&D and CapEx, this allowed us to bring new technologies to our market and drive further automation and digitization through each phase of our product lifestyle from design, through development, through manufacturing and product sustainment. Our investment in recent awards supports our mission to create a safer and more connected world, which was especially true in 2022. Our products and technologies have been instrumental in helping the people of Ukraine defend itself. From the Stinger, Javelin and Excalibur to NASAMS and now Patriot air and missile defense system, we remain in lockstep with the U.S. government to ensure we can continue to support our allies.  On the commercial side of the business, we saw continued advancements on our path towards leading the future of sustainable aviation with the start of development flight testing of the GTF Advantage engine, which, as you know, further enhances the GTF's position as the leader in fuel efficiency and CO2 emissions. Importantly, we also completed the first engine test run for our regional hybrid electric flight demonstrator. This system integrates a 1-megawatt electric motor, which was developed by Collins with a highly efficient Pratt & Whitney fuel burning engine, specifically adapted for hybrid electric operations. This new engine will reduce fuel burn and CO2 emissions by 30% compared to today's most advanced regional turboprop aircraft. These types of investments along with strong demand across both the commercial and defense end markets will position us for continued growth as we head into 2023. We're particularly proud that RTX outperformed among all companies in the Russell 1000 for local U.S. job creation in 2022. RTX leads the industry in employee giving and volunteering, which is a testament to the impact our workforce has in the communities where we work and where we live. Before I turn it over to Chris, I just want to spend a minute to talk about the status of our integration and the next steps as we evolve as a pure-play aerospace and defense company. As you know, in 2020, we brought together two great companies, UTC aerospace business and Raytheon. With combined strength, scale and capabilities that makes us uniquely equipped to innovate and deliver game-changing technologies and solutions for our customers. As we approach the third anniversary of this merger, we've accomplished many of our objectives, including exceeding our original synergy commitment, and we see even more opportunities ahead. So today, we're starting the next step in our integration and evolution. Our plan is to streamline our structure to a customer-centric organization with three focus segments: Collins Aerospace, Raytheon and Pratt & Whitney. This will better align us with our customers' needs and allow us to better collaborate on next-generation technology. There is still a lot of work to be done to make this happen, but let me turn it over to Chris to give you some of the additional details of this transformation and some additional business updates. Chris?
Chris Calio: All right. Thank you, Greg. It's great to join today's call, and I'm looking forward to engaging more with everybody. I'm starting here on Slide 3. Over the past year, I've been focused with our team on driving operational performance and program execution as well as identifying ways to improve our cost position and to ensure alignment between our investments and our strategic priorities. As Greg noted, our merger integration is nearly complete, having realized gross cost synergies of $1.4 billion. And so we are now in the process of realigning RTX into three business units. Let me give you some additional color around our thinking on this. At its core, this move is about enabling us to better coordinate with our customers, aligning with their needs and collaborating more effectively across our businesses, all of which is feedback we've received from our customers. All of this will ultimately enhance performance, make us even more competitive and allow us to capture additional revenue synergies in areas such as connected battle space. For example, just this past year, we were awarded a phase of the JADC2 effort known as TITAN, where RIS and Collins are working together to deliver this cutting-edge solution to ensure our joint forces have one common operating picture of the battle space. Additionally, this realignment will allow us to better leverage our scale so we can optimize our footprint, improve resource allocation and reduce costs for both RTX and our customers. Now we don't have a number for you today in terms of cost savings as we are in the early stages of that analysis, but we do believe there are additional material opportunities to be realized. Commencing with this reorganization, Roy Azevedo, President of RIS business, informed us of his plan to retire. Roy will, however, stay on as an adviser over the next several months to help us with this important transformation. Shawn Mural, currently the CFO of RI&S, has been made acting President of RIS, effective February 1. While organizational changes like this are never easy, we have demonstrated our ability to successfully execute on these types of initiatives in the past. And many members of the team involved in this process have experience from our recent portfolio and merger transformations. The exact timing of this change isnt final yet, the current plan is to make it effective during the second half of the year. Until then, we'll manage the business under our current structure. We'll provide updates on our progress over the coming months. Before I turn it over to Neil to discuss our results for the quarter and the outlook for the year, I want to turn to Slide 4 to share some of our critical assumptions for 2023 and the areas where we're focused to ensure we execute on our commitments. As Greg mentioned earlier, customer demand for our products and services continues to grow. In Commercial Aerospace, we expect global air traffic to fully recover to 2019 levels as we exit 2023 with continued strength in the U.S. and Europe. This is pretty consistent from what we're all hearing from the airlines. And like everyone else, we're keeping a close eye on China, which historically has represented about 14% of global air traffic. Our working assumption today is that China's lifting of COVID restrictions continues to be manageable and its traffic levels will remain robust. We also assume traffic in other parts of the world remain resilient. We are, therefore, expecting commercial aftermarket revenue growth across our aerospace businesses to approach 20% in 2023. Commercial production rates are also quickly accelerating. We expect commercial aircraft volumes will be up around 20% year-over-year. On the defense side, our backlog is expected to continue to grow given the heightened and increasingly complex threat environment. In the U.S., we continue to see strong bipartisan support as evidenced by the adoption of the Defense Authorization Bill and the Omnibus Appropriations Bill with a budget of $858 billion, which is up about 10% from 2022. In overseas, the EU is targeting a 70 billion increase in defense spending over the next three years and Japan will increase their defense budget by 26% this year. Given our current backlog and this continued strength in demand, we remain extremely focused on execution, and I see four key actions that will position us to be successful on this front. One, we continue to grow production capacity to deliver on this backlog as we move through 2023 and 2024. For example, we've made investments in key strategic locations like Asheville, North Carolina, for turbine airfoils, the Kinney, Texas for RF and EO/IR products and Bangalore, India to expand the Collins India manufacturing strategy. Second, we, of course, need a skilled workforce to execute our development and production programs. Labor availability remains a constraint. We've made some progress across RTX in Q4 through reduced attrition and other strategic retention and recruiting initiatives. Third, we need to continue restoring health within our supply chain. We've actively maintained a physical presence at close to 400 supplier sites. We continue to qualify additional suppliers on key programs. We secured sources of supply for critical commodities. While we are broadly beginning to see our supply chain improve, it is not yet at the levels we need, we are assuming a recovery as we move into the back half of the year. And lastly, we are taking a number of actions to deal with the elevated levels of inflation that everyone is experiencing. For perspective, we are expecting roughly $2 billion of labor and material inflation in 2023. And we are targeting to more than offset this headwind through higher pricing and aggressive cost reduction actions across all RTX. Some of these actions in the category are blocking and tackling, such as continual process improvement and some are more strategic in nature, such as driving productivity through increasing the amount of connected equipment and automated factory hours. There is no doubt, we've got a lot of work in front of us, but I think we all believe we've got the right actions identified, and more importantly, the right team in place to do it. So with that, let me turn it over to Neil to look at our financial results and outlook for 2023.
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, Chris. Let's turn to Slide 5. I'm pleased to see how we finished the year where we continue to see solid growth in organic sales, and adjusted earnings per share and robust free cash flow in the quarter. Fourth quarter sales of $18.1 billion grew 7% organically versus the prior year. This growth was primarily driven by our commercial aerospace businesses as the continued recovery in commercial air traffic more than offset the supply chain and labor challenges we saw during the year. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.27 was in line with our expectations and up 18%, led by the commercial aftermarket at Pratt & Collins, which more than offset the impact of lower productivity in our defense businesses. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.96 per share and included $0.31 of acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and nonrecurring items. It's worth noting that both GAAP and adjusted earnings per share had a tax benefit of about $0.06 associated with legal entity and operational reorganizations, which were completed during the quarter. And finally, we had free cash flow of $3.8 billion in the quarter, bringing our total cash generation for the year to $4.9 billion which exceeded our commitment as a result of stronger collections, particularly in international areas across the portfolio. With that, let's turn to Slide 6, and I'll get into the segment results. Starting with Collins. At Collins sales were $5.7 billion in the quarter, up 15% on an adjusted basis and up 16% organically, driven primarily by the continued recovery in commercial aerospace end markets. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 21%, driven by a 32% increase in provisioning and a 25% increase in parts and repair, while modifications and upgrades were up 5% organically in the quarter. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 6%. Commercial OE sales were up 20% versus prior year, driven principally by the continued strength in the narrow-body. Military sales were up 5%, driven primarily by improved material receipts, higher volume and new program awards. Adjusted operating profit of $743 million was up $274 million from the prior year as drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket volume and lower R&D expense was more than offset by higher SG&A expense. So shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 7, sales of $5.7 billion were up 10% on an adjusted basis and up 11% on an organic basis, with commercial OE sales growth in large commercial engines in Pratt Canada as well as higher commercial aftermarket volume. Commercial OE sales were up 37%, driven by favorable volume and mix within Pratt's large commercial engine and Pratt Canada businesses. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 11% in the quarter with growth in both legacy large commercial and Pratt Canada shop visits. In the military business, sales were down 2%, driven by lower military legacy program aftermarket sales. Adjusted operating profit of $321 million was up $159 million from the prior year, driven primarily by drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket, which included a favorable contract adjustment that was partially offset by higher SG&A and R&D. Turning now to RI&S on Slide 8. Sales of $3.5 billion were down 8% versus prior year on an adjusted basis, driven by the divestiture of the Global Training and Services business in the fourth quarter of 2021. On an organic basis, sales were down 5% versus prior year, driven by command, control and communications, cyber training and services and sensing and effects. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter of $278 million was down $122 million versus prior year. Excluding the impact of divestitures, operating profit was down $96 million, driven primarily by unfavorable mix, lower net program efficiencies and lower volume. RIS had a $2.9 billion of bookings in the quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.92 and a backlog of $16 billion and on a full year basis, RIS' book-to-bill was 0.96. Turning now to Slide 9. R&D sales were $4.1 billion, up 6% on an adjusted basis and up 7% organically, primarily driven by higher volume in Naval Power programs including SPY-6 production, higher volume in Strategic Missile Defense, including Next Generation Interceptor development and higher volume and advanced technology programs. Adjusted operating profit of $418 million was $68 million lower than the prior year, driven by unfavorable program mix and lower net program efficiencies, partially offset by drop-through on higher volume. RMD's bookings in the quarter were $6 billion for a book-to-bill of 1.48. And for the full year, RMD's book-to-bill was 1.37, resulting in a record backlog of $34 billion. So with that, let's turn to Slide 10 to discuss the financial outlook for the year. At the RTX level, we expect full year 2023 sales of between $72 billion and $73 billion, which represents organic growth of 7% to 9% year-over-year. From an earnings perspective, we expect adjusted earnings per share of $4.90 to $5.05, up 3% to 6% year-over-year. And we expect to generate free cash flow of about $4.8 billion. I should note, we are not assuming the legislation requiring R&D capitalization for tax purposes will be repealed in our outlook. And as a result, in 2023, we'll have a cash payment of about $1.4 billion related to the current law. While there are more details on the cash flow walk in the appendix, let me share a few of the moving pieces. First, we are expecting segment operating profit growth. Offsetting that will be increases in working capital, capital expenditures as well as a lower pension cost recovery. Additionally, we're expecting to buy back approximately $3 billion of RTX shares in 2023, of course, subject to market conditions. Now getting into the details around the earnings per share walk, starting at the segment level, we expect strong operating profit growth of about 20%, which results in about $0.77 of earnings per share growth at the midpoint of our outlook range. And as Chris noted earlier, this overcomes about $2 billion of material and labor inflation. And with respect to pension, although markets have improved since we spoke in October, pension will still be a substantial year-over-year headwind. Based on actual 2022 asset returns and where discount rates ended the year, that headwind will be about $0.22. Our tax rate in 2023 is expected to be approximately 18% versus the 14.4% we saw in 2022, which will result in a $0.22 headwind. This change is primarily driven by benefits recorded in 2022 that likely won't repeat in 2023. And to wrap things up, we see about $0.14 of net headwind year-over-year, primarily driven by higher interest and corporate expenses, and all of this brings us to our outlook range of $4.90 to $5.05 per share. So with that, let's go to Slide 11 for a little more detail on the segment outlooks. At Collins, we expect full year sales to be up low double digits, primarily driven by continuation of the commercial aero recovery. Military sales at Collins are expected to be up mid-single digits for the year as well. We expect Collins adjusted operating profit to grow between $750 million and $825 million versus last year, and this is primarily driven by drop-through on commercial aftermarket, higher OE production ramp and increased defense volumes. At Pratt & Whitney, we expect full year sales to be up low to mid-teens versus prior year, principally driven by higher OE deliveries in both Pratt's large commercial engine and Pratt Canada businesses, as well as continued growth in legacy large commercial engines, GTF aftermarket and Pratt Canada shop visits. Military sales at Pratt are expected to be flat, driven by higher F135 sustainment volume, which will offset lower F135 material inputs. We expect Pratt's adjusted operating profit to grow between $200 million and $275 million versus last year, primarily on higher aftermarket volume, which is partially offset by a higher large commercial OE delivery impact. Turning to RI&S, we expect full year sales to be flat versus the prior year and adjusted operating profit to be up between $75 million and $125 million, driven by improved net program efficiencies. And in R&D, we expect sales to grow low-to-mid single digits versus 2022 as the effects of the supply chain constraints ease in the back half of the year and for adjusted operating profit to be up between $175 million and $225 million versus prior year, driven by improved net program efficiencies, which will be partially offset by continued mix headwinds. And finally, higher intercompany activity will increase sales eliminations by about 10% year-over-year. And it's also worth noting, we've included an outlook for some of the below-the-line items and pension in the webcast appendix. So with that, let me hand it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay, Neil, thanks very much. So we're going to close out on Slide 12 and take a quick look at our priorities. Obviously, there is no surprises here. As we head into 2023, I would tell you the future remains bright for RTX, especially with a $175 billion backlog and strong demand in all of our end markets. We also know the challenges that we saw in 2022 will continue, and we'll keep working to mitigate the big three that we continued to focus on: supply chain, labor and inflation. And although we're monitoring the macro environment, we remain optimistic on the economic outlook as the demand drivers for our businesses remain incredibly strong. As Chris mentioned, we're actively preparing for the demand ahead by expanding capacity, investing in digital solutions and leveraging automation to unlock efficiencies across our value streams. We have the right team in place, and we're making the right investments. And we're also taking proactive actions to mitigate the risks we see today and to ensure success not just in 2023 but beyond. The streamlining lining of our businesses is just the next step in our journey on leveraging the unique scale and capabilities of RTX to deliver value for our customers and our shareowners. Right now, it's all about program execution and managing costs. We have the backlog, we have the demand, and we have the technology and our balance between defense and commercial aero will help us navigate into the future. We will, of course, continue to stay disciplined in capital allocation, and were going to generate strong free cash flow this year and beyond, all of which enables us to return significant value to our shareowners. Most importantly, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our 2025 targets. Were going to provide an update at our upcoming Investor Day, which will be on June 19 at the Paris Air Show. Before I close, I really want to say a special thank you to Roy Azevedo for his many contributions to Raytheon over these past 34 years. Roy has been a key member of our senior leadership team at RTX for the past three years, and we wish him nothing but health and success as he moves into the next phase of his career. So with that, lets close out the  this portion and open it up for questions. Latif?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Please go ahead, Robert.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Rob.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Greg, just like to follow-up on your final comment there on your confidence in 2025, whether theres confidence has been shaken anyway by this change in the R&D tax legislation but also the supply chain challenges because you basically have to double the cash flow between now and then to get to your target.
Greg Hayes: Rob that is a great question, one that we have been working through over these last couple of months. We obviously thought going into the end of 2022 that the tax legislation, the R&D amortization would get eliminated. Unfortunately, that didnt happen. That cost us $1.6 billion last year. As Neil said, it will be another $1.4 billion. And as we go into the 2025 time frame, that drag will still be about $1 billion, about $800 million of that is actual net R&D deferral and theres a couple of hundred million dollars of additional interest expense and financing our little loan to the government. So is all that being equal, we still see  and we had always talked about a $10 billion free cash flow in 2025. Realistically, I think that number is going to be $9 billion. Now most of that growth from, lets call it, $5 billion this year to $9 billion is going to come from segment operating profit. We should grow between 2022 and 2025 by about $5 billion. And that just assumes an execution on the current demand that we have in backlog, right? Thats  theres nothing else magic about that except the continued return of people flying and the defense budgets remaining very robust. So we see a path to the $9 billion. I dont see a path to the $10 billion today because of the R&D. But its a long time, maybe we hope that people in Washington will understand that theyre making a very, very bad tactical decision here and not allowing us to deduct R&D, but it is the reality that we face today.
Robert Stallard: Right. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Your question please, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi, good morning, guys, and thank you. Maybe a little bit more focus on 2023. You mentioned 400 suppliers in the supply chain. How are you expecting the supply chain to unravel across both the commercial aerospace and defense segments? And you mentioned $2 billion of inflation headwinds. Can you talk about the impact of pricing on a net basis and across the businesses, maybe where youre seeing the most impact?
Chris Calio: Hey Sheila, its Chris. Ill start with this one and then invite Neil and Greg to chime in. So lets talk about supply chain for a minute. Maybe start with the positive, which was  saw some stabilization as we exited the year last year. If you look at R&D, material receipts were up 30% Q3 to Q4. Supplier delinquencies were down. At Pratt, we saw some uptick in casting deliveries. So those are some of the green shoots that we saw at the end of the year. But Ill tell you, its not where we need to be, especially for the back half of 2023. The kinds of things that were focused on, candidly are the things that we can control. Weve got the people on site, as you mentioned, and theyre responding to engineering and quality issues, giving us better visibility of whats going on. Were leaving bottlenecks and also finding issues earlier than perhaps we were previously giving us more time to react. We qualified some additional suppliers and negotiated additional LTAs. I think we did about 400 agreements last year with about $1.8 billion in annual spend. So again, giving our suppliers better visibility into our demand and what were doing. And then candidly, were taking some actions in our own house to better enable supply chain performance, small things like reducing the time it takes to place a PO to perhaps more complex things like engineering changes to improve the yields on some of our complex parts and ensuring weve got sort of a stable configuration as programs move from development into production. So those are all the things that were focused on continue to drive health and supply chain. But youre right, were going to need it to perform to hit these numbers weve got here in 2023 and beyond.
Greg Hayes: So Sheila, the other question you had there was on inflation. And I think, again, we  the $2 billion of inflation is a real number we saw it last year. We were able to overcome it through cost reduction as well as some additional pricing. And again, we will see pricing benefits again in 2023, especially on the commercial aftermarket side. Keep in mind also on the defense side about 1/3 of our business is cost type, cost reimbursable and so some of that inflation gets passed automatically along to our customer at the Department of Defense. As I think about that $2 billion, right about $1.2 billion I think Chris said is product related and about $800 million of that is people cost. And that is a real number. Weve got roughly $20 billion in compensation costs across RTX thats about a 4% increase year-over-year for $800 million. Its a big number. But again, weve got plans in place for cost reduction both in the supply chain and in the factories as well as in the back office. And some of this transformation activity that Chris mentioned with the realignment of the businesses will also present us an opportunity to get after some of that cost. So its real, but weve got plans and I think we have more than provided for that in the guidance that Neil covered.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you, both.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Sheila.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein of Bank of America. Your question please, Ronald.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, yes. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Hayes: Hey Ron, good morning.
Ronald Epstein: Good question for you about this restructuring reorganization, I guess, in the defense business in Raytheon. I think we all understand that youll get cost synergies out of it. But if you look at RIS in the quarter with the sales down 5%, how does the reorganization boost sales synergies. I think that thats the first question. And then the second question is, I mean its really  I mean, how do you boost that? And then the second question is, is there some restructuring that actually has to go on in that portfolio? Because are there some businesses in there that are just structurally lagging?
Chris Calio: Hey Ron, its Chris. Maybe Ill take a crack at the sales synergy. So again, as we kind of said upfront, this is about taking the organization to the next level, right? You got a tremendous defense backlog, something like $70 billion RIS R&D. And this is really about enhancing customer alignment and coordination. Weve had customer feedback throughout the last couple of years about the need for us to figure out how to better integrate some of our solutions, providing mission solutions to the customers, coming in with a unified narrative and an investment story. All of these things, I think, will enable us to work better and frankly, collaborate better across businesses. In large organizations like ours, you wont be surprised to hear that sometimes theres some friction there, and we think this will help remove some of that friction and again, provide better solutions to the customer. So thus far, the customer feedback, those that weve spoken to sort of see that potential and its up to us to execute on it. As of the portfolio, I think, again, RIS has a very strong portfolio. Book-to-bill was 0.96 not necessarily where we wanted. We had some campaigns push out of the year, but feel really strong again about the portfolio, and were going to continue to invest in it.
Greg Hayes: Ron, let me just jump in and add to that. As we look at this reorganization, this is not just about putting RIS and RMD together to recreate the old legacy Raytheon Company. Were going to look to take the entire portfolio of RIS, Collins, RMD and move the pieces where they most appropriately align from a technology and a customer standpoint. So you may well see pieces, especially related to JADC2 moving into the Collins business. Well see how all of this evolves over the next several months. I would tell you by the time we get to the end of the first quarter, we should have a really good understanding of what the new organization is going to look like. Well share that with everybody at that point. Its going to take us longer than that to actually do the rewiring thats why were talking about kind of a mid-year. But I agree with Chris. I think the portfolio that we have across the legacy Raytheon and Collins business is really quite strong. And the book-to-bill well be  well get better at some of those legacy RI&S businesses, especially in the Space segment. I would also tell you that the performance in Q4 was not great, but it was really program  legacy programs from many years ago that we still have not completed. So theres some work to do there. But I would tell you the portfolio is not broken or the business is not broken.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Your question please, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Neil Mitchill: Hey Noah, how are you? Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Good. Recognizing that theres multiple top line inputs that are out of your control at the moment, which of the 2025 segment margin targets hold and which do not at this point? Because in the two aerospace segments, the 2024, 2025 incrementals required to get there are a lot better than 2023. And then obviously, on the defense side, it requires a pretty big step up. So help me with that math? And I guess, just whats the latest medium-term outlook for each of the segment margins?
Neil Mitchill: Yes. Noah, let me take a stab at that one for you because as you look out to 2025, clearly, weve had in 2022, some supply chain and labor impacts that have kind of caused us to come in a little lower than our initial expectations. However, when you think about that backlog that weve been talking about, its $175 billion at the company level, $69 billion, $70 billion within the defense. We have a lot to deliver ahead of us. And so I think theres going to be some puts and takes as we look at the segments on an individual basis as you get out to 2025. But as I step back and look at the totality of RTX and where we projected to be and where were aiming to go and with that backlog, we feel confident that we can get there. We can get the sales growth, get the earnings growth and Greg already hit on the cash flow pieces there. So some things have changed since weve talked in 2021. Were certainly dealing with a lot more inflation, but weve also got the situation in Ukraine that has given R&D some tailwinds. So when we get to June, well be able to lay out that in more detail. It also be aligned with the format of our new operating segments at that time. But I think theres going to be some puts and takes, but were all focused on driving margin improvements and making the right investments to drive that automation in the factory and digitization. I should add to Gregs comments earlier about the free cash flow walk. Well probably see about $0.5 billion of capital headwind between 2022 and 2023. So making the right investments. Im really focused on earnings growth and conversion to cash and so well see where the margins land, but I do think were going to get that earnings growth.
Noah Poponak: Is it your anticipation that youll have a few hundred basis points of defense segment margin expansion over the next few years? And is that all cost or is that mix? Or is it not dealing with supply chain? Or how do you do that?
Greg Hayes: Its  I would tell you, it is a combination of all of those things. Its supply chain getting better, which allows us to see productivity in our factories. Its also  as we move from these LRIP contracts, initial rates of production on LTAMDS and SPY-6 and others to full rate production to see an improvement in margin on the production side as well as the mix of DoD versus international sales. Today, were actually at a low point of about 30% at RMD of international versus DoD sales that actually transitions back towards a more historical level 40%, 45% as we do more exports, especially around LTAMDS and some of these new systems.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird. Your question please, Peter.
Peter Arment: Hey, good morning, Greg.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Arment: Greg, I want to say in RMD. Youve just up low to mid-single digits on an organic basis. Just in the backdrop, it seems like it should be potentially better than that. Obviously, wondering if you could just kind of parse out how much is being impacted by the supply chain. And if  just when we think about all the DoD potential replenishment activity, plus youve got strong demand from NATO allies. Just a lot of opportunities for the space, it feels like you should be having a more potentially sustained top line growth. Maybe just your thoughts on that over the coming next couple of years. Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Peter, I think youre spot on. I think as we look at 2023 and then 2024, there is more growth potential at RMD than there probably is any business outside of Collins just because, again, the backlog is so strong. I would tell you, given the challenges that we saw in supply chain last year and driving material in, I think weve taken a more conservative view of 2023 performance there. I think total material inputs at RMD last year were around $6 billion. This year, were looking at about $6.5 billion. But quite frankly, the demand is out there for more. So that $6.5 billion should also drive some productivity, $100 million to $150 million. Again, I think thats actually light by historical standards, but were  I hate to say that were conservative again and again. But really we set these targets. So we think we can absolutely deliver. Were not going to have to go back and relook at these in the middle of the year. But there is certainly the demand out there for higher top line and that would result in higher bottom line. But most of that growth, I think, will come in 2024 when we really see supply chain back to where we had seen it pre-pandemic. And that is the key for RMD. Theyve got the orders. Weve got the capacity. We just have to bring  drive the material in and that $6.5 billion that we see next year is going to have to continue to grow significantly to meet the demand out there that we see.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research. Your question please, Myles.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Hey, good morning. And Greg, just a follow-up first. I think you just said RMD might have the fastest growth outside of Collins. And I just wanted to clarify, is Pratt still the faster growing of the two? Or is Collins now faster growing?
Greg Hayes: From a bottom line perspective, its going to be Collins, right? I think, again, top line, youre going to see  what is the number, Neil, for 2023 here for Pratt?
Neil Mitchill: For 2023, theyll be up low to mid-teens. So very substantial growth for 2023. And sort of as you look out over the next several years. These  all four businesses are in the same ZIP code of high single-digit type of sales growth on a CAGR basis.
Myles Walton: Got it. And maybe a more detailed question on Pratt. If you can just give a little color on where GTF is in the aftermarket composition where legacy higher-margin aftermarket is in that composition? And how those two play out over the next several years? And also how the GTF aftermarket is trending versus your sort of assumptions of profitability on those long-term contracts?
Chris Calio: Myles, this is Chris. Maybe just as a step back for a minute on GTF. Demand remains really, really strong. As you know, we continue to do the block upgrades to drive improved time on wing obviously, improve time on wing helps with their contract profitability. We continue to incorporate upgrades to sort of improve the customer experience. On the aftermarket side, in 2022 turned slightly positive. And so from this point, its about accelerating those margins. Youre going to see that through some better contract mix as we talked about back in Investor Day in 2021. Youre going to see that through increased time on wing through some of these upgrades. And so the GTF aftermarket profitability is something that is of high focus at frac given the growing installed base, get about 2,500 engines out there and a very large backlog. So GTF aftermarket is a huge driver.
Neil Mitchill: And maybe Ill just put a couple of financial numbers around that to help out a little bit. But at Pratt for 2023, we think the aftermarket there will be up between 20% and 25% from a sales perspective. So think about the legacy shop visits being about 15% to 20% up year-over-year. On the OE side, that would imply about a mid-teens sort of a sales growth there. So we see strong growth, obviously, in the commercial business. And I guess while Im on Pratt, Ill just throw out a couple of the Collins numbers just so everyone has them. In their aftermarket business, think about that as being up sort of low double digits to low teens, sequentially kind of growing in the low single-digit percentage kind of range. And on the OE side, up low to mid-teens year-over-year. So again, with all that OE growth that we see across the narrow and wide-body platforms, youll see that both at Pratt and Collins.
Myles Walton: Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Your question please, David.
David Strauss: Good morning, everyone.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Greg, I guess following up on that. Could you just comment where you are on, I guess, across mainly Collins, but also touching on Pratt, where you are relative to the manufacturer stated rates, I guess, in particular on the MAX in the low 30s, A320 in the mid to high 40s and 787 around two a month. Thanks.
Greg Hayes: David, its something we focus a lot on. Obviously, we are, I would tell you, at Collins and at Pratt in lockstep with Boeing and Airbus in terms of their production rates. Obviously, some of the challenges that weve talked about at Pratt on the supply chain with structural castings is limited, I would say, some of our ability to meet some of the demand out there. Thats starting to ease. And again, we are working very closely with Airbus on the A320 production rate. As far as 737, thats really a Collins story. And we  the outlook that Neil talked about, that assumes those rates that you talked about around 31 aircraft or so a month on average. I think they were a little light on that in the fourth quarter, but we think well get back to that. They still have roughly 200 aircraft that be delivered that are in inventory, too, from when the line was shut down, which, again, also is part of Collins upside for the year. As far as 787, we see that, as you said, I think its one a month going to two a month and perhaps up to three. Again, I think thats  that will all depend upon Boeings ability to continue to get the aircraft out the door. But we are working with them on a daily, weekly basis to make sure that we can support them. But we dont see anything in our supply chain today that would prevent us from delivering either at Boeing or Airbus to the rates that they need.
David Strauss: Great. And Greg, could you just comment on the interiors business, how thats doing? Is that  if youre starting to see a pickup there from the widebody side? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Its  David, its one of those things, it is probably the slowest recovery of all of the Collins businesses to your point because it is primarily widebody. And as the airlines were conserving cash for these last couple of years, we saw sales down significantly. We dont expect a recovery in the interiors business, literally over the next three years. So it gets better, but its still not back to what it was pre-pandemic. Its  it will remain a challenge.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr of Cowen. Your question please, Cai.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thank you so much. So cash flow  in the fourth quarter, you had a $900 million uptick in payables, a huge uptick in contract liabilities and yet inventory where you normally get a benefit in the fourth quarter were actually up a bit. Maybe comment on some of those trends and how that translates to a flat year in 2023.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Cai. Good morning. Let me start on 2022 and where we ended the year. Youre right, the inventory was up. I would say most of that was at Pratt and Collins as you think about the backlog, the growth rates we just talked about on the commercial aerospace side and the supply chain issues that were all working to overcome. We were pretty strategic in our thinking around making sure we're bringing the materials and so that we can deliver and meet the customer commitments. You pointed out the accounts payable growth there. So not all, but a large portion of that inventory growth was sort of offset by the payables to kind of go along with that. On the advances side or the contract side, really that was driven by some  a couple of large international advances that we received in December. That contributed to our overdrive of free cash flow, which was about $500 million relative to our expectations. That will be a drag on working capital as you get into 2023. And as I look at the 2023 free cash flow, we see a little bit of headwind on the working capital, in part because of some of the advances that we got at the end of 2022. And I'd say in part because we're going to continue to be pretty strategic about making sure that we bring in parts and materials where we need them and where there's constraints and bottlenecks in the supply chain value stream right now. So on balance, we're always targeting to take that inventory balance down, but we want to be smart and make sure we have the products so we can deliver it. We will be seeing improved velocity through our factories as we go through 2023. So I'd expect the turns to improve here. But all eyes on the inventory management for sure, and then managing through the collections as we get into 2023 at our international customer sites.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley. Your question please, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning everyone.
Greg Hayes: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: Greg and Chris, hey, following up on the supply chain what issues did the same versus 2022 versus what issues are different, I mean considering the strengthening visibility on demand, I would have assumed that we've seen a lot more improvement by now. So what's the root of the problem? And can you provide more details on the actions you're taking to get this resolved by the second half of the year?
Chris Calio: Hey Kristine its Chris. So I would say the constraints are those that we've talked about previously. I said that we saw some improvement on castings, but it's not where it needs to be, so casting is still there. Rocket Motors continues to be a pacing item at R&D. And microelectronics, while the lead times have stabilized, they haven't come down and back to 2019 historical levels. And so those are sort of the three main areas that I talked about. We've talked about in the past that continue to be a headwind as we're moving into 2023. In terms of the specific actions, I talked about a few of them earlier. But again, some of this is what I would call blocking and tackling in the factories, whether it be ours or our supply chain. And I mentioned that before in some cases, we'll try to make an engineering change to improve producibility and ultimately yield. In other places, we just need to be in with our customer answering quality questions and making sure we can help them relieve bottlenecks. On microelectronics, a lot of that was about really the supply base, understanding our demand and then working some interesting agreements, negotiated agreements on making sure that we had our priority place in line and we made sure that we had our right allocation. With what you're seeing on the consumer side in terms of microelectronics coming down, we expect to see our allocation get better in that area, but again, still not where it needs to be here in 2023. We are assuming a back half recovery. So certainly not all is lost, but it will be the man-to-man defense here to get to that point.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks Chris. And Greg, maybe a follow-up; you mentioned on your commentary on commercial large structural casting. It sounded more constructive today than your commentary in previous quarters. I was wondering what changed in the supply chain that you're seeing to make you more confident? How much of that is the OEMs walking away from, like Airbus walking away from the 75 per month versus you're seeing that ease through investments they're making or maybe labor easing?
Greg Hayes: Well, I think, Kristine, if you think about the structural casting issue, we're not out of the woods, as Chris said, but it has certainly gotten a lot better from where we were a year ago today. And we continue to work with the suppliers there, primarily around the requirement side, making sure that the specifications that we're flowing down are actually producible in the supply chain. So that's giving us this confidence. But as Chris said, it's going to be the end of 2023 before we see structural castings back to 2019 levels. Again, we've got confidence they have been bringing people on, they have been training people. We have folks out there helping them. But all of that would support the OE rates that we need to support for 2023. Anything you want to add there, Chris?
Chris Calio: No. I would just support you said, Greg, that our supply chain is bringing in labor, they're starting to see more success on that front. But in some cases, like take casting, this is a pretty complex process. And there's a learning curve for folks that you bring in and take some time to come down that learning curve to get to a level of productivity that we need to see for the improvements here; but again, focused on that in the back half of 2023.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned of Bernstein. Please go ahead, Doug.
Doug Harned: Thank you. Good morning. On Pratt, you're talking about 15% to 20% growth in the aftermarket and the legacy programs this year. One of the things that we've been concerned about has been capacity constraints just it's taking longer if they get a V2500 into a shop for an overhaul and longer to get it through. When you look at that upside you're forecasting, how are you thinking about the capacity issue labor availability? And is there potentially further upside from that if you can actually get  have more success there?
Greg Hayes: Doug, let me start with that, and maybe Chris will add. So as we think about the outlook, you're right to say that we see the large commercial engine  legacy commercial engine shop visits up 15% to 20%. Think about the Vs being up around 20%, and if you think about the math there, we were a little over 700 or so as we exited 2022. So that puts us in the mid-800s, kind of a range expectation for 2023, which is a level we've been at before. So as it relates to capacity, we have that level of capacity for the legacy shop visits. And it really then comes back to the conversation we've been having here for the last hour about ensuring that the supply chain is there and ready to support that level of shop visit inductions, which again, we've been planning. These expectations are in line with the numbers that Chris put out there back in May of 2021. So again, the supply chain, I think expects this level of an uptick in our shops to as well. In terms of  is there upside as you think about retirements of this aircraft, for example, it was 21 aircraft in the last year got retired that V2500 powered. So I'm not going to get ahead of ourselves. But I think that when you look at the dynamics around OE deliveries today of new aircraft, we think the V2500 still has a lot of life left in it. About a third of that fleet has yet to see its first shop visit, and so I'm cautiously optimistic that we will see that fly for a longer period of time at these elevated levels. Chris, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add to that?
Chris Calio: Doug, I would add that you're right, turn times have been elevated on V and other platforms. And so we don't see as many supply chain constraints there, perhaps as we do in other areas. I would say the labor is stabilizing. Again, you bring in people off the street to do MRO, there is a learning curve associated with that individual becoming a productive technician and maintenance personnel. But we believe we've got the plan in place there. In terms of upside, I mean, again, if you listen to lessors and others out there today, and Neil kind of referenced this, given the supply chain challenges we're having on perhaps new production, you're seeing airlines hold on to older assets longer, signing up for longer leases. So again, it kind of goes to the life of the V2500 maybe being some upside there.
Doug Harned: And just really quick, what was the favorable contract adjustment, the size of that Pratt for the quarter?
Neil Mitchill: From an operating profit, think about a few pennies.
Doug Harned: Okay. All right. Great. Okay. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your question please, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks. Thanks for the final question. Guys, I wonder if we could dig in a little bit more on the GTF. And you talked, Chris, a little bit about the time on wing. What we've been reading lately from comments from some of the leasing companies and comments in the press is the time on wing on new generation engines has been falling short of expectations. And so a) kind of to what degree do you share that perception and kind of where does it need to get; b) what specifically in the engine do you need to kind of improve to get it there; and then the last part is, I think you mentioned the GTF aftermarket profits were positive for the first time. And just with a relatively young pool of engines and maybe some time on wing challenges, how do profits get to positive?
Chris Calio: So I would say that I generally agree with the sentiment that you're hearing, time on wing, and we've been pretty open about this. And very open dialogue with our customers, a lot of time on wing  on newer platforms, not necessarily being where we wanted them to be when we launched the program. We have done a number of block upgrades. As I said, we've got a block upgrade going in now through MRO that increases time on wing. On average, about 20% just based on the geography that you're in. And we've got some other, I'd say, durability and reliability hardware and software fixes that we put in as well. So we want to  we obviously want to get to the contractual levels that we have promised, and we've got a plan to go do that with these upgrades, Seth. I will tell you, keep in mind, you've got the GTF advantage that's going to start cutting in 2024. As you know, that's the next generation of the GTF, more thrust, better fuel burn, start flight testing in Q4 with Airbus, and we remain on track there in  for 2024 EIS. That takes all of the lessons learned we've had on the, what I call base GTF program and some enhanced testing. And we think that that's the next generation that will get to the levels of performance and time on wing that our customers are anticipating. But even on the  what I'll call the existing fleet today, we've got upgrade plans to continue to push that time on wing higher and higher. Our customers are demanding it, and our contracts are dependent on it. So we're aligned there.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks very much.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Seth, and thank you, everyone, for listening today. As always, Jennifer and her team are going to be available today, tomorrow, the rest of the week to answer any follow-up questions that you have. Thank you for listening, and take care, everyone.
Operator: This now concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Olivia and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being carried live on the Internet and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net non-recurring and/or significant items often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Raytheon Technologies SEC filings, including its Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Greg Hayes: Thank you, Olivia, and good morning, everybody. As you can see in the press release this morning, RTX had another solid quarter of growth led by commercial aerospace and extremely strong demand for our products with over $22 billion of awards in the quarter. I think it's important to note our balanced aerospace and defense portfolio, along with operational resiliency, remain the key differentiators which enable us to deliver on our commitments despite some near-term macro challenges and uncertainties.  Not sure what that noise is.  I think it's also important to note we've overcome some significant headwinds in 2022 from transitioning out of Russia to record inflation and a strained supply chain. I think it's important, those are short-term issues and while we continue the day-to-day work to mitigate those challenges, we also continue to grow our $168 billion backlogs and invest in the future through over $9 billion of R&D, capital expenditures and customer-funded research and development. Those investments, coupled with strong demand for our systems across each of our businesses, positions us for significant growth runway as the near-term headwinds recede. Before we get to the results, let me just spend a few minutes discussing the trends we're seeing in some of our end markets. On the defense side, no surprises. The elevated threat environment has significantly influenced how the U.S. and our allies are thinking about their defense capabilities and readiness. And as a result, this has driven global defense budgets substantially higher, a trend we expect to continue for the foreseeable future.  Just as an example, in Europe, Switzerland recently signed a $6.25 billion contract to buy 36 F-35 jets, modernizing their fleet and driving demand, of course, for our F135 engine through the end of the decade. We're also seeing significant global demand for advanced air defense systems, especially in Eastern Europe, as the Russians and Ukraine conflict, unfortunately, continues. This includes 2 of our NASAMS system, which is the short -- surface-to-air missile system that will help protect the people of Ukraine. And we expect more orders beyond those 2 to follow shortly. The heightened threat environment continues to drive strong orders. During the quarter, we saw strong domestic and international demand for our products with a number of significant defense awards, which resulted in a book-to-bill of 1.22 and a backlog that's up about $2 billion sequentially. Of particular note, our Missiles & Defense business was awarded $1 billion to develop the Hypersonic Attack Cruise Missile or HACM for the U.S. Air Force. It's a first-of-its-kind missile that leverages air breathing scramjet propulsion technology and that can travel at hypersonic speeds of Mach 5 or greater. Additionally, R&D completed the systems requirement review for the hypersonic glide phase interceptor program prototype. This is designed to protect the United States from increasing hypersonic missile threats. Both of these accomplishments demonstrate that Raytheon Technologies is a leader in the race to develop and deploy operational hypersonic and importantly, counter-hypersonic systems, a key strategic priority for the Department of Defense. RMD also was awarded about $1 billion from the U.S. Air Force, Navy and international customers for advanced AMRAAM, which is the Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missile. These missiles have been upgraded with the most sophisticated technology needed to maintain the edge over adversaries of the U.S. and our international allies. At RIS, we saw an additional $1.6 billion in classified awards in the quarter. The team was also awarded $215 million from the FAA to upgrade their wide area augmentation system to enhance safer air travel in support of the national aerospace system. At Pratt & Whitney, the team recently delivered the 1,000th F135 engine and was awarded over $800 million through the quarter -- in the quarter to continue supporting the F135, which is the safest, most capable and best value military jet engine in operation. And we're working on the F135 engine core upgrade known as the Enhanced Engine Package or EEP. This will allow the F135 to provide even more thrust, range and electrification to the aircraft. The EEP offers the most cost-effective and lowest-risk solution to enable the F-35's Block 4 upgrade. At Collins, we received a $583 million IDIQ award for the MAPS Gen II program, which maintains the integrity of positioning and timing in a GPS contested or denied environment. And it's an important award to ensure mission success within a more connected battle space. As you can see, the defense pipeline remains robust, and we expect continued order strength in the future as we continue to win key awards to successfully demonstrate our technology leadership and innovation capabilities. Moving to the commercial side. Air traffic remains strong as third quarter global revenue passenger miles reached 75% of 2019 levels. In the U.S., travelers through TSA checkpoints reached 91% of 2019 levels with Labor Day domestic traffic exceeding 2019. And we continue to see steady improvement in long-haul international traffic with wide-body hours flown up nearly 40% year-over-year. The strong demand -- the strong commercial aerospace recovery was driving demand for our commercial products and services. And we continue to innovate to deliver value for our customers. For example, just a few weeks ago, Pratt began development flight testing of the GTF Advantage engine on the A320neo aircraft in Toulouse, France. The GTF Advantage reduces fuel consumption and CO2 emissions by a total of 17% compared to the prior generation engines, extending the engine's lead as the most efficient power plant for the A320 family. Also during the quarter, Pratt completed the first flight test of the GTF-powered A321XLR or Extra Long Range, 2 significant milestones for the GTF family of engines. So even with some near-term challenges, we continue to invest in innovation for continued growth in air travel and to meet the strong defense demand. Okay. With that as a background, let's turn to Slide 2, some highlights of the quarter. In the quarter, we delivered another strong organic sales growth of 6%. Adjusted EPS was ahead of our expectations at $1.21, and free cash flow is also ahead of our expectations despite a $1.5 billion additional tax payment we made related to the RMD amortization. Sales growth was again led by strong commercial aftermarket sales that were up 24% over the prior year. However, we continue to see challenges related to supply chain and labor availability in each of our businesses. On the capital allocation front, we repurchased over $600 million of shares in the quarter, putting us at $2.4 billion year-to-date. And we remain on track to repurchase at least $2.5 billion for the year. Through the end of the third quarter, we've returned over $12 billion of capital to shareholders since the merger, and we're well on our way to -- our commitment to return at least $20 billion in the first 4 years following the merger. Before I hand it over to Neil, notwithstanding the strength in demand that we're seeing across our businesses, the industry-wide challenges we're facing remain the same. You've heard me talk about them before: supply chain, labor and inflation. But we continue to focus on what we can control by proactively managing the businesses through these dynamic times. Let me give you some examples of what we're doing. On the microelectronics front, we're working closely with our distributors and the OEMs to bring more capacity online. We also have a direct engagement, which has led to higher deliveries and an acceleration of expected recoveries for certain wafers and chips. At RMD, we're working hand in hand with our rocket motor supplier holding daily senior management meetings to track work in progress and solve technical problems real time. We're also leveraging RTX's contract labor agreements to help source labor in our supply base. To mitigate the impacts of inflation, we take multiple -- we've been taking multiple actions. For example, we're leveraging our raw material contracts from the business from RTX to get best prices for our suppliers as well. And while supply chain disruptions are frustrating, we are seeing some stabilization, and we're encouraged by the demand signals across the business. That said, these headwinds continue to pressure the business.  So as we finish out the year, just a couple of thoughts. We're going to have to adjust our full year sales outlook slightly to a new range of $67 billion to $67.3 billion. We're going to bring up the bottom of our adjusted EPS range by $0.10, $4.70 to $4.80. And we continue to see free cash flow of about $4 billion for the year. With that, let me turn it over to Neil and Jennifer to take you through the details. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, Greg. Before I get into the full year, let's look at our Q3 results on Slide 3. Sales of $17 billion grew 6% organically versus the prior year with organic growth at Collins, Pratt and RIS more than offsetting a decline in RMD. The ongoing recovery of commercial air travel and a strong summer travel season drove our aerospace performance while we continue to see challenges in the supply chain, as Greg mentioned. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.21 was down 4% year-over-year but ahead of our expectations on better commercial aero. Segment operating profit growth of 12% was more than offset by the absence of a prior year tax benefit and lower pension income. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.94 per share, included $0.27 of acquisition accounting adjustments and restructuring. And free cash flow of $263 million was also ahead of our expectations and included the impact of the $1.5 billion cash payment that Greg just mentioned. On the cost reduction front, we achieved an incremental $105 million of gross merger cost synergies in the quarter, bringing our merger to date total to $1.3 billion of our $1.5 billion commitment in the 4 years following the merger. Before I hand it over to Jennifer, a few comments on our full year outlook. The commercial air recovery remains robust, and we continue to expect that global RPMs will recover to about 90% of 2019 levels as we exit this year. Domestic and short-haul international travel also remained strong, and we continue to see a steady recovery in long-haul international travel. However, as Greg discussed, while we're seeing some stabilization in certain areas of the supply chain and labor market, these constraints continue to put pressure on our businesses. As a result, we're reducing our full year RTX sales outlook to a new range of $67 billion to $67.3 billion, which translates to between 5% and 6% organic sales growth. This is down from our prior range of $67.75 billion to $68.75 billion. However, despite the lower sales outlook, we're raising the bottom end of our adjusted EPS range by $0.10 to $4.70 to $4.80 per share from our prior range of $4.60 to $4.80. Continued aftermarket strength, favorable OE mix and cost containment actions across RTX are partially offsetting lower sales and lower productivity in our defense businesses. You'll also recall that we previously assumed the legislation requiring capitalization of R&D expenses for tax purposes would be repealed or deferred this year. Since that hasn't happened, we realized an EPS benefit of about $0.11 year-to-date and estimate that the full year impact is about $0.15 per share. And on the cash front, we continue to expect free cash flow of about $4 billion for the full year. In the fourth quarter, we're expecting lower tax payments in several large international receipts. And finally, we provided an updated outlook for the segments and some below-the-line items in the Webcast appendix. So with that, let me hand it over to Jennifer to take you through the third quarter segment results and updated outlook. Jennifer?
Jennifer Reed: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins Aerospace on Slide 4. Sales were $5.1 billion in the quarter, up 11% on an adjusted basis and up 13% organically driven primarily by the continued recovery in commercial aerospace end markets. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 25% driven by a 44% increase in provisioning and a 31% increase in parts and repair, while modification and upgrades were up 3% organically in the quarter. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 4%. Commercial OE sales were up 16% versus prior year driven principally by the strength in narrowbody. Military sales were down 6% driven primarily by lower material receipts and decreased volume. Adjusted operating profit of $630 million was up $150 million from the prior year. Drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket and OE more than offset lower volume on military programs as well as higher SG&A and R&D expense. Looking ahead, we continue to see Collins full year sales up low double digits. And as a result of stronger commercial aftermarket, we're bringing up the low end of Collins adjusted operating profit to a new range of up $750 million to $825 million from the prior range of up $700 million to $825 million versus last year. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 5. Sales of $5.4 billion were up 14% on an adjusted basis and up 15% organically with sales growth in large commercial engines in Pratt Canada more than offsetting lower military sales. Commercial OE sales were up 26% driven by favorable mix within Pratt's large commercial engine and Pratt Canada's businesses along with higher GTF and Pratt Canada volume. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 23% in the quarter with growth in both legacy large commercial engine and Pratt Canada shop visits. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 14%. In the military business, sales were down 2% driven primarily by lower expected F135 production volume that was partially offset by higher F135 sustainment volume. The adjusted operating profit of $318 million was up $129 million from the prior year. The drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket and favorable military and commercial OE sales mix more than offset higher SG&A and R&D expense. Looking ahead, we continue to expect Pratt sales to be up low teens. And we're increasing Pratt's adjusted operating profit to a new range of up $650 million to $700 million from our prior range of up $550 million to $650 million versus 2021, reflecting the strength of the aerospace recovery. Turning now to Slide 6. RIS sales of $3.6 billion were down 3% versus prior year on an adjusted basis driven by the divestiture of the Global Training and Services business. On an organic basis, sales were up 2% versus prior year due to higher classified sales and sensing effects that were partially offset by lower expected sales in command, control and communications, including lower sales in tactical communications programs. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter of $371 million was down $20 million versus prior year. Excluding the impact of the divestiture, operating profit was up $8 million driven primarily by favorable net program efficiencies. RIS had $3.9 billion of bookings in the quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.18 and a backlog of $17 billion. For the full year, we continue to expect RIS' book-to-bill to be greater than 1. Turning to RIS full year outlook. A result of ongoing material availability delays and the associated productivity impacts as well as anticipated cost reduction actions and award delays, we are reducing RIS sales to the low end of our prior outlook. And now expect RIS sales to be down mid-single digit from our prior outlook of down mid-single digit to down low single digits on a reported basis versus prior year. On an organic basis, we now expect RIS' sales to be down slightly versus our prior outlook of about flat. And as a result of lower sales outlook and program efficiencies, we are reducing RIS' adjusted operating profit to a new range of down $125 million to down $75 million from a prior range of down $50 million to flat versus prior year. Turning now to Slide 7. RMD sales was $3.7 billion, down 6% on an adjusted basis and down 5% organically, primarily driven by continuing delays in material availability and lower volume in land, warfare and Air Defense and Naval Power programs. This was partially offset by higher volume on strategic missile defense programs, including Next-Generation Interceptor development. Adjusted operating profit of $116 million was $74 million lower than prior year driven by unfavorable program mix and lower volume, primarily in Land Warfare and Air Defense programs as well as lower net program efficiencies resulted from continued supply chain and labor constraints. RMD's bookings in the quarter were approximately $5.4 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.5 and backlog of $32 billion. For the full year, we now expect RMD's book-to-bill to be at or better than 1.2. As a result of ongoing material availability delays and the associated productivity impacts and cost reduction actions, we now expect RMD sales to be down low single digits versus our prior outlook of up slightly versus 2021. And as a result of the lower sales outlook and lower program efficiencies, we are reducing RMD's adjusted operating profit to a new range of down $300 million to down $250 million from the prior range of down $50 million to flat versus 2021. With that, I'll turn it back to Neil.
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, Jennifer. A lot to cover there. I'm on Slide 8. While we aren't providing our '23 outlook today, let me tell you how I'm thinking about next year. Overall, we expect another year of organic sales and segment operating profit growth with solid free cash flow generation at RTX. On the positive side, we expect that commercial air traffic will continue to recover and the global demand for our defense products and technologies will remain strong. We expect to exit next year at or above 2019 levels for global air traffic. And the significant defense orders we have won should begin to convert to sales. We will continue to drive operational excellence, and we are focused on improving our cost competitiveness. We're using the core operating system to align goals and drive targeted improvements with technology. The collaboration across RTX has already yielded 180 approved projects with a growing pipeline of over 350 future projects, which are focused on smart factories, automation and machine upgrades that will apply best practices to further reduce our structural costs. We will leverage our scale, these additional cost reduction opportunities and pricing to help address the inflation pressures that we expect to remain elevated well into next year. And while we are working many actions across our businesses every day to mitigate the impacts of supply chain constraints and labor availability, as I said, we do expect these pressures will continue to persist into next year as well. Additionally, as we sit here today, we see pressure from increasing interest rates and market volatility and the anticipate a pension headwind next year that could be about $0.40 on a year-over-year basis due to current market conditions. That said, it's important to note that our U.S. plans remain well funded and have even seen an improvement in their funded status year-to-date. And of course, everyone is watching the geopolitical landscape, energy supply in Europe, the continuing resolution and the global tax environment. So with that, let me hand it back to Greg for some closing remarks.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Neil. So there's a lot going on, a lot of moving pieces. And I think the key takeaways that I hope people get from this is most importantly, our backlog is up $12 billion since the beginning of the year. And we're investing $9 billion this year to support the growth that's going to come over these next couple of years. The future remains absolutely bright for RTX. The 2025 commitments that we laid out a year ago may remain in sight. And we're not going to back off from any of those, be it top line, bottom line or cash. So Neil laid out 3 challenges that are out there, right, supply chain, right? It's a challenge. There's no doubt about it. We've got 13,000 suppliers. And of those 13,000, about 400 of them are a problem for us. But we've deployed teams to almost all of those suppliers to work with them on a daily basis, getting them raw material, giving them contract labor, giving them technical support, all of the things that you would expect us to be doing. On labor availability, it's a challenge. Everybody sees it, especially in the supply chain. And I think what's interesting for -- at RTX is we have hired 27,000 people in '22. That's about 3,000 a month since the beginning of the year. Our total headcount today is over 180,000. The challenge, though, is we would need about 10,000 more people. So a lot of work yet to do on labor. It's out there. It's a great place to work. And people come to RTX because of the mission. And so we have a, I think, a very good pipeline. We'll continue to hire at this rate. And again, the challenge will be in the supply chain. On inflation, we came into the year expecting about $1.5 billion of cost growth between compensation and then what we saw in the supply chain and energy prices. That $1.5 billion has turned out to be closer to $2 billion, so about $500 million of additional headwind that we didn't expect as we came into the year. You couple that with about $200 million of headwind from the cessation of activities in Russia back in February, and there's about $700 million of headwind that we came into the year that we had to overcome. The good news is we have found ways to save. We have cut costs across the business. We've got about 500 cost-reduction projects that we're currently working. And so despite that $700 million, we've been able to maintain guidance for the year just where we saw it back in January of this year. So it's been a tough year. It's going to be a tough year going forward. We know that. We recognize it. But the fact is we have the tools and the people to make it all happen. So I'll stop there, and we'll turn it back to the operator, and we'll take whatever questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Greg, maybe if you could just, at a high level, how you're thinking about -- I know you're not giving formal 2023 guidance, but just The Street is obviously expecting across-the-board growth. Would you kind of feel that commercial aerospace will continue to recover and obviously, defense, maybe you'll finally start to convert some of these wins and actually showing some top line growth? Just maybe -- just high level how you're thinking about '23.
Greg Hayes: Yes. I think, Peter, you're exactly right. We expect strong growth on the commercial aerospace side to continue. RPMs will continue to recover back to the 2019 levels. And so we're going to see strong OE growth as Boeing and Airbus take up production rates. And we expect to see strong aftermarket growth as well, again, as airlines continue to add capacity and try and keep the planes they have flying. So commercial aero, I think it's all good for next year. On the defense side, we will see some growth. It won't be as robust as we would like. I would tell you, it goes back to those challenges that we talked about. Really, it's about labor availability and some of the supply chain challenges. But we should start to -- again, we saw stabilization here in the third quarter in the supply chain. We've gotten a little bit better in terms of bringing material in, but we've got a long way to go. So that will be the governor, I would say. It's not the backlog. It's simply the availability of material coming in to the shops.
Neil Mitchill: Yes. Peter, the other points I would add from a sales perspective, everything Greg said, I agree with. And we do expect to see mid- to high single-digit sales growth in 2023. So good top line growth, as Greg mentioned. I do expect most of that to come from our commercial businesses. I think even more importantly, we'll see segment operating profit growth exceed the growth rate of sales. So we do expect margin expansion as well next year. And you heard me mention the pension headwind in my prepared remarks. We'll also have to normalize for a tax rate that will be a little bit higher as we come off of a year where we do expect R&D to be repealed into next year, at least that's our current planning assumption. So more to come on that. But just a few extra points on the 2023 outlook. We'll, of course, come back in January with a much better look at what the segments are going to look like.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question coming from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Can you hear me?
Greg Hayes: Yes.
Noah Poponak: Obviously, what's happening with your defense top line is a little surprising, but it can largely be explained by industry-wide factors. I think the margins are maybe more surprising. And obviously, there's absorption from that top line impact, and we know there's inflation. But it's an industry where the margins really don't move around that quickly, and your peers aren't really seeing that much margin movement versus this kind of quarterly volatility we're seeing from you. So can you maybe just explain that a little further? And then when we look to next year, should we think about your defense segment margins being closer to the '22 level or closer to your longer-term targets?
Neil Mitchill: I'll start with that one. Noah, I'm not going to comment on next year's margins. Right now, we're focused on making sure we get through the rest of this year. But a couple of thoughts on the margin profile. The first thing that's really dragging down the margins this year relative to our initial expectations are the lack of productivity. And that lack of productivity has principally been driven by the delay in material receipts, which is obviously jamming up the production and development cycles within the businesses, and it's most notable at RMD. We've also talked about a mix shift in the products. RMD has gone through a product upgrade really across many of our platforms here. So that has had a negative impact on the margins overall. And certainly, we'll come through that as we turn into more production rate-type contracts. One thing that I'd say was encouraging during the quarter is last quarter, we had net productivity that was actually an expense, whereas sequentially, we're seeing about $140 million of favorability in productivity. So productivity for RIS and RMD was positive albeit nowhere near the levels that we're used to, but we are starting to see some improvement there. We've been adversely affected to your point on absorption as a result of that slowdown and the throughput that's coming through in the rates, which is causing that productivity to be muted from what we're used to seeing. I do expect as the volume starts to fill up the factories when we deliver that $67 billion of defense backlog, we will start to see improvements in productivity as well.  Greg, I don't know if there's anything else you wanted to add to that?
Greg Hayes: No, I think you pretty well covered it. I mean, the other obvious issue is international sales, which tend to be more profitable on the defense side are down comparatively. And again, some of the newer contracts have much lower margins than what we had on some of the existing -- as we transition from Patriot to LTAMDS production, you're going to see a big mix shift there or margin degradation for a couple of years until we get through the low rate initial production contracts.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question coming from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Neil, I want to ask about comms profitability. Guidance implies that margins inflect up 200 bps in Q4 versus about a 12% rate year-to-date on margins. How do you think about the bridge and some of the drivers there as we exit the year? And maybe if you could comment on price and mix actions as well.
Neil Mitchill: I'm sorry, the last part, Sheila?
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just price and mix as we head into 2023.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Yes. And so we've already seen substantial Collins margin expansion as we've gone through the first 9 months of the year. And I expect as the wide-body international traffic recovers, we will continue to see a broadening of the margins at Collins. I'm pretty pleased with the trajectory that they're on. They've been doing a great job controlling costs as well, and they'll do more of that here in the fourth quarter. As you look out into next year, we've talked about some of the pricing actions that we've already taken in our Pratt & Whitney business, Collins and our Pratt Canada business. We'll also introduce revised pricing as we usually do at the beginning of the year. So we do expect that to be considerably higher than what we've seen in the past, reflecting the inflation that we're dealing with across the business. So we're attacking both price and cost as we look at the business going forward. So a number of projects in the pipeline that all of the businesses and Collins, in particular, are looking at. And as I think I said a few -- a couple of months ago, many of the projects that we have looked at around footprint consolidation and automation and digitization of our factories are much more attractive with the inflationary pressures that we're seeing today. So those 350 projects that I alluded to, we're ready to move forward on those and make sure that we structurally change the cost profile of our business going forward.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: So should we assume it's a 35%, 40% incremental margin business going forward?
Neil Mitchill: I think getting out of this year, you'll start to see muted incrementals because the compares get a little more challenging. But clearly, we're on our way back to the 20% margins that we committed to at our Investor Day back in 2021.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question coming from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners.
Robert Stallard: Greg, on the defense side of things, particularly RMD, you're in this sort of interesting situation where defense -- sorry, demand is clearly very strong but supply continues to be constrained. How do you see this panning out from here? When will these 2 come into equilibrium? And are you seeing any help from your customers in getting this fixed?
Greg Hayes: Yes. Look, I think we're all in this together. And as we sit here in Washington and we're going to be talking to the folks at DoD tomorrow, there is concern about the supply chain challenges as we are. And yeah, they're putting DFAS ratings on many things to try and move up in the queue with the supply chain. But the challenge, and again, it's not just defense. I mean, I go to the -- on Pratt structural castings we've been talking about it all year, still remain a challenge. And it's not necessarily a capacity issue. It's a labor availability. I mean, how do you get trained welders working efficiently. And it's -- that remains a challenge. As I think about this, though, we saw about a 5% incremental improvement in our build or kit efficiencies this quarter. That's -- we had hoped to be about 10 points higher than that. We -- by the end of the year, we hope to be at 80%. We're not going to get there. I think if we're lucky, we'll get to about a 70% kit fill rate by the end of the year, which is the reason why we had to take RMD sales guidance down. I do think as we're looking through this that by the end of next year, we should start to see some of this abate. Again, because the economy is slowing down, more people available in the supply chain to work. But some things like rocket motors, we literally do not see a recovery path there to -- on contract until sometime in the first half of 2024. So this is not a short-term fix. And I think we're fully prepared that next year is going to be kind of a hand to mouth on the supply chain. As I said in the opening comments, we have worked with like the chip manufacturers, the OE, the OEMs to get some assured supply, and that seems to be working. The offset of that, of course, is it's a lot of inventory sitting here. We've added about $1.1 billion of inventory for the year to make sure that we do have the things that we need to build these products. So long-winded answer, it's not over yet, and I think it's going to be most of 2023 before we really get out of the woods on the supply chain.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question coming from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: Maybe switching gears a little bit, and I'm sure everybody is going to focus on RMD. Greg, if you could maybe discuss a little bit when you think about aircrafts propulsion technology, you guys have the geared platform. Your primary competitor is working on an unducted fan. What -- how many -- how much -- what legs does the gear have? I mean, where can we go to from here? How much of a threat is an unducted fan? And then if we go 1 step beyond that to hybrid propulsion, that sort of thing, where do you see all that happening?
Greg Hayes: A long time from now. Let's be clear, right? We're just introducing the Advantage engine, the A320 or the 1100 GTF Advantage engine. That will go into service in 2024. That will have a very long life cycle, like 30 years on it. Over the next 20 years, I think what you're going to see, Ron, and you know this, there's going to be an evolution probably towards hybrid electric propulsion at least in regional jet and turboprop markets. We have yet to find a way to make the case for long-range propulsion with anything other than Jet A. And that's the challenge. I mean, we're talking -- we're working with hydrogen. We're working with ammonia. We're working with a number of different things to improve efficiency. SAF is an interesting option. It's not carbon-free really depending upon the feedstocks. So that's -- again, that will help in terms of the emissions mandate, but it's not the solution. So I think we're investing a lot of money today in these advanced technologies. And we've got a project, as you know, between Collins and Pratt to do a hybrid electric demonstrator on a regional turboprop. But again, I think those technologies are 15 or 20 years out. We're going to focus now on kind of incremental improvements in the gear. And the gear is not done, right? I mean, the gear, we've always said that it can scale up, it can scale down. And we've got a great family of engines today. And I think -- as we think about next-generation single aisle whenever that is, probably 2030, we're going to have, I would say, the next evolution of the gear. But it's still going to be jet engine as you see it today with Jet A. Maybe it's all SAF, but it's still the same turbomachinery that we're talking about today.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question coming from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: I wanted to see if you could give some initial thoughts on free cash flow in 2023. It looks like 2022 free cash flow will grow about $1 billion. That's the R&D hit. So I guess, Neil, obviously, you're talking about probably close to $1 billion of EBIT growth. But I think you have a bit of a pension, pension CAS headwind. Not sure what you're expecting for working capital. So maybe some help with the moving pieces on '23 through cash flow.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, David. I'll keep this at a high level, but certainly back -- coming in January, I'll give you a little more details. But with the operating profit growth, we would expect that to convert to free cash flow. I expect a little bit of headwind on capital as that inches up just a tad as we finish off some of these large investments, particularly an upgrade of our facilities in Texas at the RIS business as well as the completion of the Asheville facility for Pratt. However, a couple of other moving pieces. Working capital, I expect we'll see inventory to continue to grow. We'll try to manage that through payables and other parts of our working capital. But certainly, we need the inventory with all the constraints that we faced in supply chain this year. We want to make sure we're prepared to deliver on the growing aftermarket and growing OE business that we'll see. Long story short, I do expect free cash flow to grow organically. We'll also -- we're anticipating a refund of the tax payments that we're making this year. Again, assuming that the -- there is ultimately a repeal of the R&D capitalization provision. So let me leave it at that for now. But certainly, in January, we'll provide a better walk.
David Strauss: A quick follow-up on pension, the $0.40. Is that $0.40 incremental versus this year? I think you were already anticipating kind of a $0.10 incremental hit. Is that $0.40 incremental to that or just $0.40 incremental for this year?
Neil Mitchill: $0.30 incremental to the $0.10 we had already forecasted. And that's really driven by asset returns being below our ROA as well as rising interest rates causing higher interest expense. So more to come. We obviously threw all those assumptions up at the end of the year, but that's where we see it as of today. I do not expect that to be a major cash issue for us. And if there are any future FAS funding requirements, those will be offset by higher CAS recoveries in the future. So not a cash issue, but a P&L issue right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question coming from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about Pratt for a second? And strong results in the quarter, been running about $300 million of profit per quarter year-to-date. I think the guidance is basically for a step down to 2.50 or a little bit below that in the fourth quarter. Now I'm sure when I ask about that, you're going to talk about higher engine deliveries. But I mean, I think there was a price increase as well for spares. And so how do we think about that evolution of Pratt, why it comes down so much in the fourth quarter, as well as where it goes from here and how much progress Pratt can make in '23 toward the out-year margin target that you have?
Neil Mitchill: So you hit the nail on the head. It's -- as you look sequentially from Q3 into Q4, most of the degradation, if you will, the step down in that profit is higher commercial engine shipments, which, as we've been talking about, have been kind of pushed to the back end of the year. So that's really the major driver of what you see in terms of the walk from Q3 to Q4 on op profit. As we look out a little further, I'm not going to get into specific numbers, but we certainly expect OE deliveries in the large engine business to step up next year aligned with our customer requirements. And I do expect we'll see some movement towards the margin goals that Pratt put out there 1.5 years ago. There's a long ways to go here, but a lot of that will be fueled by a growing aftermarket, the recovery on the V2500s. We've also seen considerable strength in the PW2000s and 4000s. Recall that about 40% of that fleet powers cargo aircraft. So continues to be really strong there. And of course, the GTF will turn to profit. And we will see -- on the aftermarket side, we will see the shop visits begin as we get through next year and into the middle of the decade. So Pratt is positioned to expand the margins. There's still a lot of work to do. Greg talked about some of the incremental cost reduction actions that they're taking. They're going through an exhaustive review of every element of the business in terms of driving out both SG&A as well as structural operational costs in the manufacturing facility. So I find it encouraging, but I'm not going to commit to some numbers today, but we'll get that out there again in January, and you'll see that in full transparency then.
Seth Seifman: Great. Just if I could follow up real quickly, the military part of Pratt has been down this year. Can that stabilize or grow again in '23?
Neil Mitchill: I think it can. Yes, it's been down as we planned for lower F135 deliveries. That's been partially offset by growing sustainment revenues, and we've talked about that aftermarket for the F135 engine will continue to grow in the future as well. So we should see that stabilize. Similarly, at Collins, military is down mid-single digits for the year. I do expect same phenomena to begin as we turn the page into 2023.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question coming from the line of Myles Walton from Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton: Neil, I think you mentioned fourth quarter cash would be driven by lower tax payments in several large international receipts. And I just wonder on the international receipt portion, are you awaiting government approvals? Is there a timing risk here? And is that -- are those international receipts tied to the fourth quarter, mid-13% targeted margin you're looking for at RMD?
Neil Mitchill: So great question. The international cash receipts are not tied to the margin in the fourth quarter. However, every international advance is subject to some risk. And there's a couple of very large ones here. I believe that we have line of sight to get them within the year. But if it's not within the year, it's certainly just timing. But certainly a watch item for us, not subject to government approval. But certainly a watch item for us, and hence, the reason I called it out there in the script as we look at the rest of the year. But I do feel good about the rest of our actions to drive free cash flow. We had very, very strong cash flow, notwithstanding the $1.5 billion payment. Tax payments will be less, obviously, in the fourth quarter as we make the rest of the payment we're required to make to meet the new law for R&D.
Myles Walton: Okay. And Greg, just a high level, the U.S. review of the U.S.-Saudi relationship, any expectation there in terms of impact on your business?
Greg Hayes: Right now, we follow the lead of the DoD and State on sales to Saudi Arabia. We still continue to work with Saudi Arabia and especially on the defensive side. I think it's important, we've had a very long-term relationship with the Saudis. And again, the key for us is providing the Saudi's defensive capabilities. And primarily, that means GEM-T missiles for the Patriot antimissile anti-aircraft battery. So we have not seen any impact from some of the talk in Washington about suspending arm sales. Just to, again, put it in perspective, it's about 1.7% of our total sales go to Saudi Arabia. It's not a big number. But I think it's an important ally. And I believe that we'll get through this difficult time that we're seeing right now in terms of diplomatic relations because ultimately, they are a staunch ally in the Middle East and a key player in Middle Eastern stability.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question coming from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Neil and Greg, you highlighted inflation as a continuing challenge as you look out to 2023. I mean, that said, right, you're also expecting margins to expand next year. Can you provide more color on the moving pieces of how much inflation you're able to pass through to customers, how much you can offset with lower cost and how we should think about that remaining exposure?
Neil Mitchill: So Kristine, there's a lot of moving pieces here. And obviously, our crystal ball is not terribly clear as to where inflation is going. But I do think it's going to persist at elevated levels as we go into 2023, and that's what we're planning for. And so we, fortunately, have -- a good portion of our supply base is committed under long-term agreements. But as you know, those continue to roll over. And we're looking at long-term pricing solutions and working with our suppliers to beat back some of those price increase requests. On the top line, I talked about the pricing actions that we've begun to take that we take every year. But they are significantly larger than our historical pricing increases in the commercial aftermarket business. And on the defense side, we're able to pass a lot of that through to our government customer as we set up new contracts with them and update our forward pricing rate. So we're working through all of that. I'm not going to put a number on it, but Greg talked about the level of inflation we've seen this year, and I expect it to be even larger next year. So it's going to require even more projects. We've got all of those in process right now. The teams are working very aggressively to accelerate the savings from those projects. And many of them were started years ago, and they were starting to bear fruit in terms of the digitization that we're undertaking across the company, upgrades of our systems and improvement of information flow around the company. So a lot of actions, a lot of singles, some doubles. But it's going to take a lot of work here for us to mitigate a sustained level of 6%, 7%, 8% types of inflation rates.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Kristine, just to add to that. I think the biggest inflationary impact really comes in compensation. So we spend roughly $20 billion a year in compensation. And every year, for the last 10 years, we've targeted somewhere around 3% or 3.5% increases. We're obviously seeing more pressure on compensation, given what's going on in the marketplace today. But the fact is, this is not new. And we are always looking for productivity improvements, productivity improvements in the factories, productivity in the back-office functions and everything that we do. So it's a concerted effort. I'm not, again, terribly concerned about the impact on margins just because I know that we know how to take cost out of the business. Some of it we get to pass on, as Neil said, through our overhead rates to our government customers. And we're also, I think, being aggressive on pricing on the commercial side of the business. So we've got a lot of levers. Inflation, hopefully, it's -- I won't even use the word transitory because I think that's been proven a myth. But it will be here for a while. So we're going to continue to look for ways to drive cost out and to pass cost on. And I think that's just what we do every day.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question coming from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. So you indicated that you're going to do at least $2.5 billion in share repurchase for the year even though the cash flows impacted by Section 174. If 174 is pushed out, you clearly get a windfall to cash flow next -- how should we think about share repurchase, given that your longer-term outlook really looks pretty good. And if you do get 174 pushed out, you're going to have a lot of firepower.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Cai, obviously, the second 174 nonsense is a little disconcerting because we're hoping, again, we're going to get a tax law change here at the end of the year with tax extenders which, as you know, will give us a refund of the $1.5 billion that we've already paid sometime in the first quarter of next year -- I guess, April, actually. But the fact is, as we think about share buyback, we are firmly committed to the $20 billion of capital return. This year, we said $2.5 billion plus. I suspect next year that that number will look like a $3 billion plus number. And again, the timing of that will really depend upon when we see the cash if we do from this Section 174 repeal. But again, I think you can count on us to continue to be aggressive in share buyback along with the continue to increase the dividend each year.
Cai von Rumohr: But how much of that share of $3 billion plus would you do if Section 174 is not repealed?
Greg Hayes: We'd still do $3 billion. We have programmed this in for the next couple of years to hit that $20 billion target. Keep in mind, the Section 174 is a timing issue. And eventually, we do get the deductions back. Next year, we'll get to deduct 20% of what we deferred this year, but it is a timing. And by 2025, most of the impact of this has abated because of the ability to amortize most of this. So again, while it's important, it's not going to really change capital allocation in terms of what we have committed to.
Operator: And our last question coming from the line of Ken Herbert with RBC Capital.
KenHerbert: I just wanted to see if you could provide a little bit more color on Pratt & Whitney. You have 14% sequentially in the aftermarket. Can you just talk about where that was from? How much was maybe volume versus price? And how should we think about where you are, specifically in the V2500 sort of shop visit recovery? Because I know that's, obviously, a big part of the story this year and next year. And how much growth did you see in the shop visits this year? And how do we think about that in the next year?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Ken. So a couple of thoughts. Most of what you're seeing at Pratt through the third quarter is really just volume. And we have talked about the shop visits going up about 20% on a full year basis. We saw about a 10% growth here in the third quarter. I think we've got a pretty good line of sight to the fourth quarter at this point. So I think the 20% up year-over-year still sticks. The other element of the aftermarket that Pratt is seeing is higher content per shop visit, which again was expected for us to see that as these aircraft are now flying at much greater and sustained levels than they were over the last couple of years. So good story on the aftermarket, but I don't think any of the pricing actions have yet to kind of flow through in the results reported to date.
Ken Herbert: Great. And the pricing actions -- just real quick, I think as those flow through for 2023, if I understand properly, you're looking at a little more step-up in pricing than you realized in '22, correct?
Neil Mitchill: That is true. Keep in mind, a number of our customers have contracts in place as well. So some of that increase is muted, but there's a number of them that do not. And you will see that drop through, and that will help to offset some of the headwinds that we're dealing with there as well.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Hayes for closing remarks.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, and thank you all for listening in. Just a reminder, Jennifer and team will be available today to take on your questions. Also just a note, this is [Erin Somers'] last earnings call with us. She is moving on to be CFO of our International business for RMD. So congratulations to Erin, if you guys are talking to her later today. Thank you all for listening, and we'll see you soon. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this now concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being carried live on the Internet and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition accounting adjustments and net non-recurring and/or significant items often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Raytheon Technologies SEC filings, including its Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Greg Hayes: Thank you, Latif and good morning everyone. I hope everyone had a chance to see our press release this morning. From that press release, I think one of the key takeaways is we had a really strong quarter for commercial aerospace and we continue to see very strong demand for our products and services, as evidenced by our defense book-to-bill in the quarter of 1.35, incredible number. We delivered these results in the midst of, I would say, a challenging period across our industry and most of industrial America. Inflation, supply chain and labor availability continue to be near-term constraints. We are working these things relentlessly by leveraging our scale and our portfolio to combat all of these different pressures. Before we get into the results, let me just spend a few minutes on the macro environment. On the defense side, the evolving threat environment, including the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, continues to drive global defense budgets higher. Most of our NATO allies have reaffirmed their commitment to spending at least 2% of GDP on national defense with many countries announcing even higher spending targets over the last several months. For example, Poland has requested accelerated delivery of Patriot missile systems batteries and both Germany and Finland have selected the F-35. As you know, the Department of Defense released its fiscal year 23 budget request earlier this year, with modernization spending growing over 4% and with modernization accounts, specifically RDT&E, expected to grow by nearly 10%. We are also encouraged by the markets that weve seen in Congress. The House Arm Services Committee has proposed a $37 billion increase to the administrations request, thats a 9% increase over fiscal 22, excluding the supplementals. On the Senate side, the Senate Arm Services Committee went even higher proposing a $45 billion mark, resulting in a DoD budget increase of 10% over fiscal 22, bringing the fiscal year 23 budget to over $815 billion. Its a lot different than what we expected 2 years ago. We are encouraged by the support of our programs with the authorizing committees recommending significant increases in spend over the Presidents budget request, including increases for Stingers, Javelins, next-generation jammers, Tomahawk cruise missiles, just to name a few. And as I have said, our key programs in technologies and space cyber, missiles, missile defense and non-kinetic effects are also well aligned with the U.S. and our allies defense priorities. We ended the quarter with a defense backlog of $65 billion, thats up about $2 billion since the beginning of the year, and we expect it to grow even further in the remainder of the year. In the second quarter, we also saw a number of significant awards, including $4 billion to deliver F135 engines for lots 15 and 16, which will power all variants of the F-35 fighter. The total contract value opportunity is about $8 billion for F135 engines across lots 15 through 17. In addition, we received a $408 million contract for sustainment of the F-35 fleet  F135 fleet rather. The F135 engine continues to be the most advanced, and I would say, safest fighter engine ever produced and possesses unrivaled operational capability and mission effectiveness. As the global threats evolve, the F135 can be upgraded to increase its thrust, range and power thermal management to support the needs of the war fighter well into the next decade. We also received a $648 million award to deliver SM-3 missiles to the Missile Defense Agency, a $662 million awarded R&D to replenish 1,300 Stinger missiles as well as awards to replenish Javelin missiles. RIS also had a $1.2 billion bookings of classified programs. During the quarter, RMD was also down selected by the MDA to continue developing our first-of-its-kind counter hypersonic missile, the Glide Phase Interceptor. In a few weeks  just a few weeks ago, RMD along with our industry partner, Northrop Grumman, successfully completed the second flight test of the scramjet-powered Hypersonic Air-breathing Weapon Concept, or HAWC, for DARPA and the U.S. Air Force. The flight test applied the data and lessons learned from the first flight test last September to demonstrate how rapidly we have matured affordable scramjet technology. At the same time, commercial air traffic demand continues to gain momentum with a strong start to the summer travel season. Globally, Q2 revenue passenger miles reached nearly 70% of the pre-pandemic levels. In the U.S., travelers through TSA checkpoints were up 30% year-over-year in the second quarter or nearly 90% of 2019 levels. And with travel restrictions easing around the world, we expect growing demand for international travel in the second half of the year, with international revenue passenger miles growing from over 60% of 2019 levels at the end of Q2 to about 75% to 80% of 2019 levels by the end of the year. That being said, we all know that global supply chain isnt where it needs to be and we are aggressively managing these issues everyday. Microelectronics, rocket motors, structural castings, all continue to pace manufacturing lines. Today, we have people embedded about 330 of our suppliers to help improve performance. And we are also qualifying second, in some cases, third sources for critical parts as necessary. Inflation also continues to be at elevated levels, no surprise there. However, on the commercial side, we have long-term agreements in place that cover about 80% of our spend and cover multiple years, which provides an inflation buffer at least in the near-term. On the defense side, we can price inflation into annual production contracts and flow through our rate structure. Additionally, we are driving further automation, standardization and process improvement projects throughout the company to mitigate inflation headwinds. And lastly, and perhaps just most importantly, the availability of skilled labor is a real challenge across multiple industries right now and we are seeing it both at our suppliers and within our own shops. It takes time to hire and train new employees. It doesnt just happen overnight, especially in certain areas such as much of our classified work. Despite these near-term challenges, what differentiates us is our balanced A&D portfolio and our world class technologies that gives us the ability to deliver on our commitments. Okay. I was going to just take a quick look at Q2. And I am on Slide 2, for those of you following along. We delivered another solid quarter, with sales growing 4% organically. Adjusted EPS was a little bit ahead of our expectations at $1.16 and thats up 13% versus the prior year and free cash flow was essentially in line with our expectations. Growth in the quarter was led by strong commercial aftermarket sales that were up over 26% from the prior year. This strength was partially offset by continued supply chain and labor constraints that principally impacted the defense businesses as well as some delays in expected contract awards. Notwithstanding these challenges, we continue to see full year sales in the range of $67.75 billion to $68.75 billion. And adjusted EPS, we continue to see that in the $4.60 to $4.80 range. However, there are some changes within the segments as strength in the commercial aero will help to offset impacts in our defense businesses that Neil and Jennifer will discuss in just a little bit later in the call. As far as our cash flow outlook, we continue to expect about $6 billion of free cash flow for the year. Thats of course assuming that the R&D tax legislation is repealed. Finally, we repurchased over $1 billion of RTX shares in the quarter, putting us at about $1.8 billion year-to-date and we remain on track to repurchase at least $2.5 billion for the year. Through the end of the second quarter, we have already returned nearly $11 billion of capital to shareowners since the merger in April of 2020 and we are more than halfway to our commitment to return at least $20 billion in the first 4 years following the merger. With that, let me turn it over to Neil and Ill be back at the end for a wrap up and Q&A. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, Greg. Before I talk about the full year, lets look at the second quarter results on Slide 3. As Greg noted, sales of $16.3 billion grew 4% on an organic basis versus the prior year. Our performance in the quarter was driven by the continued recovery of air travel due to the pent-up demand that was partially offset by continued supply chain constraints that, as Greg said, principally impacted our defense businesses. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.16 was up 13% year-over-year and with ahead of our expectations primarily driven by strength in commercial aftermarket at Collins and Pratt and some favorable corporate items, including lower tax expense, which more than offset the impact of lower defense volume and productivity. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.88 per share and included $0.28 of acquisition accounting adjustments and net significant and/or non-recurring items. And finally, free cash flow of $807 million was generally in line with our expectations for the quarter. So, let me give you some perspective on how we are thinking about the environment as we look ahead to the second half of the year. Lets turn to Slide 4. I will start with some positives. The recovery in commercial air traffic remains as strong  very strong as airlines entered the summer travel season with leisure travel bookings well above 2019 levels and the active fleet is at its highest level since the beginning of the pandemic. And as you saw our commercial aftermarket sales continue to grow generally in line with our expectations for the quarter. Geographically, U.S. domestic demand has remained strong, while China domestic travel has lagged our expectations so far this year. That said, domestic air traffic in China began to rebound as lockdowns ease throughout the second quarter. On the international front, short-haul international travel or intra-region travel has been quite strong, fueled by a stronger-than-expected European recovery so far this year. And long-haul international travel or trans-regional travel has shown slow, but steady sequential growth. And while this is encouraging, we need to see this segment of the market accelerate in the second half of the year. On the defense side, as Greg mentioned, we are optimistic about the fiscal 23 budget request and our continued alignment with the priorities of the United States and our allies. And on the cost reduction front, we remain laser-focused on driving operational excellence and our structural cost reduction projects to deliver further margin expansion. In the second quarter, we achieved about $80 million of incremental cost synergies, keeping us on track to achieve $335 million this year and well on our way to $1.5 billion of total gross cost synergies since the merger. At the same time, we continue to monitor the broader geopolitical landscape as well as the U.S. and global tax environment. And finally, on the challenges side, we continue to see global supply chain and inflationary pressure as well as labor availability constraints. During the second quarter, we saw slower-than-expected recovery in material receipts and the resulting impacts to our shop productivity along with increasing inflationary pressures in labor, freight and other indirect cost areas. And while we remain focused on aggressive mitigation actions, we dont expect these pressures to ease until next year. So moving on to our outlook on Slide 5, we continue to expect our full year sales to be in the range of $67.75 billion to $68.75 billion. However, due to continued supply chain and labor constraints, we now expect lower sales and operating profit at both RIS and RMD for the full year. Those sales impacts are expected to be largely offset by the stronger commercial aerospace recovery we are seeing at Collins and Pratt. From an earnings perspective, we are holding our adjusted EPS range of $4.60 to $4.80 per share, but expect to be more towards the midpoint of the range as we dont expect some of the headwinds to fully recover in the year. I should also point out that we continue to work mitigations to offset the impact of ceasing business activities with Russia and minimizing any impact to our customers. I will provide more color on the moving pieces between the businesses in a moment. And on the cash front, we continue to expect free cash flow of about $6 billion for the year. Its important to mention that our cash flow outlook continues to assume that the legislation requiring R&D capitalization for tax purposes is deferred beyond 2022, which, as I have said before, the free cash flow impact of this legislation is approximately $2 billion for the year. If the legislation isnt deferred by September 15, we will have to make an incremental cash tax payment of about $1.5 billion here in the third quarter. However, this payment is a timing issue only as we will receive a refund in 2023 for the overpayment if the legislation is ultimately deferred by year end as we continue to expect. So with that, lets move to Slide 6 for some color on the segment outlooks. At Collins, we continue to expect full year sales to be up low double-digits versus prior year, where we now see a little stronger commercial aftermarket recovery thats partially offset by supply chain-induced pressures on military sales. As a result of better sales mix and spending containment measures, we are increasing Collins adjusted operating profit from up $650 million to $800 million to a new range of up $700 million to $825 million versus last year. Turning to Pratt & Whitney, we are increasing Pratt & Whitney sales range from up high single to low double-digits to a new range of up low-teens versus prior year and thats driven by stronger commercial aftermarket and better commercial OE mix. With respect to operating profit at Pratt, we are increasing Pratts adjusted operating profit from a range of up $500 million to $600 million to a new range of up $550 million to $650 million versus last year. Turning to RIS, due to the pressures we have discussed along with delays in awards, we are reducing RIS reported sales outlook from down slightly to a new range of down mid single-digit to down low single-digit versus prior year. And organically, we are reducing RIS outlook from up low single-digit and now see RIS organic sales roughly flat versus prior year. And as a result of lower sales outlook and the impact of unfavorable development program adjustments, we are reducing RIS full year adjusted operating profit from the prior range of flat to up $50 million to a new range of down $50 million to flat versus prior year. And finally, at RMD, also due to ongoing material availability delays and the associated productivity impact, along with the anticipated cost reduction, we are reducing RMDs full year sales outlook from the prior range of up low to mid single-digit to a new outlook of up slightly versus prior year. And as a result, we are reducing RMDs adjusted operating profit from a prior range of up $150 million to $200 million and now expect RMDs operating profit to be in the range of down $50 million to flat versus prior year. And we also expect some improvement in some corporate spending and a lower full year tax rate. We have included and updated out some of those below-the-line items in the webcast appendix. So with that, let me hand it over to Jennifer to take you through the second quarter segment results.
Jennifer Reed: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins Aerospace on Slide 7, sales were $5 billion in the quarter, up 10% on an adjusted basis and up 11% on an organic basis driven primarily by the continued recovery in commercial aerospace end markets. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 25% driven by a 33% increase in parts and repair, a 20% increase in provisioning and an 8% increase in modification and upgrades. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 3%. Commercial OE sales were up 14% versus prior year with strength in narrow-body offsetting expected headwinds from lower 787 deliveries. Military sales were down 6% driven primarily by lower material receipts on military programs and expected declines in F-35 volume. Adjusted operating profit of $617 million was up $99 million from the prior year. Drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket more than offset higher SG&A expense, the absence of favorable contract settlements and lower military sales volume. Looking ahead, as Neil discussed, we continue to see Collins full year sales up low double-digits and we now see adjusted operating profit up $700 million to $825 million versus last year. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 8, sales of $5 billion were up 16% on an adjusted basis and up 17% on an organic basis, with sales growing across all segments. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 26% in the quarter, with growth in both legacy large commercial engine and Pratt Canada shop visits. Commercial OE sales were up 22% driven by higher GTF deliveries and favorable mix within Pratts large commercial engine business. In the military business, sales were up 5% driven primarily by the timing of F135 production contract award in Q2, higher F135 aftermarket volume. Adjusted operating profit of $303 million was up $207 million from the prior year. Drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket, favorable commercial OE mix along with higher military volume were partially offset by higher SG&A and R&D. Looking ahead, we now expect Pratt sales to be up low teens and for adjusted operating profit to be up $550 million to $650 million versus 2021. Turning now to Slide 9, RIS sales of $3.6 billion were down 6% versus prior year on an adjusted basis primarily driven by the divestiture of the global training and services business. Sales were down 1% versus prior year on an organic basis due to lower expected sales in command, control and communications as well as lower sales within sensing and effects that were partially offset by higher sales in classified cyber programs within cyber training and services. The quarter was also impacted by the delay of certain contract awards. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter of $315 million was down $100 million versus prior year primarily driven by lower net program efficiencies, including unfavorable development program adjustments, the impact of the divestiture in the absence of a land sale in the prior year. RIS had $3 billion of bookings in the quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.92 and a backlog of $16 billion. Its worth noting that we continue to expect RIS full year book-to-bill to be greater than one. Turning to RIS full year outlook, as Neil discussed, we now expect RIS sales to be down mid-single digits to down low single digits on a reported basis versus prior year and to be about flat on an organic basis. And we expect RIS adjusted operating profit to be down $50 million to flat versus prior year. Turning now to Slide 10, RMD sales were $3.6 billion down 11% on an adjusted basis and down 10% on an organic basis primarily driven by continuing delays in material availability and expected declines in certain land, warfare and an air defense program that were partially offset by higher volume on SPY-6 production and next-generation interceptor development. Adjusted operating profit of $348 million was $184 million lower than prior year driven primarily by lower net program efficiencies resulting from continued supply chain constraints and unfavorable program mix and lower volume primarily in land, warfare and air defense programs. RMDs bookings in the quarter were approximately $4.5 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.3 and a backlog of $30 billion. In addition to the awards that Greg discussed, RMD also booked $423 million on the SPY-6 hardware production and sustainment program and $217 million for Tomahawk production for the U.S. Navy. For the full year, we now expect RMDs full year book-to-bill to be closer to 1.2. And looking ahead, we now expect RMD sales to be up slightly versus prior year and for adjusted operating profit to be down $50 million to flat versus prior year. With that, Ill turn it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, Jennifer. Im on Slide 11 now. We will be just a second for Q&A. So despite some of the macro uncertainties for the remainder of the year, were well equipped to mitigate the challenges that we talked about: supply chain, inflation and labor availability. Were going to do that through our focus on cost reduction, operational excellence, all in order to meet the commitments that we set out to investors earlier this year. And while we continue to make progress, let me just say that were certainly not satisfied with the performance in our defense businesses this quarter. There is much to do. Bookings were outstanding; execution, not so much. At the same time, we continue to invest in technology and innovation for our customers as well as execute on our capital allocation strategy to drive significant long-term growth and shareholder value well into the future. With our industry-leading franchises across A&D, were prepared to capitalize on the commercial aerospace recovery and growing defense budgets. Balance continues to work. And I think most importantly, we remain confident in our ability to hit the 2025 targets that we set in May of last year at our investor meeting. There is a lot to do. There is always more to do. With that, lets open up the call for questions. Latif?
Operator:  First question comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Bank of America. Please go ahead, Ron Epstein.
Ron Epstein: Hi, good morning, Greg.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Ron.
Ron Epstein: So maybe if we can peel back the onion more on whats going on in the supply chain and defense. And for RMD, right, you were down 7% in the first quarter, 11% this quarter. You say youre going to be up during the year, which means youre going to have a pretty good inflection. How is that going to happen? Its almost a little hard to believe. And then I guess, another way to ask this, it seems like your commercial businesses right now are run better than your defense businesses, but there are any lessons that the defense businesses can learn from the commercial business? Because its really surprising, I mean you guys are a DX-designated company. So you should have full-on ahead of the line right in terms of supply chain. So whats really going on there? Because its surprising that its hitting you guys so hard.
Greg Hayes: Ron, that is the question of the day. I would tell you. First of all, just to be clear, most of our programs are not DX-rated. In fact, there are very few where we have DFAS ratings that give us priority on in the supply chain. Again, those are very, very few. But Ill tell you, there is a couple of significant differences between our commercial businesses and the defense side. On the commercial side, you probably say this for about 80% of our supplies suppliers around long-term agreements, right? That long-term agreement allows us the ability to give forecast demand, but it also gives us a priority. And our suppliers as part of those LTAs are required to keep buffer stock in place. Now, all that gives us certainty of cost and certainty of delivery. Now it doesnt always work. We talked about structural castings at Pratt & Whitney back in Q1. That continues to be a challenge. But for the most part, the commercial businesses have done a better job, I would say, because of the way we structure those long-term agreements. If you look at the defense side of the business, only about 10% of those businesses of RMD and RIS, suppliers are on long-term agreements. And thats not surprising because of government contracting rules. The problem that weve had is as weve received all these new awards, weve been going out  and once the award is set once the contract is signed, were going out and were putting  or suppliers on contract, and were seeing lead times double and sometimes triple. And we have been, I would say, caught off-guard a little bit by how much pressure there is in the supply chain. And I would tell you, it all goes back to labor availability. Typically, during these  the downturn that we saw in A&D 2 years ago, there was a lot of layoffs. There is a lot of people that were let go. Typically, we get about 75% to 80% of those folks come back off of layoff. In this case, what were seeing in our supply chain is only about 25% of the people are coming back. They have found other jobs, similar jobs. Again, because the labor market is so tight in this country, we just dont have a large pool of resources. The other problem I would tell you again, its not just material. Its also labor availability. Im thinking about our RIS business, which has over 5,000 programs that were executing on, right? That requires engineers and engineers with clearances. If you look at the unemployment rate for engineering talent in the U.S., its less than 2%. We started the year with a goal of hiring about 2,000 engineered net of attrition, which means we have to hire probably more than 5,000, and we are struggling in that regard as well. And again, you dont think about it, but engineers working on programs generate revenue. And so as we think about the issues in Q2 and really the first half of the year, we have seen the supply chain but also a labor availability impact our defense businesses. As you talk about the back half of the year, youre absolutely right, there is a lot of work to do. Right now, just to give you a couple of statistics, in the second quarter, in our factories, we typically look to provide kits to the shop floor to assemble, and we target somewhere between 90% and 95% kit availability. In other words, all the parts are there, 90% to 95% of the time. In the second quarter, because of all of these supply chain constraints, we saw kit fill rates around 50%, 50%. So you can imagine the amount of rework, the lost productivity in our shops as we are starting things that are not complete. Going back, doing rework, all of that is whats causing some of these headaches on the defense side. Now as we look at the back half of the year, weve had some very deep dive reviews with Chris Calio and Neil Mitchill with the guys going out and making sure that we have line of sight to the supply recovery plans. And we expect kit fill rates, for instance, to go from roughly 50% to about 80% by the end of the year. Thats a big get, but we absolutely have to do that. And again, we are deploying resources. As I said in our comments, weve got about 30 suppliers where we have people today working through all this. It is pick-and-shovel work, and its also about trying to make sure they have got the right labor  trained labor to get all this done. So it is a hill to climb in the back half of the year, and it is a challenge that were going to have to take out in order to  first of all, to meet our customer demands or our customer needs. I mean this is really about making sure we can deliver to our customers on time. And right now, were suffering. I dont know, Neil, anything you want to add to that?
Neil Mitchill: Maybe Ill just put a little color around the kind of hill that were looking at for the second half. At RMD, one of the big challenges is the material receipts. We talked in the first quarter about sort of COVID-induced labor issues in the supply chain. We expected that to get better in the second quarter, and it did not. And in fact, it got a little bit worse. When I look at the second half of the year, RMD in particular, needs to see about a 25% volume step-up in dollars in the second half versus the first half. Obviously, our new outlook for RMD reflects that. And at RIS, material is also an important part of their products, and its about a 15% step-up in the second half. So those are the metrics that were monitoring on a daily and weekly basis. As it relates to their performance, the only other thing, Greg, I would add is productivity. So one of the big reasons, Id say about half of the drop in the margin at RMD in the second quarter was related to lost productivity, the absence of productivity. And our profit outlook for the remainder of the year for RMD reflects us not catching up on that productivity given the kit fill rate issues that you talked about.
Ron Epstein: Great. Thanks. If I can, I mean, going from 50% to 80%, is that even a realistic goal? I mean given  I mean most of the points that you brought up about hiring people that fast turnaround stuff, right? I mean thats  its not something thats going to change on the dime. If youre use
Greg Hayes: Lets be clear, Ron, this does not get solved this year. I think, again, getting to a kit fill rate of 80% is interesting. But literally, we need to be at 95% to be running at I would say, a normal pace. It is a lot of work. Weve done a lot of, I would say, deep dive reviews on supply chain, going through supplier by supplier. Thats why weve got people out of all of these different suppliers, making sure they are meeting their commitments. I think the only thing thats going to solve labor availability, I hate to say this, is a slowdown in the economy because right now, there just simply arent enough people in the workforce for all of our suppliers. And look, we pay a very, very competitive wage at RTX. But as you go down into the second, third and fourth tier of the supply chain, they are struggling to attract workers. But again, weve got people out there. I would tell you, as weve done these reviews, we have a path to get there. It is not an easy path. It is going to be a challenge throughout the year. And we will see how we do  were tracking material receipts day by day, and its a big hill.
Ron Epstein: Alright. Great, thank you, guys.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Ron.
Neil Mitchill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead, Robert Stallard.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Greg, maybe to follow-up on Rons point there on supply chain and labor and the impact of inflation. What do you see as the  your ability to pass this on you? Is there a cap to how much you can pass this, up the chain or its going to be different in aerospace versus defense? But is there a point where you have to start biting more of the bullet of these cost increases?
Greg Hayes: As we look at it this year, Rob, weve got about $200 million of additional inflation headwind that we didnt anticipate when we started the year. So that $200 million, weve had to go out. Weve done a number of initiatives looking to ways within the supply chain to eliminate that headwind. And so far, weve done a pretty good job of that. Keep in mind, thats on top of about $300 million of headwind from the Russia exit that we had earlier in the year. So I would tell you, the team has done a good job in managing cost and finding ways to overcome some of the headwinds that weve seen. On the commercial side, again, the LTA coverage at 80% really provides you a lot of coverage with inflation. Now there is dead bands in there and excess inflation above some levels. Usually 6% or 7% gets shared with the supplier. But for the most part, weve been able to manage through that. On the defense side, what weve seen  again, weve seen labor inflation clearly. Weve been able to put most of that, though, into our overhead rates, and that gets recovered in the normal contracting process. Weve also seen, again, just inflation in the supply chain. But again, most  well, I would say, at least 30% of the work that we have is cost type at RMD. And so youre able to pass that along. And right now, again, I think one of the reasons we continue to push this on the RMD side is to make sure that we can overcome the inflationary impacts that were seeing in the supply chain there. So I think, again, we need to learn the lessons of how we manage this from the commercial side. And going to more LTAs, I think, is absolutely essential if were going to be able to have some kind of consistency in terms of supply chain going forward.
Robert Stallard: Thats great. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Your question please, David Strauss.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Greg, could you maybe touch on the recovery on the GTF side of things? I think you had missed 70 in Q1. You were saying you were to about 180  up around 100 deliveries for the full year. Can you just talk about where you are there? And then also talk on the Pratt Canada side. I saw deliveries were down in the quarter. I think you had highlighted previously that titanium was a pretty big issue on the Pratt Canada side? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Thanks, David. Let me  just on the GTF side. I would tell you, right now, we continue to deliver GTS behind schedule. And we will not catch up, as I think I said back in February until the end of the year. And this is  again, goes back to a single issue around structural castings. Were not holding up the line at Airbus. Thats the good news with the 1100. Were not holding up the line on the 1500s either on the C Series or I guess, the A220. So were managing this with the customers. Were managing this with the supply chain. And we really expect  again, youre going to see a big step-up in the back half of the year on GTF deliveries. As you think about your Pratt had a great first half. Second half, again, even with the recovery in commercial aftermarket, its going to be tough because you got a lot more negative engine margin in the back half of the year. So again, that all goes into the calculus of the full year guidance. But I would tell you right now, there is no other surprises on GTF beyond those structural castings. And there is always little things, David, but nothing huge. On the Pratt Canada side, youre exactly right on titanium. And again, this is primarily around the sanctions and our inability to continue to buy nor our desire to buy anything from Russia. So we have been working to identify second sources, qualify them. I will tell you we will impact production lines at a number of our customers. Im sure youre going to hear that from them as well on the biz jet side. Were just not going to be able to make all the deliveries. Now were not talking about dozens and dozens of aircraft, but youre talking 5 to 10 airplanes at these customers that are going to be without engines because we dont have the titanium forgings that we had expected to get this year. So again, this will recover sometime in the middle of next year, but there is still a lot of work to do to get these suppliers re-qualified. And I think every single person in commercial aerospace is facing the same problems with Russian titanium. The fact is it wasnt a huge piece of the supply chain, but it was 20% plus of global titanium and we are all going after those same resources. Interestingly, we were in the Farnborough last week. I had a good conversation with a number of our suppliers on this. People are stepping up. People understand this is a long-term business, and I think the suppliers of titanium see this as a big opportunity to take share. So, we will work through it, but its not going to be without a little bit of pain to our customers.
David Strauss: Greg, how far along are you in reallocating these titanium supply contracts?
Greg Hayes: Well, we are probably  in terms of identifying the sources and the contracts, I would say, we are almost complete. The issue simply is getting the parts qualified. You have got to go through a first article. You got to go through the metallurgical analysis. You got to make sure that the composition of material is exactly the same as what it was prior. And then you got to get the parts certified. So, thats the part that takes time. Its not actually identifying the suppliers. We have done that. We have got everything lined up. The same thing on heat exchangers. Recall, we made a number of different commercial heat exchangers in  at our joint venture in Moscow. All that work was discontinued on the 27th of February, and we are still working through the requalification of heat exchangers. And thats 787s, thats 777s, thats Embraer 170. There is a number of issues that are now  we have got coverage for titanium for most of those or for heat exchangers through the end of the year, and we are working through the requal there. But we are not done yet. There is a lot of work to do.
David Strauss: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Noah Poponak: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Greg Hayes: Good morning Noah.
Noah Poponak: Obviously, whats happening with supply chain labor inflation is  its unprecedented and hard to manage and hard to forecast. But I am confused by the pace of deterioration or the narrow window in which the defense forecast have changed because unprecedented and hard to manage and hard to forecast. But I am confused by the pace of deterioration or the narrow window in which the defense forecast have changed because the variances  the negative variances are pretty large. And if I go back to just the first quarter call in April, you are talking about supply chain labor inflation repeatedly, the whole world was. And so you were giving guidance just three months ago and a month into the quarter. And so have supply chain, labor inflation deteriorated that much in just two months to three months time, or is it that its just that difficult to forecast? And if its the latter, if I go back to this discussion of the second half inflection, its still really hard to stare at this RMD guidance and see how you can have that much of an acceleration. Maybe you could spend some time on the specific programs that drive that to get us more comfortable.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Noah, that is a great point. I would tell you, when we exited the first quarter, and we knew that we had seen supply chain challenges, specifically at RMD, and the thought was, and which turned out to be, of course, incorrect, was that most of the supply chain challenges were related to Omicron, and thats why we had ones in December or in January, but we really expect it as COVID receded into the background that we would see a quick recovery in the supply chain. And in fact, that was wrong. The labor challenges that we continue to see have not abated. And again, I think that is the challenge, and thats the reason we continue to struggle in supply chain. Inflation is a challenge, but we can measure it, we can work to overcome it. Not having enough people in the supply chain, that has proven to be much more difficult. And so again, we have gone through this, I would tell you, program-by-program, line item-by-line item in terms of whats in our MRP schedule. And there are some go-gets out there, but we have commitments from suppliers to hit these numbers. And I think thats the  that is the challenge is making sure that our suppliers continue to deliver on the recovery plans that they have laid out for us. I dont know, Neil, anything you want to
Neil Mitchill: Yes, two points because there has been a compounding impact that we have seen in the second quarter and expect to persist. And one is with the slowdown of receipts of material. We got a different mix of output during the quarter, more development program focused, and our lower margin production contracts were the ones that received the materials. So, getting back to that fill rate conversation, you had the stuff that was coming in not being on the more profitable programs. The second piece of that, the knockdown effect of that is the absence of labor productivity in the shops. And so with the fill rates being down in that 50% range, we just did not get the benefit of rolling through labor efficiencies, which is the primary driver of the EAC benefits we typically see in a quarter and RMD has seen. Now in the second half, we expect some, not all of that, to recover. And so it is a tough hill in the second half. I think we have got the right resources to engage with suppliers and within the business and on the shop floors. But we are looking at this every day, and we do need to see a market improvement in productivity in the shops to drive that P&L benefit in the second half of the year.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Thanks Noah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Your question please, Sheila Kahyaoglu.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. I could I guess that was me. Good morning guys.
Greg Hayes: Good morning. Hi Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. When we think about the U.S. airlines, just pushing gears a little bit, they are finally seeing pricing tailwinds and capacity constraints. So, can you talk a little bit about your aftermarket business? Are you seeing different actions from the airlines? How is pricing trending relative to history? And then can you maybe remind us of your aftermarket guidance expectations for the year with long-haul international expectations for the second half?
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Let me start with some of the outlook pieces here. First, at Collins, we now expect aftermarket to be up between 20% and 25% year-over-year. So, we are at the halfway mark of the year. I think its important. I have been talking a lot about the uncertainty around the recovery, and we are pleased to see that improving, obviously, and holding. I think Greg will probably want to add a couple of comments here as well. But clearly, the demand for air travel is very strong. We are seeing some encouragement in terms of the wide body routes opening up as well and expect that to continue in the second half. And on the Pratt side, we now see the aftermarket up year-over-year 25%. So, really good performance there. Our customers are giving us good line of sight to shop visit inductions. We are a little over 40% towards our plan for the year in terms of V2500 shop visits. There is still some work to be done in the back half of the year. As you know, China was closed down for the better part of the second quarter, and that is a piece of the back half growth. But we feel pretty confident. We have got a good dialogue with our customers, good line of sight to the third quarter in particular, and I expect that to continue in the fourth quarter.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Sheila, all I would say is that its an interesting time for the commercial aerospace business. Demand is  unprecedented is the wrong word. I would say the trajectory of the recovery certainly I think caught people by a surprise in terms of the desire to travel again. And you can tell every time you go to an airport today the long lines that we have. And the problem, of course, is its not just pilot shortages, but its baggage handlers. Its TSA agents, its everybody that supports commercial airlines. They are struggling with the same labor availability that we talked about in the supply chain. So, the recovery is very strong. Pricing, as you know, for the airlines is very strong. Fuel prices, Jet A has doubled in price in the last year. But its come off of its eyes a couple of months ago. So, I think again, the airlines financially are doing very well. And the biggest concern they have is aircraft availability. And so we are going to see very strong inductions into the shop. We have seen very strong orders in our aftermarket and getting a little bit stronger than we had anticipated going into the second quarter. And we dont think there is anything that changes that trajectory in the back half of the year. Absent a huge resurgence in COVID, I think again, people want to travel. China will reopen at some point, which we have seen a quick snapback in demand as soon as China reopens. So, I think its all pointing in a positive direction on commercial aero for the back half of the year and into 2023. So, I think again, we are well along the recovery path and no change in trajectory.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird. Please go ahead Peter Arment.
Peter Arment: Hey. Good morning Greg, Neil and Jennifer.
Greg Hayes: Good morning Peter.
Peter Arment: Greg, if I could just come back to kind of the differences between commercial aerospace or your aerospace business, how well its performing, but dealing with a lot of the same probably supply chain that overlaps with defense. Maybe if you can just call out maybe some of the differences? Because I think a lot of it is struggling on the defense side, it really seems very complex and trying to get back to kind of the trajectory versus where your commercial aerospace business is. Probably dealing with a lot of the same challenges, but at the same time is performing really well. I mean maybe just call out a couple of differences that would be helpful. Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Look, one of the  one of the benefits on the commercial side is we are not handicapped with government contracting regulations. And to that end, the MMS, material management system, which dictates how much inventory we can drive and how soon we can place things on order, really constrains our ability to be flexible on the defense side. I would tell you the reason that we have been able to be successful on the commercial side is we have driven a lot of inventory in. You look at the inventory, its up about $1 billion since the beginning of the year. Its up about $400 million in the second quarter, primarily on the commercial side to meet the higher demand. So, we have been driving material in faster. We are not constrained on the commercial side by the MMS system. And I think again, that is a lesson learned for us. And what we told the team in defense is bring it in. We dont have to build it. We had to bring in more inventory sooner rather than within normal lead times, thats okay. So, we are going to go out and be a little more aggressive with inventory. We are not talking billions of dollars, but the fact is we need to drive inventory in faster and give some surety of supply or surety of demand rather to our supply chain, such as they continue to drive material in. And look, some of the suppliers we know are not going to get better this year. Rocket motors, we have talked about that continually for over a year. We know thats a recovery that stretches probably into 2024. But thats only a piece of the problem. I mean its again trying to make sure we have got the right chips and microelectronics and really hand-to-mouth there. But again, we have the tools. And again, the folks here at the corporate office and supply chain are off working with the folks on the defense side to help overcome some of these challenges, but its not easy.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color. Thanks Greg.
Greg Hayes: Thanks Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Melius Research. Your question please, Robert Spingarn.
Robert Spingarn: Thank you. Greg, I wanted to go back to the discussion on inflation and labor constraints and ask what the longer term opportunity is to apply automation across the four businesses to mitigate these issues. Does this require brand-new programs or brand-new facilities to implement? And more specifically with Asheville, it seems that, thats going to be a tough labor situation. Its an inherently labor-intensive business casting, and you dont really have an available labor pool there thats trained in casting. So, how do you staff that plant specifically, or will it be more automated?
Greg Hayes: Well, look, its  I would tell you, factory automation is something that we have been doing for a number of years. I think about the facility we have at Pratt Canada that went online more than 5 years ago, completely lights out manufacturing. So, we have been making investments, I will call it, an industry 4.0 across all of our factories. We have got the new project down in Dallas, the new factory, automated factory thats going in down there. You have got Asheville. And Asheville, while it is a large facility, the actual number of employees is only I think about 800 that we are going to be hiring, and we have been actively hiring them today to train them for the opening, which has happened sometime I think at the end of next year. So, look, it will be a challenge. But I would tell you, again, if you work at Pratt & Whitney, work at Collins or anywhere we across the RTX portfolio, we pay very good wages. But labor cost is a very  or direct labor cost, a very small piece of our cost of sales. The bigger challenge I would tell you is on the engineering front. And again, thats  its just trying to find enough qualified engineers with clearances to drive the revenue growth that we have been expecting on all of these programs that we have signed up for. So, inflation is a problem, but we can deal with the inflation. The fact, labor shortages, we can deal with it within our own four walls because we have got really good pay, really good competitive benefits. People come to Raytheon because of our mission. And I think thats a differentiator that we have in the marketplace. And the hope, of course, is as we see the economy slow down here in the coming months and perhaps year, that we will have the opportunity to continue to drive more folks into both the shop floor as well as into our offices on these programs. As far as automation, we are going to continue to drive automation. Its what we do to drive cost reduction that we are encouraging suppliers to do the same thing. But its all contemplated, I think in the kind of $2.5 billion a year that we spend on CapEx, which is not an insignificant amount.
Robert Spingarn: Greg, just one more thing on Asheville. You mentioned structural castings earlier. We know that its been a long pole in the tent here. If I remember correctly, Asheville is supposed to be for airfoils, but might you do structural large structures there just to address this single supplier problem.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Look, we will take airfoils first. And I think, again, whether we decide later on to go up the supply chain there, thats a decision in another relatively large investment. The fact is structural castings require huge capital and I would tell you a workforce that is highly skilled. We are going to start with airfoils. It will take us several years to get up to full run rate production there, and then we will see where we go from there. But really no plans to go beyond structural  I am sorry, to go beyond the airfoils at this point.
Robert Spingarn: Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Yes. Thanks very much. Good morning. Thanks for all the color on the defense situation. Maybe just a quick final question thats a little more thematic. Greg, how do you think about the role of the company in China over time and the pace at which maybe the U.S. and China are decoupling on aerospace? We see the 737 MAX that it seems to be stuck in some political limbo right now in China, Collins as a supplier on the C919. How fast do you see these two kinds of aviation worlds is splitting up, or is that not the right way to think about it? How do you think about that these days?
Greg Hayes: So look, China remains an incredibly large market for commercial aerospace, is an incredibly important market for commercial aerospace growth over the coming decades. Obviously, the Chinese have a desire to have indigenous aircraft. Thats the C919, maybe the C929 at some point. But the fact is, we think we are going to have  we will continue to work with our partners there. We will continue to utilize supply chain out of China that we have thousands and thousands of parts that come out of China for our commercial aerospace, specifically at Collins, but also some for Pratt Canada and some for Pratt & Whitney. So, look, we are going to continue to work with the Chinese. At the same time, I think we understand the geopolitical realities, and we are also making sure that we have assured supply chain. So, we are looking to make sure we have second sources outside of China in the case that the geopolitical tensions were eye to the point where we are not able to access that supply chain there. Thats a process thats been ongoing for well over 1.5 years and will continue for the next couple of years, again, thousands of part numbers to do that. But again, we dont see a decoupling of China from the world the way we have seen a decoupling of Russia from the world after the invasion of Ukraine. Again, its  the economy of Russia, relatively small, China is the second largest economy in the world. The decoupling between China and the U.S., I think is impractical and almost impossible to imagine the consequences on the U.S. consumer, the U.S. economy, if we really try to decouple. So, again, the hope here is we find a path forward where we can work together at the same time understanding that we have competing interests. But at the same time, we are retaining a very large presence in China for the commercial aerospace, obviously, not on the defense side. But we understand what we need to do to protect our customers long-term.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Okay. So Latif, thank you very much. Appreciate everybody listening in today. Jennifer and team, of course, will be available all day to take your calls and questions, and look forward to seeing you guys sometime early in the fall. Thank you.
Operator: This now concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Raytheon Technologies First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ludie , and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being carried live on the internet, and there is a presentation available for download from the Raytheon Technologies website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak the results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition, accounting, adjustments and net nonrecurring and/or significant items often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTC's SEC filings, including its Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. . With that, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Gregory Hayes: Thank you, Ludie, and good morning, everybody. Before I get into the results, I just want to spend a minute to address the Russian invasion of Ukraine. I know it's first in center on everybody's mind. It's obviously been devastating to see these tragic events unfold and our thoughts and prayers are with the Ukrainian people. We, of course, have ceased all of our business activities with Russia in line with global sanctions, and we remain committed to supporting our allies and ensuring the safety of our people around the world. This event, more than any other, demonstrates our unique responsibility as a global company and trusted with supporting our customers as they navigate a difficult and complex geopolitical landscape, and we remain focused on honoring that mission. All right. Let me turn to the first quarter. As you saw from the press release, we're off to a good start for the year. On the commercial aerospace side, we remain optimistic on the market recovery, despite a slower than expected start to the year due to the impact of Omicron and increased geopolitical tensions. That said, air traffic is rebounding again in many markets around the world. In the U.S., passenger traffic through TSA checkpoints remained steady versus Q4 at about 1.8 million passengers per day in the quarter. But importantly, it averaged over 2 million passengers per day in March, a significant increase last year and a nearly -- that's nearly 90% of what we saw in 2019. So recovery is in sight. On the defense side, we're very pleased with the enacted '22 DoD budget, and we're encouraged by the President's most recent fiscal '23 budget request of $773 billion. The proposed budget includes broad-based support across our key programs and technology investments in cyber, space, missiles, missile defense systems and others, and we expect the enacted budget could be even higher to account for inflation and the many unfunded priorities identified by the services. Looking internationally, our allies are also increasingly prioritizing defense spending with a focus on defensive systems, which we are uniquely positioned to support. Resilient commercial air traffic, coupled with growing global defense budgets and our strong backlog continue to support our long-term outlook for our businesses and gives us confidence in our ability to drive top-line growth and margin expansion over the next several years. All right. Turning to Slide 2, this has some highlights for the quarter. As I said, it was a good start to the year, despite the impact of Omicron and continued supply chain constraints. Commercial aftermarket remained strong in the quarter, growing 38% from Q1 of last year. We delivered solid financial performance in the quarter where we exceeded our expectations on both adjusted EPS and free cash flow. That said, as a result of ceasing business activities in Russia, we are going to reduce our full-year sales outlook by $750 million to a new range of $67.75 billion to $68.75 billion. However, we are going to hold our adjusted EPS range of $4.60 to $4.80, and we continue to expect free cash flow of about $6 billion for the year. Neil will give you a little more color on this in just a minute. Our defense backlog remained very strong at $62 billion exiting the quarter and total company backlog was $154 billion. Notable defense awards in the quarter included about $1.2 billion of classified bookings at RMD, including a significant competitive award as well as $650 million for the SPY-6 full rate production contract and RIS booked about $1.1 billion of classified awards. On the capital allocation front, we repurchased $743 million of RTX shares during the quarter, and we remain on track to repurchase at least $2.5 billion of share for the year. Yesterday, of course, you saw we increased our quarterly dividend by nearly 8% from $0.51 per share to $0.55, continuing our long history of growing and paying a dividend. Since completing the merger, we have returned nearly $9 billion to RTX shareowners, and by the end of this year, by the end of '22, that will be in excess of $13 billion. And of course, we remain committed to returning at least $20 billion to shareowners in the first four years following the merger. That shouldn't be an issue at all. On the program execution front, we recently delivered the first LTAMS unit into the U.S. Army test program. It's an important milestone for what will be a franchise program for RMD. And finally, we launched RTX Ventures to accelerate our pipeline of innovative technologies to grow -- to drive future growth and see an ecosystem of groundbreaking technology companies. With that, let me turn it over to Neil, and I'll will be back for the wrap-up and Q&A. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Well, thanks, Greg. I'm on Slide 3. As Greg noted, we delivered adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow that exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Sales of $15.7 billion were in line with our expectations and up 4% organically versus the prior year. Our performance in the quarter was primarily driven by the continued recovery of domestic and short-haul international air travel that was partially offset by continued supply chain constraints across our businesses. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.15 was up 28% year-over-year and ahead of our expectations, primarily driven by commercial aftermarket at Collins, $0.04 of commercial OE timing at Pratt and other corporate items, including lower tax expense, which more than offset the supply chain constraints. On a GAAP basis, EPS from continuing operations was $0.74 per share and included $0.41 of acquisition accounting adjustments and net significant and/or nonrecurring items, which included $0.14 of charges associated with the impact of global sanctions on Russia. And free cash flow of $37 million was better than our expectations of an outflow of $500 million, driven primarily by working capital, most notably the timing of collections during the quarter. And finally, let me give you an update on our synergy progress. During the quarter, we achieved incremental gross cost synergies of about $90 million, putting us on track to achieve $335 million of incremental cost synergies for the full-year. With that, let me hand it over to Jennifer to take you through the segment results, and I'll come back and share our thoughts on the rest of 2022. Jennifer?
Jennifer Reed: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins Aerospace on Slide 4. Sales were $4.8 billion in the quarter, up 10% on an adjusted basis and up 11% on an organic basis, driven primarily by the continued recovery in the commercial aerospace end markets. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 39%, driven by a 73% increase in provisioning, a 43% increase in parts and repair and 11% increase in modification and upgrades. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 5%. Commercial OE sales were up 12% with strength in narrow-body, offsetting expected headwinds from lower 787 deliveries. And military sales were down 12%, driven primarily by supply chain constraints and expected declines in F-35 volume. Adjusted operating profit of $584 million was up $252 million from the prior year, drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket and OE volume more than offset lower military sales volume and higher SG&A expense. Looking ahead, as a result of ceasing activities with Russia, we now expect Collins full-year sales to be about $375 million lower than our prior expectations, but still expect their sales to grow low double-digits. However, as a result of better mix and spending containment, we are maintaining Collins full-year operating profit range of up $650 million to $800 million versus 2021. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 5. Sales of $4.5 billion were up 12% on an adjusted basis and up 13% on an organic basis, driven primarily by the continued recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 37% in the quarter with legacy large commercial engine shop visit inductions up 9% and Pratt Canada shop visits up 22%. Commercial OE sales were up 12%, driven by favorable mix within Pratt's large commercial engine business as well as higher general aviation platforms at Pratt Canada. In the Military business, sales were down 11%, driven by F-135 production contract award timing and lower expected production volume that were partially offset by higher F-135 aftermarket volume. Adjusted operating profit of $308 million was up $268 million from the prior-year. Drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket sales volume, favorable large commercial OE mix and higher Pratt Canada OE volume were partially offset by higher SG&A and E&D as well as lower military sales volume. Looking ahead, as a result of ceasing activities with Russia, we also now expect Pratt's full-year sales to be about $375 million lower than our prior expectations and now expect their sales to grow high single to low double-digits. However, as a result of better mix and spending containment, we are maintaining Pratt's full-year operating profit range of up $500 million to $600 million versus 2021. Turning now to Slide 6. RIS sales of $3.6 billion were down 5% versus prior-year on an adjusted basis, primarily driven by the divestiture of the global training and service business. Sales were in line with prior-year on an organic basis. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter of $378 million was down $10 million versus prior-year, primarily driven by the impact of the divestiture that was partially offset by net productivity across various programs. RIS had $2.6 billion of bookings in the quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.8 in a backlog of $17 billion. In addition to significant bookings that Greg mentioned, RIS also booked $311 million for the next-generation OPIR Geo. It's worth noting that we continue to expect RIS full-year book-to-bill to be greater than 1. Turning to RIS full-year outlook. We continue to expect RIS sales to be down slightly on a reported basis and to grow low single-digit on an organic basis. We also continue to expect RIS operating profit to be flat to up $50 million versus 2021. Turning now to Slide 7. RMD sales was $3.5 billion, down 7% on both an adjusted and organic basis, primarily driven by the continuing supply chain constraints and decline in certain land, warfare and air defense programs. Adjusted operating profit of $387 million was $109 million lower than prior-year, driven primarily by lower net program efficiencies and unfavorable program mix. RMD's bookings in the quarter were approximately $4.1 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.18 and a backlog of $29 billion. In addition to the awards that Greg discussed, RMD also booked about $385 million for ex-caliber rapid demo for the U.S. Army, about $220 million for AIM-9X Sidewinder for the U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force and international customers and about $220 million for Patriot engineering support services for the U.S. Army and international customers. It's worth noting that we now expect RMD's full-year book-to-bill to be at least 1.1. Looking ahead, we continue to expect RMD sales to grow low to mid-single digit and operating profit growth of $150 million to $200 million versus 2021. With that, I'll turn it back to Neil to provide some color on the rest of the year.
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, Jennifer. I'm on Slide 8. Let me give you some perspective on how we're thinking about the environment as we look ahead. I'll start with some of the positives. Despite the impact of COVID variants early in the year, we continue to expect that the commercial aerospace recovery will remain resilient and will drive growth in commercial aftermarket and narrow-body OE deliveries this year. Notwithstanding the fact that global RPMs grew roughly four points less than we expected in the first quarter, Commercial aftermarket grew in line with our expectations as operators began preparing their fleets for the summer travel season. At the same time, we're closely monitoring China domestic and international traffic. And as I've said before, our outlook assumes a significant improvement in wide-body traffic during the balance of the year. That said, we continue to expect commercial traffic to return to 2019 levels by the end of next year. On the defense side, as Greg mentioned, we are optimistic about the President's fiscal '23 budget request, which included a 5% base budget increase in the modernization accounts where our investments in technology and innovation are well aligned to the administration's priorities and our major programs are well supported. And while it's too early to quantify today, all of our businesses are positioned to support the expected growth in U.S. and international defense spending. On the cost reduction front, we remain laser-focused on driving operational excellence to deliver further margin expansion, including $1.5 billion of total gross cost synergies. On the challenges side, we continue to see global supply chain, inflation and labor availability pressures across our businesses. And while we saw increasing risk in these areas during the first quarter, we remain focused on mitigating actions and expect supply chain constraints will ease later in the year. And finally, we continue to monitor the broader geopolitical environment, including the impact of global sanctions as well as the U.S. and global tax environment. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 9. As Greg discussed, due to ceasing business activities with Russia, we are reducing our full-year sales outlook by $750 million, which, as we said, is split evenly between Collins and Pratt. We now see full-year sales between $67.75 billion and $68.75 billion for the full-year. However, from an earnings perspective, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share to be between $4.60 and $4.80 due to improving sales mix and spending containment at both Collins and Pratt. And on the cash front, we continue to expect free cash flow of about $6 billion. It's important to remind everyone that our cash flow outlook continues to assume that the legislation requiring R&D capitalization for tax purposes is deferred beyond 2022, which, as I've said before, the free cash flow impact of this legislation is approximately $2 billion for the year. So with that, let me hand it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Gregory Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Neil. Just a couple of thoughts here on our '22 priorities, which remain essentially unchanged. Obviously, we remain focused on supporting our customers, our employees, suppliers and communities so that we can actually execute on our mission of defending democracy and connecting the world, and today's environment reinforces the need for us to invest in innovative technologies to remain competitive, to drive industry leadership and to deliver the right solutions for our customers. We'll do this while driving operational excellence and remaining disciplined with our capital, including meeting our capital return commitments. And of course, we're committed to doing all of this responsibly as evidenced by the publication of our first RTX ESG report yesterday, which builds upon our long history of best practices in this area. And finally, earlier this month, we celebrated the two-year anniversary of our merger. I'm very proud of what we've accomplished together so far, and I want to thank all of our employees for all of their efforts during this very difficult and challenging period. I'm confident in the investment thesis we laid out at the investor conference last May. Our franchises are strong. We operate in resilient markets, and we have great technology. And importantly, we have experienced leadership that is focused on operational excellence and delivering on our long-term commitments. With that, let me open up the call for questions. Ludie?
Operator: Thank you.  The first question will come from the line of Myles Walton from UBS. Your line is open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Greg or Neil, could you comment on the gradients of the supply chain constraints you saw in the first quarter as you look to the second quarter? In particular, the two items of Pratt commercial engines and rocket motors. I know you've talked about recovery by year-end, but have you passed the point of low and you're seeing improvement sequentially?
Gregory Hayes: Yes, Myles, thanks for the question. So I think we laid this out last month -- I guess a month and a half ago when we were speaking at the Barclays Investor Conference. But the fact is, we had problem with our structural casting supplier where we were not able to get castings into our MRP schedule. That resulted in about 70 engines moving out of the first quarter. That problem is not behind us, but we are working with that supplier to recover that, and we'll get most of the way there by the end of the year, but it is not without its challenges. Like everybody else, our suppliers are seeing a shortage of labor as well as inflation in their own businesses. So that's the first piece. I think, again, we understand the issue, and we have a plan to recover it. On the rocket motor side, this impacts most of the RMD businesses and that remains problematic. We have a recovery plan that we work with them on every day. We have a number of our folks that are at their facilities every single day working through this, making sure we're being prioritized, but the recovery is not going to happen this year. I think we are so far behind on rocket motors, it will -- it could well stretch into the 2023 timeframe. So again, not a new issue, but one that we have not been able to solve yet. And we're off working with other suppliers to try and requalify other rocket motors, but it is a long process to do that. So we're going to be hand to mouth on rocket motors for a period of time yet.
Myles Walton: Okay. Okay. And just a clarification. Did that drive the EAC in the quarter in RMD? Is that the reason to lighter margins?
Neil Mitchill: Myles, it's Neil. Good morning. Let me comment a little bit on the margins. There's a couple of things driving the margins year-over-year. I would characterize it in a couple of different buckets. The first one is about 110 basis points I would attribute to lower EACs in the quarter versus a year ago. And I would say that some of that was, in fact, driven by the fact that because of the supply chain delays that we encountered in the first quarter, they pushed key milestones out to the right that we're looking to that would be the indicators of when we could realize productivity. So we expect productivity to return to the RMD business in the second quarter and beyond, and certainly, the first quarter, I think, marks a low point of the year for RMD and the margin, but that was the principal contributor. The second piece, just to kind of finish the thought the other 100 basis points I would attribute to the contract mix. And we've been talking about this for quite some time now about the mix to -- from lower international Patriot and NASAMS production volume and some lower-margin development contracts that are in process right now. So overall, with RMD sales down 7% in the quarter, about half of that was expected and the other half was, I'd say, driven by the supply chain. We also did have one fewer workday in the quarter. That's probably about $50 million for the quarter. But we do expect that to recover as the year goes on. RMD is still expected to be up about 3% year-over-year on a sales basis.
Myles Walton: All right. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Melius Research. Your line is open.
Robert Spingarn: Well, hi. Good morning.
Gregory Hayes: Good morning, Rob.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Spingarn: A couple of things on defense. Jennifer talked about, I think it was low to mid single-digit sales growth profile at RMD going forward. Does this embed incremental demand that you talked about expected out of Europe? More specifically, the army -- will the army replace the current 1,400 stingers that were sent to Ukraine? And would that be through a sole source contract or perhaps, a competitive follow-on contract?
Gregory Hayes: Yes. Let me start with that. As far as looking at the sales forecast for RMD, that does actually not contemplate any upside that we see from replenishment of stocks. And again, we're working through all that, trying to understand the timing. Clearly, we won't see any of that benefit this year, but as we think about the next couple of years, as we see the budgets continue to increase and we see the replenishment orders come in, we would expect we will see a benefit to the RMD top-line, which will take that that number up somewhat. So again, we're not quite ready to give you a new number, but I would just tell you, it's going to be higher than what we've got there. As far as the stingers, we should keep in mind, we have -- we are currently producing stingers for an international customer, but we have a very limited stock of material for stinger production. We've been working with the DoD for the last couple of weeks. We're actively trying to resource some of the material. But unfortunately, DoD hasn't bought a stinger in about 18 years. And some of the components are no longer commercially available, and so we're going to have to go out and redesign some of the electronics in the missile of the seeker head. That's going to take us a little bit of time. So again, we'll ramp up production what we can this year, but I would expect, again, this is going to be a '23, '24 where we actually see orders come in for the larger replenishments, both on Stinger as well as on Javelin, which has also been very successful in theater.
Robert Spingarn: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird. Your line is open.
Peter Arment: Good morning Greg, Neil, Jennifer.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Arment: Hey Greg, can you give us maybe some color on just where you are on the narrow-body build rate side? I mean it seems like that's a big part of the positives for this year? And just are you seeing running into any supply chain issues on that front? Thanks.
Gregory Hayes: Yes, Peter, I think the biggest supply chain challenge that we're seeing as it relates to the narrow body recovery would go to Pratt & Whitney, obviously, as we think about GTF production. And that's the structural castings issue that we talked about that caused first quarter rates to be lower than what we had expected. So that will get better as we go throughout the year. We actually see supply chain constraints across the commercial portfolio, though. I mean we see it in electronics just like everybody else. We see it in aluminum. We see it in titanium. I think the one of the challenges as we think about Russia, for instance, that was a large source of some of our titanium supplies. And because of the sanctions, we are looking to resource a lot of material, probably not going to impact narrow-body production delivery rates this year, but certainly could going into next year. I would tell you that we're in lockstep with both Airbus and Boeing on their production rates. Obviously, if you talk to the folks at Airbus, they'd like to see a rate of 70 or 75 by 2025. We'll see if we can get there, but we're certainly doing everything we can to support our customers there. But supply chain continues to be an issue, I would say, across the business, especially on the electronics side where we've seen lead times go from three months out to 12 months plus, and we are on allocation for many of those components. So again, nothing dramatic that's going to change our forecast or change our ability. It's just a watch item that we're actively working.
Neil Mitchill: Peter, maybe I could add a couple of points here, too. Just from a financial perspective, as you think about the sales impact of the Russia on the narrow-body in particular. At Collins, we expect the commercial OE now to be up mid to high teens year-over-year, still very strong growth. And similarly at Pratt, we now expect commercial OE to be up low teens. I had talked about -- Greg and I talked about OE shipments being up about 200. Think about that now is about up 180 at the Pratt business year-over-year. So just a couple of extra data points for you.
Peter Arment: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Gregory Hayes: Good morning, Rob.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Neil, maybe just a follow-up on your Russia comment there. I was wondering if you could give us a bit more detail on this hit to revenues that you're anticipating in 2022, because I wouldn't expect Airbus and Boeing to not remarket planes, for example. Is this all coming on the aftermarket and on BizJet?
Gregory Hayes: Yes, Rob, I think if you think about that -- so Russia accounts for about 4% of global RPMs, right? So it's not a huge number, but it accounts for about 1.5% of our total sales. So call that $900 million a year. We're going to be able to mitigate some of that through higher sales elsewhere, but you really do lose some sales associated with aftermarket activity into Russia. Also importantly, at Pratt, we're not shipping engines to . We're not shipping engines to Airbus that would otherwise go into Russia. Now Airbus, of course, will remarket some of those so we won't lose those completely, but we will lose the spare sales associated with those engines going into Russia. So again, we've taken a pretty detailed look at this in terms of the sales impact, and what Neil said, importantly, I think, though, there still is a relatively significant hit in terms of earnings around $200 million. Fortunately, we're going to be able to offset that through cost reduction and just cost containment, but it is not a small number for us as we think about the guidance for the year.
Neil Mitchill: And Rob, I would also tell you that just to kind of think about the profile of that, think about $225 million a quarter in each of the next three quarters. We actually had about $80 million of sales that did not materialize in the first quarter, because of this impact. And as you think about one other thing to add is, Pratt Canada also was selling engines to -- helicopter engines into Russia. So that will impact the OE. So from a split perspective, Collins about 60% aftermarket, 40% OE. And then at Pratt, about 10% aftermarket, but really heavy on the OE side, 90%.
Robert Stallard: That's great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ronald Epstein: Yes. Good morning Greg.
Gregory Hayes: Good morning, Ron.
Ronald Epstein: Maybe just following on that supply chain team. How are you guys handling the titanium situation, right? I mean Russia was a somewhat important supplier for you guys. I mean are you just looking to move that all domestic? And how are you thinking about it?
Gregory Hayes: Ron, that is a great question. And I think the biggest challenge that we have as we think about these global sanctions on Russia, we did have a relatively significant portion of titanium forgings and castings coming from Russia and many of those are now on the sanctions list. The good news is, as we started looking across the business, and we actually -- we started advanced purchasing back in the fourth quarter when we were able to get ahead of some of the sanctions. So we have inventory for a big chunk of that throughout through the end of this year. I will tell you though that there are some components, especially at Pratt Canada, where it's going to take us some time to resource some of the castings and that's going to impact some of our customer deliveries this year, full stop. And as we think about the sales guidance that Neil was just talking about, obviously, the Pratt Canada piece is directly impacting that in terms of not being able to deliver all the engines that we had hoped to. We'll recover those next year, and we're working on the sourcing. I would tell you, trying to find titanium sourcing today is very difficult. Russia accounted for about 15% of global sponge production. So that's really been taken out of the market. But it's not just the sponge production, it's also the casting and forging facilities that are in Russia that are no longer available to us. So we're working through all of that. I think we've done a pretty good job of identifying what those challenges are and finding second sources. But it's is going to cause us to be late on some deliveries, especially out of Pratt Canada this year, and it's going to take us some time to recover.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. And if I may as a follow-on. Are you thinking about just permanently moving it out of Russia?
Gregory Hayes: We're done in Russia, full stop. We actually -- we had a joint venture there where we built commercial heat exchangers for Boeing and Embraer. We closed that facility. We sold our share. We aren't going back. I think this is, as they say, crossing the Rubicon here as far as we're concerned for Russia. We're not going to support the airlines. We're not going to support the development programs. We're not going to support any Russian customers going forward, while this is going on.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. All right. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning guys. Thank you for the time.
Gregory Hayes: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Maybe on a more upbeat note, can we talk about profitability? It was pretty good, 50% incrementals in the quarter and guidance sort of implies is flattish for the rest of the year. What's sort of going on there? Are you just mitigating for risk with supply chain? And then now that the two year log has expired with the merger, how are you thinking about the portfolio overall?
Neil Mitchill: Okay. Let me start with the financial piece, and I'll let Greg talk about our portfolio thinking. Good morning, Sheila. So yes, very strong margins for Collins in the quarter, getting a little bit of feedback there. So good margins. The aftermarket, in particular, at Collins, performed quite well with provisioning up 73% year-over-year, and that was really what drove the favorability in the first quarter for us. So I think we don't expect that to sustain itself at quite that level as the year progresses. And also similar to last year, Sheila, you remember that we had phased our expenditures, our E&D, our SG&A. We had furloughs that were still in effect in the first quarter of last year. So those types of items become a headwind as you get a little further into the year. So very strong incrementals in the first quarter. We still expect mid-30s for the next several quarters. For Collins as you see E&D ramp up a little bit. You see the effect of our merit increases take hold on April 1 across the company. But if the aftermarket is stronger, you will surely see that in the margins as well. We're very pleased to see double-digit margins again at Collins. Greg, I'll turn it over to you.
Gregory Hayes: Yes, Sheila, just a comment on portfolio rationalization. We obviously haven't been sitting still for the last two years. We've been looking at across the portfolio. But to your point, we were really kind of hamstrung because of the spin transactions and the merger to not really do anything significant with any of our portfolio during that two year period. So we are actively looking across the portfolio today for both acquisitions as well as divestitures. I would tell you, the acquisitions will probably be technology-related and smaller dollar similar to what we did last year with Seeker Engineering or Blue Canyon in the space side. And then we are going to look at the Collins portfolio for potential divestitures. There are certain businesses that do not have the growth profile, the margin profile or the technical footprint that we're looking for in some of these product lines. So I would expect over the next six to nine months, we'll complete those analysis. Obviously, you don't want to be selling any of these businesses in a down aero market, but with the recovery that we're expecting this year and next, I would think we will probably be doing something later this year or early next year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Gregory Hayes: Thanks, Sheila.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
Gregory Hayes: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Greg, on the Collins side, any visibility out of Boeing to go above 31 a month on MAX? And where are you today on 87 and the outlook for production to start moving back up again there?
Gregory Hayes: That's a great question for the Boeing company tomorrow when they release earnings. I would tell you, we're in lockstep with Boeing in terms of the production schedule on MAX for this year. I know they have talked about 31 a month, and we're clearly able to support that level and even higher as we go into next year, 787 production, I think again, it's -- we have been working with Boeing as they're working through their own issues relative to FAA certification to get the aircraft delivered. Obviously, there's -- we haven't been shipping a lot down to Charleston on the 787 over the last quarter because of some of those issues. But we would expect as the year progresses, we'll start to see that pick up. And I would tell you that Boeing has been very transparent with us in terms of sharing what their delivery and the production forecasts are, and it's all reflected in the guidance that we've given for Collins. So no change to any of that today.
David Strauss: All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning guys.
Gregory Hayes: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: On the large commercial engine castings issue at Pratt, is this related to aluminum casting or titanium casting? And also with the raw material and labor inflation, are there threshold limits on how much you're able to pass through to your customers?
Gregory Hayes: So those are primarily titanium castings from a -- from our supplier that's impacting it. These are structural castings, which means you can't really build -- start building most of the engine until you get the castings in and that's what's the holdup is there. I'm sorry, was there another part to that question, Kristine?
Kristine Liwag: Yes. Greg, on raw material and labor inflation, are there threshold limits on how much you're able to pass through to customers?
Gregory Hayes: There are, I think the good news is, as you think about inflation in the supply chain is about 80% of the -- our commercial aerospace supply is on long-term agreements. Obviously, there's -- some of that comes up for renegotiation every year, and we're seeing some cost pressure. Typically, every year, we see maybe $150 million or so of inflation. I would tell you, there's probably an extra $200 million this year of inflation that we're going to have to offset through cost reduction or negotiations with some of the supply chain. In terms of passing it on to the customers, typically, we have dead band pricing within the contracts, which require us to absorb the first tranche of inflation, and beyond that, we can pass on a portion of it. Unfortunately, we're not going to be able to do that this year. That will be a benefit next year as we can increase pricing. We did, of course, increase pricing on the aftermarket through our catalog that was issued, I think, last October. That was roughly a 6% increase year-over-year. So we're able to offset a chunk of the -- of that inflation through pricing, and the rest is going to have to be offset through either cost reduction, redesign or renegotiation.
Neil Mitchill: And while we're on the topic of supply chain and the castings, that $0.04 benefit that we realized in the first quarter is likely going to end up being a $0.04 headwind as we go through the second quarter and we get the production back on track.
Kristine Liwag: Great, thank you guys. Very helpful.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Douglas Harned: Good morning, thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Doug.
Douglas Harned: If we go back to last summer, you all talked about a five-year CAGR for defense in the sort of 3% to 5% range top line. And now we've seen now that we're seeing the issues with the Russian Invasion, we're looking at stronger defense budgets. You talked about this a little bit earlier. How do you see that trajectory now? Is there upside from there? We haven't seen a backlog increase yet, but does this change the way you look at that five-year outlook?
Gregory Hayes: Yes, Doug as we think about this, given the President's budget request for '23 of $773 billion did not anticipate the Russian invasion of Ukraine. So we were seeing an increase in defense spending before any of this nonsense in Ukraine with the Russians. So I think, again, the trajectory is better than what we had expected. I mean I will go back two years when the merger first occurred, we thought defense spending was going to be flat to up slightly. And I think everybody recognizes the need for modernization and the need to prepare for -- to deter these folks in a more robust fashion. So clearly, there's going to be upward pressure on sales guidance, but again, you probably won't see any of that until '23 or '24. But as we understand what the implications are of the new defense budget, what we see in terms of the plus-ups as they go through the process on the '23 NDAA, I think, again, we'll have an opportunity to update everybody later this year on our thinking around kind of that three to five year outlook for defense.
Douglas Harned: But your sense is that there could potentially be some upside there as we look in the outer years?
Gregory Hayes: Yes, absolutely. If you look at just the research and development in the budget, that's up 11% versus what was in the '22 budget. So clearly, there is going to be more spending than what we had anticipated, and importantly, it's in those programs like space and some of the other advanced missions that we have an outsized share of.
Douglas Harned: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning everyone.
Gregory Hayes: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Neil, could you spend a minute on the progression of the margin through the year at the other segments, the way you did at Collins? Because it looks like RIS is fairly steady through the year, but then RMD mathematically needs a pretty big step up to get into the 150 to 200. It looks like a lot sequentially. So I'm assuming that's back-end loaded, but the more back-end loaded, the higher it has to be. And then at Pratt, I assume or clearly, you'll have different mix OE versus aftermarket as you move through the year, but the guidance implies that margin steps down, and I assume that mix change is also back-end loaded. So just be helpful to hear from you on how we should expect those to change as you move through the year?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Noah. Let me start with RMD. As I said earlier, the 11% in the first quarter we see as the low point of the year. And in order to get to our full-year guide, you're right, we have to be in the 13% to 14% margin range, and that business has been there before. That will come on the back of improved mix. It will also come with productivity realization as we get later in the year and these milestones get realized. So I would expect to see sequential increases in the margin at RMD as we go throughout the year, with Q1 being the low point. I talked about Collins, but just to reiterate, Q1 benefited from the provisioning. I do expect SG&A in E&D to kick in a little bit higher plus we have substantial military growth that's profiled in the latter part of the year, and so that obviously comes with slightly lower margins. And you'll see that kind of come across throughout the quarters as we go ahead. At Pratt, the story really is about the mix of OE versus aftermarket. And as the OE volume continues to grow, particularly in the large commercial engine business, you should see a 250 basis point or so degradation in the margins as that negative engine margin picks up in the next two quarters, in particular. Typically, we see a larger aftermarket mix in the fourth quarter. And then lastly, I expect to see 20, 30 basis point incremental margin improvements in RIS as we go through the year, again, on better volume, better mix, productivity. We saw good productivity in the first quarter there, and I expect that to continue through the rest of the year.
Noah Poponak: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Maugeri from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Maugeri: Hey, thank you. Good morning everyone.
Gregory Hayes: Good morning.
Michael Maugeri: Neil, following on a couple of the prior questions on the slower GTF deliveries at Pratt. With the supply chain issues, is it just Pratt or I think Greg might have mentioned something broader, is it affecting all of A320? And does that change your thinking at all on peak negative engine margin and separately breakeven cash flow on GTF?
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Mike. No, I don't see any change to our thinking around peak negative engine margin or our breakeven on the GTF. I would say that the supply chain issues that we've been talking about and we're seeing aside from the casting issue are more acute in the defense side of our businesses at this time. In particular, January and February of this quarter, this past quarter were particularly light. I think that was driven by our suppliers having a lot of absenteeism and an inability to put the overtime to recover, but we have seen that start to slowly recover in March and again in April. That has really affected Collins as well as RIS and RMD. We've seen that across the board there. At Pratt & Whitney, in the first quarter, in addition to the casting issue on the military side, we did see a delay in getting under contract for the next lots of F-135 engines. We do have a handshake and expect that to be done in the second quarter. So just timing within the year.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from RBC. Your line is open.
Kenneth Herbert: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Gregory Hayes: Thank you, Ken.
Kenneth Herbert: Hey, Greg and Neil, I wanted to ask about China. The traffic data and events in China so far in April have not been encouraging. Has -- can you help us think about the full-year assumptions for international travel and sort of what we've seen in China so far this year? Has that changed the outlook specifically on the full-year for the aftermarket? Or how would you talk about the recovery in international travel and the risk in the back half of the year relative to what we were seeing so far in China in particular?
Gregory Hayes: Yes. Ken, that's kind of an understatement about China. Obviously, I think China accounts for about 16% of global RPMs. A big chunk of that is their domestic market, which is down more than 80% because of the lockdowns that we've seen because of COVID. Obviously, there is an impact to the aftermarket, but we do expect that, that will recover. And we have seen that several times in the past where the Chinese lockdown their cities. They get passed away within 30 or 60 days and the traffic comes right back. So we don't expect any long-term impacts from this. I would tell you, the aftermarket recovery for wide-body international travels, we're still expecting that to recover to roughly 75% of pre-pandemic levels by the end of this year. China accounts for a piece of that, but a relatively small piece of the international long haul, really what you're going to need to see is traffic picking up to Japan and Australia and Transatlantic throughout the course of the year, which we fully expect. I mean the bookings look very, very solid, and I think while it looks aggressive in terms of that kind of 75% kind of recovery, all indications are that that's exactly what's going to happen.
Neil Mitchill: One thing we also will see as we go into the second quarter kind of to that point is, we have an engine center in Shanghai. And so at Pratt, in particular, you'll see relatively flat sequential aftermarket as that shop is currently shut down, but we expect to recover that this year. On the Collins side, sequentially, I think low single-digit type sequential growth. So still growth in aftermarket, but clearly the China market is a watch item. It's an important one for our narrow-body customers in particular.
Kenneth Herbert: Great, thank you.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth Seifman: Okay, thanks very much and good morning. Greg, you've mentioned in the past that -- expressed some skepticism about Airbus going up to 70 or 75 and indicating that you didn't think that Boeing would really allow them to get to that market share level. When you spoke a little bit earlier today, it sounded like you saw it as more of a supply constraint issue in terms of Airbus getting up to that 70 to 75 per month level. Has your thinking on that topic and on what the market share split could be, has that thinking changed recently?
Gregory Hayes: Seth, I would tell you, it is evolving. As we look at the backlog that Airbus has, if you want a slot to take an A320 delivery, you're talking about 2028 at current production rates. So there is pressure to move up to that 70 to 75. We're currently facilitized for rate 63, which is something we had agreed to with Airbus well before the pandemic. So I think again, there is pressure to take the rate up to 70 or 75, and I think Boeing will see its share, will continue to also increase production on the 737, but there is robust demand out there for narrow-body aircraft. And I think again the constraint will be supply chain at the end of the day can not just Pratt and Collins, but the entire supply chain support a rate of 75 a month in Talos and Hamburg, and then 40 or 50 a month for narrow-body at Boeing, the 737. So we'll see. All I would tell you is, we remain in lockstep in terms of what's going on over the next 18 to 24 months with both Boeing and Airbus on the narrow-body, and we're certainly able to meet those demands today, and we'll work with them. If the demand is there, we will find a way to meet it.
Seth Seifman: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen. Your line is open.
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes, thanks so much for taking the call. So Greg, you mentioned 6% aftermarket price hike. You normally do that in October for January, so it hits all at once. But back in October, inflation wasn't quite the threat that it was now. Are you seeing -- were you seeing pushback on that price hike? And secondly, was that across the board or which areas were maybe a little higher than others? Thanks.
Gregory Hayes: Yes, Cai, thanks for the question. So obviously, we saw inflation building and that price increase was a little bit stronger than what we would typically push for the catalog. I thought usually 4.5% or 5%. So we took the opportunity to raise prices. We do it obviously with keeping in mind in terms of where the demand signals are coming from the customer. And a big chunk of the aftermarket at both Pratt and Collins is on long-term agreements where you don't see that type of 6% increase. But on the time and material, overhaul and repair work that we do, that we will see the benefit. Obviously, inflation is much worse than what we expected it to be for the year. We were thinking 3% to 4%, not 8.5% like we saw last month, but our hope here is that inflation will moderate as we get to the end of the year. And come October, we'll take another look at the catalog, and if inflation is still there, we will have to address it through the catalog again.
Cai Von Rumohr: Thank you.
Gregory Hayes: Thanks, Cai. All right. I think -- go ahead, Ludie.
Operator: Yes, thank you. And we have reached the end of our Q&A session. I would like to hand the call back to Mr. Greg Hayes for the closing remarks. Thank you.
Gregory Hayes: All right. Thanks, Ludie. Thanks all for listening today. As always, Jennifer and the IR team are available all day, answer any and all questions you might have. Thank you. Stay healthy, and we'll see you all soon. Take care. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lisa, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer; and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being carried live on the Internet, and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies' website at www.rtx.com. Please note, except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations excluding acquisitions, accounting adjustments and net non-recurring and/or significant items often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in the call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTC's SEC filings, including its Form 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate.  You may ask further questions by reinserting yourself into the queue as time permits. With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Greg Hayes: All right. Thank you, Lisa, and good morning, everybody. Happy Tuesday. Okay. 2021 was an important year for Raytheon Technologies. As we laid out our strategy at the beginning of last year, and that strategy, of course, is to drive top line growth, margin expansion and robust free cash flows through 2025 and beyond, while at the same time, continuing to invest in our businesses and returning significant capital to shareowners. Our continued focus on operational excellence and program execution, along with our industry-leading technologies, positions us well to continue to capitalize on the commercial aerospace recovery and to grow our defense franchises. As you saw from our press release this morning, we delivered another solid quarter with strong full year financial results, with both top and bottom line growth and $5 billion of free cash flow. That's more than double of what we delivered in 2020 on a pro forma basis. Our performance in 2021 gives us confidence in the long-term fundamentals of our businesses and that we're able to -- and that we're on track to deliver to the 2025 targets that we outlined last May at our investor conference. Before I turn to the highlights, let me first provide some comments on the current market environment. During the quarter, commercial air traffic remained resilient despite the Omicron variant, with global available seat miles, ASMs, growing about 1% sequentially in Q4. That's reflecting a continued recovery in air traffic despite the typical seasonal trends. Here, in the U.S., passenger traffic through TSA checkpoints also remained steady at about 1.9 million passengers per day. That's up almost 125% versus the fourth quarter of 2020, a remarkable recovery. On the defense side, we're pleased to see the President signed the bipartisan Defense Authorization bill into law at $740 billion. That's about $25 billion higher than the original Presidential request. And given the global threat environment, we continue to see strong demand internationally for our products and services. Our focused aerospace and defense portfolio, along with our $156 billion backlog gives us confidence in our ability to grow the business in 2022 and beyond. Okay. Turning to slide two, some highlights from the fourth quarter. As I said, we delivered strong financial performance in 2021. Organic sales grew 1%, which is in line with our expectations, while adjusted EPS and free cash flow for the year, were both above our initial expectations. And importantly, we saw margin expansion in all four of our businesses, with strong commercial aftermarket. Our defense backlog remained robust at over $63 billion, where RIS and RMD both ended the year with book-to-bill slightly above 1.0. In addition to several large awards earlier in the year, we also had several notable awards during the fourth quarter, including over $1.3 billion in classified bookings, plus over $670 million for the Electro-Optical Infrared awards at RIS, as well as $730 million in Standard Missile-2 production awards at RMD. We also remain focused on operational excellence and program execution to drive structural cost reduction and productivity in our operations. In 2021, we achieved about $760 million in incremental cost synergies from the RTX merger, bringing us over $1 billion since the completion of the merger in April of 2020. That meets our original merger cost synergy target two years ahead of schedule. And there's always, of course, more to come and more to do there. It's also worth noting that the Rockwell or the Collins Aerospace team achieved over $600 million in total Rockwell Collins synergies since the acquisition in November of 2018. They're meeting their commitment a year ahead of schedule despite the significant downturn in our commercial aerospace business. We also continue to fine-tune our portfolio during the year. As you know, we completed the acquisition of SEAKR Engineering and FlightAware, which will expand and enhance our capabilities in key growth areas. And we completed the divestitures of Forcepoint. And in December, we completed the sale of RIS' Global Training and Services business. On the capital allocation front, we returned $5.3 billion to shareowners in 2021 for a total of $7.4 billion since we closed on the merger. Well on track to the $20 billion-plus that we've committed to in the first four years after the merger. As you saw in December, our Board of Directors also authorized a $6 billion share repurchase program, positioning us to continue returning significant capital to shareowners, including at least $2.5 billion of repurchases that we expect to complete in 2022. In addition to our strong financial performance during the year, we also achieved several notable strategic and operational milestones that I'd like to highlight. Let me start with Collins Aerospace. The business completed more than 750 Lean events in 2021. By utilizing our best practices from our core operating system, the team was able to reduce labor content on the F-18 heat exchanger by over 30%, reducing costs and importantly, creating capacity to support increased demand. At Pratt, the team introduced the GTF Advantage engine, which reduces fuel consumption and CO2 emissions by a total of 17% compared to the prior generation engines. It extends the GTS lead as the most efficient power plant for the A320neo family. The engine will also be compatible with 100% sustainable aviation fuels, supporting the aviation industry's goal to significantly reduce emissions in the coming decades. At both RIS and RMD, they achieved significant program milestones in the quarter ahead of schedule. Through strong program execution in RIS, the Joint Precision Approach and Landing System program completed delivery on the first LRIP units 60 days ahead of schedule. This achievement has given the Navy the confidence to certify JPALS on the CVN carrier and two amphibious ship classes. RMD team also successfully completed the initial integration of the SPY-6 radar and the USS Jack Lucas in the quarter. This is the first time power simultaneously applied to the entire radar system, completing a critical milestone for integration of the ship, its combat system and the SPY-6 radar. So with that, let me turn it over to Neil, and I'll come back at the end for a wrap up in Q&A. Neil?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Greg. I'm on Slide 3. I'm pleased with how we finished the year as well as our performance in the quarter where we continue to see solid growth in organic sales, adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow. Sales of $17 billion were in line with our expectations and were up 4% organically versus prior year on an adjusted basis. Our performance was primarily driven by the continued recovery of domestic short-haul international air travel, partially offset by continued supply chain pressures and lower 787 OE volume. It's worth noting that the global training and services divestiture at RIS closed in early December, resulting in a sales headwind of about $100 million versus our prior outlook. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.08 was ahead of our expectations, primarily driven by commercial aftermarket strength at both Collins and Pratt as well as favorability in our effective tax rate. On a GAAP basis, EPS from continuing operations was $0.46 per share and included $0.62 of acquisition accounting adjustments and net significant and/or non-recurring items. And finally, free cash flow of $2.2 billion was in line with our expectations and resulted in full year free cash flow of $5 billion, which was $500 million better than our expectations at the beginning of the year, primarily driven by higher net income and lower capex. With that, let me hand it over to Jennifer to take you through the segment results, and I'll come back and share our thoughts on 2022. Jennifer? 
Jennifer Reed: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins Aerospace on Slide 4. Sales were $4.9 billion in the quarter, up 13% on both an adjusted and organic basis, driven primarily by the continued recovery in commercial aerospace end markets. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 47%, driven by a 59% increase in parts and repair, a 52% increase in provisioning and a 17% increase in modification and upgrades. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 10%, driven by strength in parts and repair. Commercial OE sales were up 4% with strength in narrow-body, offsetting headwinds from lower 787 deliveries. And military sales were down 3% on another tough compare. Recall, Collins military sales were up 7% organically in the same period last year. The decline in the quarter was driven primarily by lower F-35 volume. Adjusted operating profit of $469 million was up $380 million from the prior year. Drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket sales, more than offset higher E&D and SG&A expense. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 5. Sales of $5.1 billion were up 14% on an adjusted basis and up 15% on an organic basis, driven primarily by the continued recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. Commercial OE sales were up 32% by higher GTF deliveries within Pratt's large commercial engine business as well as general aviation and biz jet platforms at Pratt Canada. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 28% in the quarter with legacy large commercial engine shop visits up 30% and Pratt Canada shop visits up 37%. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 17%. In the military business, sales were down 6% as expected on another difficult compare. Recall, Pratt's military sales were up 18% in the same period last year. The decrease in the quarter was driven by lower spare sales on legacy programs. Adjusted operating profit of $162 million was up $57 million from the prior year. Drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket sales volume more than offset lower military volume, higher SG&A, E&D and the impact of higher commercial OE volume. Turning now to Slide 6. RIS sales of $3.9 billion were down 2% versus prior year on an adjusted basis and down 1% on an organic basis, reflecting four fewer workdays in the fourth quarter of 2021 versus the prior year. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter of $400 million was up $30 million versus prior year, primarily driven by higher net program efficiencies. RIS had $3.4 billion of bookings in the quarter resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.97 and a backlog of $18 billion. In addition to the significant bookings that Greg discussed, RIS also booked $227 million for the next generation Jammer mid-band program in the quarter. RIS book-to-bill for the year was 1.01. Turning now to Slide 7. RMD sales was $3.9 billion, down 10% on an adjusted basis and down 8% on an organic basis, primarily driven by four fewer workdays in the quarter, as well as lower material receipts and expected declines in several international production contracts. Adjusted operating profit of $486 million was $93 million lower than the prior year, driven by lower net program efficiencies and lower sales volume. RMD's bookings in the quarter were approximately $3.2 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.83 and backlog of $29 billion. In addition to the SM2 bookings Greg mentioned, RMD also booked $269 million for Evolved Seasparrow Missile Block 2. RMD's book-to-bill for the year was 1.02. Before moving on, I would also like to comment on the previously disclosed DOJ investigation into cost accounting matters, at legacy Raytheon's Company's former Integrated Defense Systems business or IDS, which is now part of RMD. As you will see in our upcoming 10-K filing, we have made progress in our internal investigation into the matter. And we now have determined that there is a probable risk of liabilities for damages, interest and penalties. In addition to the amount recorded in the first quarter of 2021 in connection with the finalization of purchase accounting, we recorded an incremental accrual in the amount of $147 million, during the fourth quarter relating to the matter, bringing our total reserve to approximately $290 million. We still do not currently believe the resolution of this matter will result in a material adverse impact to our financial condition, and we will continue to cooperate with the government's investigation. With that, I'll turn it back to Neil to provide some color on the rest of the year. 
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, Jennifer. I'm on Slide 8. Before I get into the specifics of our '22 financial outlook, let me give you some perspective on how we are thinking about the environment as we look ahead. Let me start with the positives. Despite the impact of COVID variance, we expect the commercial aerospace recovery will continue into 2022 with continued growth in commercial aftermarket and narrow-body OE deliveries driven by further strength in domestic traffic and growth in international traffic. By the end of the year, we are assuming global RPMs recover to about 90% of 2019 levels with domestic travel recovering to be approximately in line with the 2019 levels and international travel recovering to between 75% and 80% of 2019 levels. The reopening of international borders, specifically in the Asia Pacific region and the related wide-body traffic will be a significant factor in the timing and extent of the related aftermarket recovery. Ultimately, the timing and trajectory of the overall recovery this year isn't likely to be linear and it will depend on our customers' fleet decisions and buying behavior. Looking longer term, we continue to expect commercial traffic to return to 2019 levels by the end of next year. On the defense side, we expect continued organic growth in 2022 as we deliver on our $63 billion backlog, continued bipartisan support for the fiscal 2022 defense budget, and international demand for our products and technologies. And across RTX, we remain laser-focused on driving operational excellence to deliver cost reduction and further margin expansion, including $335 million of incremental RTX merger cost synergies during 2022. And this keeps us on track to achieve $1.5 billion in gross cost synergies by Q1 of 2024. On the challenges side, we anticipate that global supply chain and inflation pressures will continue and that 787 build rates will remain low. With respect to the supply chain, we anticipate that COVID-related labor disruptions will persist through the first half of the year, but will ease through the second half of the year. And as we've discussed, a significant portion of our material spend is under long-term agreements. That said, we are assuming a level of inflationary pressure across our businesses and our outlook that will be partially offset by productivity improvements. And of course, we're continuing to monitor the US and global tax environment and the current and potentially protracted continuing resolution. So, with that backdrop, let me tell you how this translates to our financial outlook for the year. Let's turn to slide nine. At the RTX level, we expect full year 2022 sales of between $68.5 billion and $69.5 billion. This represents organic growth of between 7% and 9% year-over-year. Keep in mind, the sale of RIS' global training and services businesses puts about $1 billion of sales headwind year-over-year as well as the associated profit. From an earnings perspective, we expect adjusted EPS of $4.60 to $4.80, up 8% to 12% year-over-year. And we expect to generate free cash flow of about $6 billion. That's up about 20% versus 2021. It's important to note that this free cash flow outlook assumes that the legislation requiring R&D capitalization for tax purposes is deferred beyond 2022, which as we've said before, the free cash flow impact of this legislation is approximately $2 billion. It's also worth noting that if the legislation is not deferred, you would see about a $0.10 EPS benefit as well from the impacts of the R&D capitalization that would have components of our US taxable income. And as Greg mentioned, we expect to buy back at least $2.5 billion of RTX shares over the year, subject to market conditions. With that, let's move to slide 10 for the segment outlooks. At Collins, we expect full year sales to be up low double-digits and adjusted operating profit to grow between $650 million and $800 million versus last year. This is primarily driven by higher narrow-body OE deliveries and growth across all three commercial aftermarket channels, supporting both narrow and wide-body aircraft. And military sales at Collins are expected to be up low single-digit for the year. Turning to Pratt & Whitney, we see full year sales growing low double-digits versus prior year, principally driven by higher OE deliveries in both Pratt's large commercial engine and Pratt Canada businesses, as well as continued growth in legacy large commercial engine and Pratt Canada shop visits. Military sales at Pratt are expected to be down mid-single-digit, driven by lower F135 production inputs partially offset by higher F135 sustainment volume. With respect to operating profit, we see Pratt's adjusted operating profit growing between $500 million and $600 million versus last year, primarily on higher aftermarket volume and partially offset by higher large commercial OE engine deliveries and lower military volumes. Turning to RIS. We expect full year sales to be down slightly versus prior year on a reported basis and to grow low single digit on an organic basis with strength coming from classified programs and production ramps in airborne ISR and EWS. And we expect year-over-year adjusted operating profit at RIS to be flat to up $50 million, driven by higher net program efficiencies and volume. At RMD, we see sales growing low single to mid-single digit, driven by growth across multiple programs and for adjusted operating profit to be up in the range of $150 million to $200 million versus prior year, driven by improved program performance and the volume. It's worth mentioning that we expect both RIS and RMD to again have a book-to-bill greater than 1.0 for the year. And finally, we expect intercompany sales wins to grow in line with total company sales. I will note that we've included in our outlook some of the below-the-line items and pension in the webcast appendices. So turning now to slide 11 for our 2022 adjusted EPS walk. Starting with the segments, we expect the segments to generate about $0.83 of EPS growth at the midpoint of our outlook range. From there, pension will be a headwind, primarily due to lower CAS recovery and higher discount rates. Our tax rate in 2022 is expected to be between 18.5% and 19% versus the 15.5% in 2021, primarily due to one-time tax benefits associated with the prior year optimization of our legal entity and operating structure that we realized in the third quarter that will not repeat. This will result in a $0.19 headwind. We expect corporate expenses to be a $0.06 headwind year-over-year due to higher investment related RTX synergy projects and digital transformation initiatives that are partially offset by lower LTAM spend. And finally, lower share count, interest and other items are expected to be a $0.07 tailwind. All of this brings us to our outlook range of $4.60 to $4.80 per share. Now turning to free cash flow on slide 12. We expect strong operational growth, along with lower restructuring to contribute about $1.5 billion of free cash flow growth in 2022. These will be partially offset by expected pension headwinds and higher cash taxes to get to our free cash flow outlook of about $6 billion. Again, this outlook assumes the legislation requiring RMD capitalization for tax purposes is deferred. And lastly, before turning it back to Greg, a couple of comments on the first quarter. With respect to sales, we expect sales to be up mid-single digit organically versus prior year, driven by the continued commercial aerospace recovery and partially offset by lower defense sales driven by continuing supply chain pressures and the impact of Omicron. And again, just to remind you, the prior year included Q1 sales of about $200 million as well as the associated profit for the divested RIS services business. On the adjusted EPS side, we see low double-digit to mid-teens growth in the quarter versus prior year. And for cash, we expect to see an outflow of about $500 million in the quarter due to typical seasonal factors in the timing of collections. So with that, let me hand it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Neil. We're on slide 13. So a lot of moving pieces as always. But I would tell you, we actually exited 2021 with really good momentum across the businesses. And we expect to make further progress on our priorities here as we enter into 2022. First and foremost, let me repeat that we're focused on keeping our employees safe, keeping our commercial customers flying and protecting the war fighter while they defend our country and allies and of course, supporting our suppliers. We're also going to continue to invest in differentiated technology and innovation to maintain our industry-leading positions, which will drive growth over the long term, and of course, to capitalize on our growing end markets. At the same time, our leadership team is making significant progress to reduce structural costs, drive operational efficiency through our core operating system and to deliver on our synergy commitments. Finally, we remain disciplined with capital allocation. We have a very strong balance sheet, along with our cash-generating capabilities supports investments in our businesses and our commitment to returning capital to shareowners, including at least $20 billion in the first four years following the merger, as I said earlier. I'm confident in our ability to deliver both top and bottom line growth and margin expansion across our businesses this year, as we continue to leverage the growth opportunities that are in front of us. So with that, let's turn it over to Lisa, and we'll take whatever questions you might have. Thank you.
Operator:  In the interest of time and to allow for broader participation, youre asked to limit yourself to one question. The first question will come from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning, Greg, Neil, Jennifer. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: So free cash flow is guided to $6 billion this year, up from $5 billion last year and 20% growth. And you have a pretty consistent cadence of free cash flow growth for your 2025 target of $10 billion despite pension headwind of 1.3. Maybe if you could get into the different buckets and different impacts as we get into that 2025 $10 billion free cash flow number.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Sheila. Good morning. It's Neil here. As we think about the walk from where we are today to 2025, as we've said before, the majority of that is going to come from the operating profit growth that we'll see in the segments as we continue to go through the recovery here, probably a little bit north of $7 billion. If you were to strike 2021 as a starting point, you'll see there's $1.6 billion of pension headwind. And we'll probably have somewhere in the range of $600 million to $700 million of CapEx headwind. And that will be partially offset by a couple of hundred million of corporate and other items. So still see a clear path to the $10 billion of free cash flow, as we get into 2025, and we get through the recovery here. Feeling very good about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Rob.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: This might be a question for Greg. I was wondering if you could maybe give us some more color on the supply chain situation. Have things got any worse since what you experienced in Q4? And then in relation to that, how are you getting all the supply chain in place for the A320 ramp that's planned for this year? Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Rob, that's a really good question. And I think RTX, just like many other large companies, has seen its share of supply disruptions, I would say. And it's really -- I would bucket it in two different ways. One is, in our supply chain, we see some labor shortages with skilled positions. And I can think of probably the most important one right now is in the casting -- castings, where we see a shortage of welders. And so, we're working with our suppliers to make sure that we can get demand or get supplied back up to demand. It's not going to happen here in the first quarter. We see that we're going to have a slow Q1, as Neil said, primarily at Pratt, that will also impact a little bit at Collins. We're also seeing, I think, as we talked about, a slowdown of receipts on the defense side of the business. We saw that in December. That's gotten a little bit worse than what we had seen at the end of the third quarter.  And I would say, again, there's two pieces to that. Obviously, the Omicron variant had a significant impact on our -- not just our workforce, but our suppliers' workforce. But also, again, the labor shortage that we're seeing as well as the need to continue to drive wages up to attract talent. Just to put it in perspective, we've got about 13,000 product suppliers. We are monitoring the supply chain on a daily basis. There are less than 100, I would say out there that are giving us real concern, but it only takes one to make us miss a shipment. So we're actively trying to manage this. I think we're doing a good job, but we certainly will see some impact here in the first quarter from supply chain. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. 
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Greg, Neil, maybe could you touch on the moving pieces of the implied incremental margins at Collins and Pratt looks like Collins kind of in the mid-30s, Pratt in the mid-20s. I guess, on Collins, what you're assuming for E&D and kind of what's hitting the range that we might have expected? And then on Pratt, the negative engine margin that you're expecting in 2022 relative to 2021? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, David. Let me start with Collins. So you're right on the incrementals. We're expecting incrementals in that mid-30s percent range as we go through the year. Recall, we called out a few onetime items last year that probably helped margins by about 50 basis points. So good strong incrementals there. Just hitting on a few of the components of our Collins outlook. We do expect that our commercial OE will be up sort of high teens on the sales line. Commercial aftermarket, up around 20% or so, probably a little north of that. And military, up low single digits. As you think about Pratt, same thing. The incremental is there in the mid-20s, as you expect -- you said. Commercial OE, expected to be up between 20% and 25%. On the aftermarket side, also between 20% and 25%. And as we said, military, down mid-single digits. So again, great growth at Pratt. We do expect to ship probably about 200 more engines. And as I think about the AEM headwind, it's in the range of $100 million to $150 million. So, we're seeing good absorption as we ramp that volume back up over the course of 2022. And as Greg said, the supply chain issues at Pratt with respect to castings could result in a little bit of lower deliveries here in the first quarter, but we do expect that full year, we will be up a couple of hundred engines.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. 
Noah Poponak: Good morning everyone.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning Noah.
Noah Poponak: Could you spend another minute on sort of how you built the aerospace aftermarket forecast for the year and how you expect it to progress through the year? Obviously, when Omicron lets up, there's a huge question mark and there's a wide range of possible outcomes of where travel could be exiting the year versus starting the year. And Neil last year, you kind of framed what you were expecting for the broader ecosystem and then how you layered your own forecast on top of that and the degree of conservatism or lack thereof. So, it'd be helpful to hear that from you again today. 
Neil Mitchill: Yes, Noah. Let me give that a shot here. So let me start with the macro outlook here. So we talked about our RPM and ASM assumptions as you get to the end of the year, but a little bit of color on the way we see that coming through the year. So if you think about -- I'll start with ASM sequentially, sort of low single-digit sequential growth in the first quarter, hitting the mid-30s Q1 to Q2. Mid-teens, Q2 to Q3. And then actually down seasonally in the fourth quarter, mid-single digit, call it. So the crux of our outlook as we think about the year really depends on the wide-body recovery. Last year, I would say about 75% of our aftermarket improvement and the improvement that we saw in ASMs came from domestic narrow-body. And this year, we're expecting about 80% of the growth to be driven by international long-haul and about 60% of that driven by long-haul routes. So it's going to be a really important factor as we look at the year. If you think about how that translates to the aftermarket sales assumptions, the compares are getting a little bit more difficult sequentially given where we ended the fourth quarter. I would expect Collins to be in the low to mid-single digits sequentially on the aftermarket growth throughout the course of the year. Pratt, we'll see down in the mid-single -- mid- to high single range here in the first quarter as we come off a traditionally high fourth quarter, and that goes to mid -- up -- I'll call it, high single-digits second quarter and mid-single digits through the rest of the year. So hopefully, that helps give you a little color on what we're seeing. Greg, anything you want to add? 
Greg Hayes: Yes. Noah, I think that the most important part just to reinforce what Neil said is really the -- our forecast for the aftermarket really is dependent upon a wide-body recovery. And as you know, that is primarily a Pacific reopening. So you have to see China reopening. We have to see all of the countries in the Pacific Rim start to reopen, which will allow traffic to recover. Your guess is as good as mine with the China zero COVID policy that they have, whether or not we'll see that here in the second quarter or the third quarter or the fourth quarter. Right now, we're assuming in the second quarter, we start to see it. And we'll hopefully see that kind of progression throughout the year, which will get us back on track to give wide-body back to 2019 levels, hopefully by the end of 2023.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. 
Peter Arment: Yes. Good morning, Greg, Neil, Jennifer. Hey, Greg, Maybe just switching over to defense. Could you maybe just give us a little bit of some of the things you're expecting for maybe on the international side, historically, Raytheons had a lot of international awards, what your expectations might be for a book-to-bill and if you're seeing any kind of increased input from international countries just given the rising tension? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Peter, it's a good question. And I think the answer is, obviously, we are seeing, I would say, opportunities for international sales. We just have to look to last week where we saw the drone attack in the UAE, which attacked some of their facilities. And of course, the tensions in Eastern Europe, the tensions in the South China Sea, all of those things are putting pressure on some of the defense spending over there. So I fully expect we're going to see some benefit from it. I would say, though, that should there be hostilities, whether it's in the Middle East or whether it's in the Asia Pacific region, you're not going to see an immediate benefit here because what you'll see is a reallocation of inventory that we already have out there with the services. But I fully expect we should see a recovery in the international defense maybe in the book-to-bill, well north of one as we move into 2022 and beyond. One of the biggest drivers, of course, will be LTAMs. And I think, again, that's probably a 2023 benefit. We'll start to see bookings then for LTAMs, which, of course, is the upgrade of the Patriot Missile Defense system. But that will be, again, a couple of years out. 
Neil Mitchill: Greg, maybe if I could just pile on a little bit, too. We do see some international Gem T awards at RMD. And as we look at the $29 billion backlog of RMD and the sales outlook that we put out there, which is low single-digit to mid-single-digit, think 3% to 4% or so year-over-year at RMD. We're confident that we have the backlog to continue to grow as we get through 2022.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: Hey, good morning. So, I guess, a question for both of you. A key part of the story is operational improvement as we walk out over the next couple of years, right? That's going to be a big cash flow driver. And a big part of that is GTF. So, a question we've been fielding from investors and maybe you can give us some perspective on this, how can we feel better about the long-term contracts you've put in place to do maintenance on the GTF family of engines, where it seems like time on weighing and the hot section maybe hasn't has performed like we were hoping it would at first. Meaning, how can we feel good that those contracts are priced right be it that they're kind of long-term in nature?
Greg Hayes: Let me take a shot at it, Ron, then I'll turn it over to the former CFO at Pratt to answer the actual contract question. Maybe just to put it in perspective, to-date, on the GTF program, we have had more than 12 million flight hours on that. In the last 12 months, dispatch reliability has been 99.96%. So, I know that we had a lot of teething problems back in 2016 and 2017, and we talked ad nauseam about all of those teething problems. And obviously, it impacted some of our time on wing, impacted some of those maintenance support contracts. But given where we are from a reliability standpoint today, those programs will start to generate positive cash flow coming up as the first full shop visits happen in the next year and beyond. And I actually feel pretty good about where we are on those contracts given the robustness of the current engine. Of course, in 2023, we're going to be delivering the advantage engine, which gives again better fuel burn and we think even more durability, which, again, will only benefit those aftermarket contracts.
Neil Mitchill: Yes. Thanks, Greg, I'll just add that the average age of those airplanes is still under three. There's plenty of time. These are long-term contracts. We've made significant improvements. You mentioned the durability improvements, and we are factoring that in, obviously, as we look at those contracts. And I would tell you that as we perform warranty-type work under these contracts today, we've been reasonably conservative in our outlook and our bookings on that. So, we are confident that we're able to see the improvement fall through the bottom line as those major overhauls begin. And we're also confident that we're able to demonstrate significant efficiencies and fuel savings that come from that engine, and we're seeing that in the campaign activity that we're engaged in currently with the engine. So, feel well-positioned with the product and the GTF advantage, I think, only gets us in a better place as we go forward.
Ron Epstein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with UBS.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Morning. Hey Greg, I was wondering if you could comment on the F-35 engine program progress through the course of 2021. And if you get to a better point towards the end in terms of resolving some of the issues that have been raised over the last 18 months, and importantly, as sort of the NDAA starts building momentum potentially towards opening the door to ATP and GE being second source in the later part of the decade?
Greg Hayes: Okay, Myles, it's a good question. And I would just say a couple of things that -- a couple of points I would make. First of all, we did make good progress on OEM deliveries last year. We were on contract as we exited the year for F1-35 deliveries. And we also made good progress, I would tell you, in the shops in terms of supporting the overhauls. I think we had about 80 overhauls of the power modules last year, which is double what we saw in 2020. That number is going to probably double again this year. So again, we feel pretty good about the engine where it is today. Obviously, I think everybody that follows the program understands that you're going to need more power on that engine. You're going to need better fuel efficiency in that engine. And there are two different -- there are two choices, I think, in front of the services today. One is to do an upgrade of the current engine. We call that the EEP program, which is an enhanced version of the F1-35 or you could see a whole new engine, which would be the adaptive engine that both GE and Pratt are currently testing. Of course, those engines are years away. We're talking late in this decade before you would ever see those on the aircraft. Frankly, what we think is, from a risk standpoint, a single-engine fighter, an upgrade of the current engine was probably the most cost effective, lowest risk solution. And again, I think that's something that we're working with the customer on. We think that is a much lower cost than the adaptive engines that we're developing. And the adaptive engines are really targeted for sixth-gen fighter, which again will probably not be fielded until the end of this decade. So again, we've got options. We're working with the customer. The first and most important thing, of course, is to keep the engines that we've got out there flying. And so we're supporting the folks out in the shops around the world making sure that that happens and also continuing to drive OEM productions as we mature in the program.
Myles Walton: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Maugeri with Wolfe Research.
Mike Maugeri: Hey, good morning. Thank you. Neil, on your cash flow guide, can you break your bridge between 2021 and 2022 down a bit further? Specifically, Im curious to understand the $1.4 billion figure for operational growth in CapEx. If you can add some more color around working capital as well? Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, sure. So a couple of comments there. The first thing is if you look at our segment profit guide at the midpoint, that's about $1.4 billion. So think about that being the major driver of that piece of our cash flow walk. And you'll see from our guidance about $400 million or so of capital expenditure headwind year-over-year. So the net of that. That would imply a few hundred million dollars of working capital improvement. I think that remains to be determined as we see the year play out. So that will either turn into higher segment profit. As we get later into the year, if we are able to achieve the higher end of our range, and in particular, given the supply chain issues, we could see a little bit of working capital pressure as we bring inventory in a little bit sooner. And again, the timing of that profit recognition and the timing of collections will all play out in the fourth quarter. But I would characterize those as the three key elements of that piece of our cash walk.
Mike Maugeri: Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Neil Mitchill: Hey, Kristine.
Greg Hayes: Hey, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Greg, Neil, Jennifer, if we continue to see raw material and labor inflation at elevated levels for longer, how should we think about potential impact on margins? How much will you be able to pass-through with your contracts? And how much would the businesses have to absorb?
Greg Hayes: So let me start here. First of all, we have seen inflation, obviously, I think, like everybody else. It has been higher than what we expected, I would say, towards the end of last year. As we think about 2022, we've probably got about $150 million of, I would say, price pressure from unexpected inflation in the supply chain. Now typically, we entered the year, and we'll see about $200 million or so of pricing pressure that we go out and we work to alleviate. I mean, the whole goal here is to keep input costs flat year-over-year. So we go out, we work cost reduction. This year, we got a little more work to do. That $150 million of inflation impact is baked into the guidance that Neil took you all through before. And it's something we're keeping an eye on. The labor inflation, obviously, is also a little trouble. We're seeing it in our own shops. The good news is most of that, we can price it on the government side and pass that along to our customers. But again, there will be pressure. And what we have to do, of course, is figure out ways to continue to reduce costs. That's why we've got the core operating system to let us go out and find efficiencies in the factories so that we can get productivity to offset the continued pressure on wages. But again, our hope here is that we're going to see inflation start to slow down here by the back half of this year. And we'll have to keep an eye on it. And again, I think it's everybody's concern across the country right now when you see 7% inflation, that's a big headline. And we've got to keep after it.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you for the color, guys.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Kristine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius Research.
Robert Spingarn: Greg, last week, Secretary of the Air Force, Frank Kendall, was talking about hypersonic strategy and suggesting that maybe because our targets are different than China is we need to rethink the strategy, boost glide versus air breathing. And I wanted to ask you your thoughts on this and how this might change the dynamic between Lockheed on the Boost Glide side and Raytheon on the cruise missile side?
Greg Hayes: Yes, that's -- that is a great question, and one I think that we're all wrestling with right now. And I would tell you there is  I would say, several different markets here. Obviously, the Boost Glide is an interesting market as we saw the Chinese demonstrate that capability. We've also -- of course, we've demonstrated our capability to launch a air breathing, which is the hypersonic missile that we did the test on late last year. I think both of those technologies are going to be funded going forward. I think most importantly, however, is what are going to be the defensive systems against hypersonics. And again, I think those are the things that will provide us the biggest opportunity, whether that's going to be directed energy, some anti-hypersonic glide vehicles things that we're working on. There's a lot of money being devoted to this. Unfortunately, most of it, as you can imagine, is classified. We really can't go into what those individual technologies are. But I would tell you that, any defense would be a layered defense where you'd be using ground-based effectors, you'd be using ship-based effectors as well as potentially directed energy. And we're going to continue to work on that with the Air Force this year. And we'll hopefully have some interesting opportunities as the year unfolds.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And just a quick one for Neil, if I'm still here. Neil, I was wondering if you could clarify, maybe I didn't catch it. If there's a full year CR, what would the sensitivity be in the guidance?
Neil Mitchill: That's a good question. I didn't put that out there. But couple of pieces here. First, that will expire or set to expire February 18 of this quarter. It will see a lot of impact through the first quarter, if that were to extend through March 31, maybe $50 million to $100 million, $150 million of sales. If it were to persist through the full year, I would see probably between $500 million and $600 million of sales headwind. So I think that underscores the importance of us getting the continuing resolution behind the country. But, yes, that's how I would size it up looking at it today. And I would say that would be relatively evenly spread across our businesses, frankly. Each one of them will have some headwind as it relates to a continuing resolution that persists through the year.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thanks so much.
Neil Mitchill: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks so much. So there's a fair amount of debate on the profile of recovery in deliveries and production of the 737 and the 787. Could you tell us approximately where your rates are today and the type of profile you're looking for in 2022 and what you've baked into your 2022 guide?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Cai. Good morning. Let me give you a couple of thoughts there. I don't want to get ahead of Airbus and Boeing, obviously, but let me start with the 737. Obviously, we ended the year sort of in the high teens per month range. We are aligned with Boeing in terms of that growing to that rate 31 in the second half of the year. So I'll leave it at that for now, but we do see obviously growth there in the back half of the year and it kind of gradually grows through the first half. On the 787, as we talked about it last call, we had -- we were shipping very, very little, if any, on the 787. We ended the year in the, call it, low single-digit per month shipset rate. We are anticipating that same type of rate through 2022. Because of inventory that is in the channel, I think a good estimate would be about two per month as you think about the full year for 2022.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Hey. Thanks very much and good morning.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Seth.
Neil Mitchill: Hi, Seth.
Seth Seifman: I guess, Neil, when you spoke, I think, back in November and kind of talked about the outlook for the segments for the year, did that change very much? I'm thinking specifically about the progression of the aftermarket recovery? Did that change very much as a result of the emergence of Omicron? And, I guess, is there any kind of information or new information kind of underlying a level of confidence that you have about the international travel recovery this year?
Neil Mitchill: Yes. Let me start with the first point. So a couple of things have definitely changed since that early November time frame. And I'd say, the first was the variant Omicron clearly came on quick. We hope that it will go away quickly as well. But I think we've factored some of that thinking into the first quarter. As I look at today's outlook relative to where we were thinking a few months ago, we see a little bit slower recovery in the first quarter than we were thinking, but we do see that getting back to where sort of the line we were projecting from Q2 and beyond. So we'll see how that plays out. Again, I said last year, a lot of this depends on airlines getting ready for the summer travel season. So, we are expecting to see an uptick in their behavior for provisioning and parts here in March and April, which sort of gets to your second question there in terms of the support underlying -- the reopening of international borders. We have seen reopenings of some international borders in the fourth quarter, and that's encouraging, in particular, Europe. And as Greg mentioned earlier, the key, I think to us realizing what we've laid out here today is Asia Pacific opening up and the long-haul routes coming back in earnest as we get towards the end of the year here. So we'll have to wait and see. But certainly, sometime in the March and April timeframe is when we would expect to see an uptick that would drive the ranges that we're predicting here for Collins in particular.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks Neil.
Neil Mitchill: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Akers with Wells Fargo. 
Matt Akers: Hey good morning, guys. I was wondering if you could just comment on the new Ashville facility. And I guess, specifically, how far are we sort of through the investment there? And how do you think of sort of the ramp-up of production at that facility? 
Neil Mitchill: Make great progress there in Asheville. The building is up. And when I was looking at it the other day, actually I have visibility to that via webcam. And it's in great shape, so we're on track. Some of the CapEx favorability that we saw here in 2021 is the deferral of some of that spend into 2022. But I'd say, we're on-track there to stand up that facility and get the production going as we had planned to do. So it's really a good shape.
Matt Akers: Great. Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. 
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
Doug Harned: I'd like to go back to the geared turbofan and the aftermarket outlook. You've been delivering your turbofans now for about six years. And if we go back to the earlier days of the design, one of the big advantages was going to be because of the year, you have fewer stages and in principle, lower maintenance costs. So that -- the thinking was, as I understood it back then, that could lead to higher margins in the aftermarket as you go forward. First, do you still see it that way? And if so, when should we see margins in the aftermarket for the GTF gets to the levels we've seen on the V2500? 
Greg Hayes: Doug, that's an interesting question. Obviously, when we originally -- the original design of GTF, there were a couple of different priorities. One, obviously, was fuel burn. That was a 15% benefit over the V2500. We clearly achieved that. What we did not achieve, I would say, in the first few years of delivery was a robust engine. We had teething problems, as we've talked about, primarily around the combustor and primarily in some of the more difficult environment environments like India. And so of course, that impacted the aftermarket as we brought those engines back sometimes within a year or two of shipping them to update the combustor. Right now, I would tell you the combustors there are lasting at least 10,000 hours now, which is good news. And we're starting to see that already in these -- in the aftermarket contracts. As you said though -- as Neil said before, the average age is only about three years on these GTFs. So, we're not seeing the overhaul activity in a significant number yet, but we will in the coming two or three years. And I think you'll start to see margins improve in the aftermarket once we start going through and doing the heavier overhauls. Will they ever get to the same level of profitability as the V2500? Absolutely. It's just going to -- keep in mind, the V2500 has been out there for 30 years. It's not a brand-new engine. It's a very, very durable engine. And it's just it will take us time to get the number of engines out there to drive the kind of efficiencies in the aftermarket. But we fully expect. It's a great design. It gives the fuel burn, and it does, to your earlier point, have fewer moving parts, right about 1,500 fewer blades than the competing engines and that should and will reduce costs over the long-term.
Doug Harned: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Hayes for closing remarks.
Greg Hayes: Thank you, Lisa and thanks everybody for listening in today. Again, a lot of moving pieces, but we have high confidence in the outlook that Neil and Jennifer took you guys through. Look forward to hearing from many of you in the coming days and weeks. Jennifer and the team will be, of course, available all day today and tomorrow to take whatever follow-up questions you might have. Have a wonderful day and stay healthy. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. My name is Mistie, and I will be your Operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer, and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations.  This call is being carried live on the Internet. And there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies website at www.rtx.com Please note except where otherwise noted, the Company will speak to results from continuing operations, excluding acquisition accounting adjustments, and net non-recurring and/or significant items, often referred to by management as other significant items.  The Company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our TCS SEC filings including its Form 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statement.  Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate.  You may ask further questions by reinserting yourself into the queue as time permits. With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Greg Hayes: Thank you, Misty, and good morning, everyone. As you saw from our press release this morning, we delivered another solid quarter. A few comments before I turn to the highlights. We continue to feel good about the long-term fundamentals of our business and our ability to drive growth and margin expansion over the next several years. During the quarter, we made great progress on cost reduction, driving operational excellence through our businesses, and achieved some notable milestones which we'll touch on in just a moment. From a market perspective, commercial air traffic continued to recover despite some regional impacts from the COVID variance.  The global ASMs are available, SEC miles estimated to have grown about 30% sequentially in Q3. And here in the U.S. passenger traffic through TSA checkpoints averaged about 1.9 million travelers per day in Q3. That's up from about 1.6 million per day in Q2. International borders, as we know, are starting to reopen and that's another positive. And on the Defense side, Fiscal year '22 budget request was in line with our expectations. And as we've said, defense spending is nonpartisan, and we're encouraged to see Congress supporting plus ups to the president's budget that are also aligned with our -- to our business in our investments in new technologies. Overall, we continue to be cautiously optimistic on both the Commercial and Defense trends that we're seeing.  Okay. Let's move to slide 2, some highlights from the quarter. Adjusted EPS exceeded our expectations, free cash flow was in line with what we expected. And we delivered another quarter of top and bottom line growth on both a year-over-year and a sequential basis. As we had capitalized on the commercial after-market recovery and our defense portfolio continues to grow. Based on our strong performance year-to-date, we are again increasing and tightening our adjusted EPS outlook for the year to $4.10 to $4.20 a share.  That's up from our prior outlook of $3.85 to $4. Neil Mitchill will get you into the details on sales and free cash flow where we were also tightening our outlook in both areas. On the capital allocation front, we repurchased about $1 billion of RTX shares during the quarter, bringing our total for the year to $2 billion, which was our commitment that we talked about back in Q2. Before I turn it over to Neil, couple more details on our results. Let me cover some strategic and operational highlights for the quarter where we continue to execute on our key programs. Starting with strategic highlights, we announce the acquisition of FlightAware, which will become a significant accelerator for Collins connected ecosystem strategy, and enhances our capabilities in growth areas like aviation network services, digital solutions, and aerospace modernization.  And we're organizing our business around optimizing these capabilities within Collins Aerospace. We also announced the acquisition of Seeker engineering, a leading provider of advanced Space Electronics Solutions. Seeker strengthens are offerings to solve our customers most complex problems by expanding our space-based capabilities with the integration of Blue Canyon, this also enhances our IRS competitiveness, and reliability of satellite bus hardware, and customized space electronics.  At the same time, we continue to divest non-core businesses. During the quarter, we announced an agreement to divest of our global training and services business, which is part of RIS. On the operational side, the missiles and defense team and their industry partners successfully completed the first test of a scram jet powered hypersonic air-breathing weapon concept or HAWC DARPA and the U.S. Air Force, The HAWC successfully sustained hypersonic speeds, offering faster time on target and greater maneuverability.  The successful test puts us on track to deliver a prototype system to the U.S. Department of Defense. And lastly at Pratt, the Columbus forge disk business continues to integrate critical operations to drive further quality performance and cost reduction. Utilizing our core operating system tools, the team in Columbus reduced the lead time of forgings by up to 35 days and reduced both cost and inventory. As you can see, driving operational excellence through our organization is a key to our success over the long term. With that, let me turn it over to Neil have you take you through the quarter in detail. Neil.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Greg. I'm on Slide 3. I'm pleased with our performance in the quarter where we saw strong year-over-year sales growth, adjusted earnings growth, and free cash flow. Sales of 16.2 billion were up 10% organically versus prior year on an adjusted basis. Our performance was driven by the continued recovery of domestic and short-haul international air travel and continued growth in defense. That was partially offset by some supply chain pressures and lower 787 OE volume. And while we expect these headwinds to continue in the near-term, we only see this as a timing issue.  Nonetheless, we remain focused on our cost actions and program execution to drive continued earnings and cash flow growth. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.26 was ahead of our expectations, primarily driven by Collins, Pratt and some corporate items. On a GAAP basis, EPS from continuing operations was $0.93 per share and included $0.33 of acquisition accounting adjustments, and net significant and/or non-recurring items.  It's worth noting that both GAAP and adjusted earnings per share benefited from about $0.16 of lower tax expense related to previously disclosed actions we took to optimize the Company's legal entity and operating structure in the quarter. As well as pension-related benefit that was worth about $0.05. Free cash flow of $1.5 billion was in line with our expectations, keeping us on track for the full year. Before I hand it over to Jennifer, let me give you a little color on our synergy progress.  During the quarter, we achieved about 165 million of incremental merger gross cost synergies. And given our strong performance, we are again increasing our 2021 target, and now expect to achieve over 700 million cost synergies this year. This will bring us to nearly $1 billion in cumulative gross cost synergies since the merger. And we're well on our way to meeting our $1.5 billion commitment. So with that, let me hand it over to Jennifer to take you through the segment results.
Jennifer Reed: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins Aerospace on slide 4. Sales were 4.6 billion in the quarter, up 7% on an adjusted basis, and up 9% on an organic basis, driven primarily by the continued recovery in the commercial aerospace end markets. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 38% driven by a 44% increase in parts and repair, a 43% increase in provisioning, and a 22% increase in modifications and upgrades. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 4% roughly in line with our expectations. Commercial OE sales were down 3% with strength in narrow-body more than offset by lower wide body deliveries, primarily 787. And military sales were down 5% on an adjusted basis and down 1% organically on a tough compare. Recall, Collins military sales were up 8% in the same period last year. Adjusted operating profit of 480 million was up 407 million from the prior year. Higher commercial aftermarket sales, favorable mix, and synergy capture more than offset lower military volume. Looking ahead, due to expected supply chain pressures and 787 OE delivery headwinds, we now expect Collins full-year sales to be down mid-single-digit.  However, given the continued recovery in the commercial aftermarket and the benefit of cost containment measures, we are increasing Collins full-year operating profit outlook to a new range of up 250 to 300 million versus 2020. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 5. Sales of 4.7 billion were up 25% on an adjusted basis, and up 35% on organic basis, primarily driven by the continued recovery of the commercial aerospace industry.  Commercial aftermarket sales were up 56% in the quarter with legacy large commercial engine shop visit up 49% and Pratt Canada shop visits up 18%. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 17%. Commercial OE sales were up 22% driven by higher GTF deliveries within Pratt, large com -- business. The military business sales were up 2% on another tough compare. Recall, Pratt military sales were up 11% in the same period last year.  Growth in the quarter was driven by a continued ramp in F135 sustainment, which was particularly offset through inputs on production and classified development programs. Adjusted operating profit of a 189 million was better than expected and was up 232 million from the prior year. Drop-through on higher commercial aftermarket sales, more than offsets the impact of higher Commercial OE volume and higher SG&A and E&D.  Looking ahead, due to the continued commercial aerospace recovery, we now expect Pratt's full-year sales to be up mid-single-digit. In addition, we are increasing Pratt's full-year operating profit outlook to a new range of flat to up 50 million versus 2020. Turning now to slide 6, RIS sales of 3.7 billion were in line with prior year results on an adjusted basis and down 1% on an organic basis, driven primarily by the timing of material input from suppliers. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter of 391 million was in line with expectations and was up 41 million year-over-year on an adjusted basis, driven primarily by higher program efficiencies. RIS had 2.9 billion of bookings in the quarter, resulting in a book-to-build of 0.4 as expected, and a backlog of 18.7 billion. Significant bookings included approximately 1 billion on classified programs. It's worth noting that we expect RIS full year book-to-bill to be greater than 1. Turning to RIS full-year outlook, due to the timing of material inputs from suppliers we now see RIS sales growing low single-digit. However, as a result of improved productivity, we continue to expect RIS 's operational -- operating profit to grow 150 million to 175 million versus adjusted pro forma 2020. Turning now to slide seven. RMD sales were 3.9 billion up 7% on an adjusted basis, and up 5% on an organic basis, driven by liquidations of pre -contract costs on an Amram award received in the quarter, and the expected ramp in our  franchise. Adjusted operating profit of 490 million was in line with our expectations and was up 59 million versus the prior year primarily on higher sales volume. RMD's bookings in the quarter were approximately 3.9 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.02 and a backlog of 29.6 billion. Significant bookings in the quarter included AMRAAM Lot 35 for 570 million, a Patriot GEM-T order for 432 million, as well as several other notable awards. We also expect RMD's full-year book-to-bill to be greater than 1. We remain confident in our full-year outlook for RMD, with sales growing low to mid-single-digit and operating profit growing 50 to 75 million versus adjusted pro forma 2020. And now, I'll turn it back to Neil to provide some color on the rest of the year.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Jennifer. I'm on Slide 8. As we look ahead at the fourth quarter, we continue to be encouraged by the recovery of commercial air travel that has driven sequential aftermarket growth so far this year. However, the recovery of long-haul international traffic continues to lag expectations. And on the OE side, 787 build rates have come down more than we had expected, resulting in a significant impact to our top-line outlook for the year. Additionally, we aren't immune to the global supply chain pressures that are seeing some isolated impacts from the supply chain, primarily at Collins and RIS. However, we are working with our suppliers to mitigate these timing issues.  And finally, while we anticipate the pending vaccine mandate may put further pressure on the supply chain in the near-term, higher vaccination rates will continue to build confidence in the safety of air travel going forward. With that backdrop, we're adjusting our sales outlook and now see full-year sales of about $65 billion slightly higher than the low end of our prior outlook.  However, given the strong performance on cost control, synergy capture, and program execution, we are raising and tightening our adjusted EPS range to $4.10 to $4.20 per share, or up about $0.22 from the midpoint of our prior outlook. About $0.07 of the increase comes from the segments, Collins and Pratt and the remainder comes from improvements in corporate items.  And on the cash side, we are also raising the low-end of our free cash flow outlook and now see free cash flow of approximately $5 billion for the full year. It's worth mentioning that we've included an updated outlook for the segments and some below the line items in the webcast appendix. With that, I'll hand it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, Neil. We're on slide nine and this is just kind of our view of the operating environment that we're facing going into 2022. We're not going to give specific guidance on 2020 to today, other than to say that the trends that we talked about in our May Investor Conference are proving to be pretty much on track with what we're seeing for next year. On the positive side, obviously, we expect the commercial aerospace recovery to continue and we feel good about our ability to grow our Defense franchises with our robust $65 billion backlog in the bipartisan support for the Fiscal 22 -- Fiscal year 22 budget.  And of course, the international demand for our products and technologies continues to be strong. We're also laser-focused in driving operational excellence to deliver cost reduction and further margin -- This is really a part of our core operating system roll out. Again, it gives us confidence that we can continue to grow the margins along the trajectory that we talked about. On the challenges side, no real surprises here. We anticipate the global supply chain pressure will continue, and that lower 787 build rates will carry into next year.  Again, none of these are, I guess, new to us. We'll manage through them but something I think everybody is going to face in the industry. And of course, we are watching, monitoring if you will, the reopening of international borders. It all looks to be positive so far, but again, the COVID variance can change that in a hurry. Global tax and inflationary environment are also a concern of -- as we think about next year. And lastly, the impact of the COVID vaccine mandate. As you know, all federal contractors are required by December 8th to have all of our employees vaccinated. We certainly expect that there will be some disruption in both the supply chain and with our customers as a result of this, but we're going to work our way through it. All right. So before we get to the Q&A, let me just close by saying that I'm really pleased with our performance in the quarter. And I'm confident in the strength of our businesses as we look ahead.  I want to reiterate, we remain focused on supporting our employees, customers, suppliers, and our communities, but our most important mission is keeping our employees safe. And finally, the strength of our Balance Sheet along with the cash-generating capabilities of our business will continue to provide us with financial flexibility to support investments in our business while still returning capital to shareowners, including our commitment to return at least $20 billion to shareowners in the first four years following the merger. With that Mistie, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: At this time if you would like to ask a question, . Your first question comes from the line of Peter Arment with .
Peter Arment: Good morning, Greg, Neil, Jennifer. Nice report. Hey, Greg, maybe you could just talk a little bit about the lost sales in Defense. Maybe how you're thinking about how that recovers and do we expect to get all that back in 2022 and maybe just any color about the supply chain challenges that you're seeing in Defense. Thanks.
Greg Hayes: So the lost sales on the Defense side, I would category -- 3 categories of issues there, 1, I think the pullout in Afghanistan, there's about $75 million impact to full-year revenue. Not huge, but meaningful. That will not recover obviously. Those are services that we were providing to the U.S Government or the Afghan Government prior to the pullout so 75 kind of goes away. You've got another probably 275 million of actual supply chain and people issues. And then by people issues, I mean, our -- the fact is we haven't been able to bring enough people on board to generate the revenue that we were expecting. That's  that the other is actual supply chain pressure where we're not getting the material in.  As you know, Peter, when we get the material in on the Defense side, we -- that gets billed right away to the customer and we recognize the revenue. So that piece will come back, the hiring piece will come back, the Afghanistan piece won't come back. So think about that 275 million. I don't expect -- we're not going to see it clearly in the fourth quarter, but we're not going to lose of next year. I can't tell you what quarter it's going to be in, but we'll get that back.
Peter Arment: I appreciate all the color and thanks, Greg.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
David Strauss: Greg, want to ask you a couple of questions on the error rates. I guess, first of all, on that. This year you talked about 161, are you actually going to hit that? On 77 where are you exactly today? Are you actually producing anything? And on A320, I know Airbus is talking about a big ramp up there, but if you look at their deliveries, it doesn't look like much is actually happening. Can you talk about where you are on A320 rates as well? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Go. All right, David. Let's just try to unpack that. Let's start with 737. We still believe Boeing is going to deliver those aircraft. Keep in mind for the first half of this year, we were not really delivering material to Boeing because they had it in their inventory. And so, we've just really started to ramp up the OE deliveries out of Collins again and keep in mind that's about $2.5 million roughly the ship set of revenue on 737. So we still fully expect Boeing will be taking production up there, on 737  here as they work through their backlog of undelivered aircraft and they go through the ramp-up process.  As far as 787, that I think, is maybe the big question that we have right now. We are not shipping anything today on 787. We had expected to be delivering about five a month. And keep in mind that's a $10 million revenue per aircraft impact. So you think about the -- part of the problem at Collins in Q4 will be 787 deliveries. Now, again, they'll catch back up, but probably not this year. As it relates to the A-320, again, we -- I think they're probably building at a rate of what? 43 a month going up, we think a little bit next year. And continuing on towards  goal, I believe of rate 75. Not clear we're going to get all the way to rate 75, but clearly we see demand strengthening for the A320. It's a great aircraft and it's got great performance characteristics. And keep in mind -- so the GTF -- today we've got just over 900 aircraft delivered. We've flown about 9.5 million hours. We've got a 99.9 dispatch reliability rate. The engine's great and we continue to see opportunities to grow our market position on the A320. But we don't see any shortage of demand in the near-term on the A320.
David Strauss: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: Hey, good morning.
Greg Hayes: Hey, Ron.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Ron.
Ron Epstein: Can you guys talk a little bit about the F35 re - engining? There has been a lot of, I guess, noise and discussion in the Defense community around the re - engining, the adaptive engine transition program. There has been some talk on it on the hill. Where are you guys on that? And how do you defend yourself against the GE offering?
Greg Hayes: Okay, Ron. So let's go through that. So the adaptive engine GE and Pratt Whitney both have adaptive engines on test. We're going into -- we did ground tests this summer, we'll be doing flight test early next year. There is a thought of re-engineering the A, I'm sorry, the F-35 sometime in the 2027, 2028 time frame, which is extremely aggressive. The issue right now with the adaptive engine is it does not fit on the carrier-based version, the navy version, or the marine corps version, the shortlist . The Air Force would have to fund the entire development cost of the new engine. The other issue we've got with the adaptive venture, this is brand-new technology. Unlike the F135, which has millions of flight hours on it on the core. And you're talking about a single-engine fighter. I think it's going to be a tough part to think about putting a brand-new paper engine on the F-35 in the near-term. We have to talk to the  about the enhanced engine offering of the 135, or we can upgrade the current F135 to provide more cooling and more thrust, and at a significantly lower cost than a brand-new centerline engine. So we're going to continue to work with the services on this. Again, I think it's the thought of a brand-new engine that's going to be a tough putt. It's not to say we're not going to look for ways to improve the current version. I think that's just a question of finding the funding because as the Block-4 gets introduced, we are going to need more cooling, we are going to need more thrust. But we have a plan to address that with the JPO.
Ron Epstein: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you so much for the time, Greg, Neil, and Jennifer. I want to maybe ask about the aftermarket. When we look at the two-year stack basis, Pratt aftermarket seems to be at 76% of 2019 levels. And Collins is that 66%, also at a lower growth rate. Can you talk about what's driving some of that growth differential? Is it just engines versus air-frame and overall program mix?
Neil Mitchill: Sheila, let me start. Good morning. We're very pleased obviously with the aftermarket performance in the quarter. You saw Pratt up 56% year-over-year, 17% sequentially, and Collins at 38% also in line with our expectations sequentially almost 5% -- 4%. The difference, I think, comes down to the product mix of offerings and frankly as we've talked about, Collins has a fair share of wide-body and that hasn't yet recovered. As we all know, we do expect that to be the next growth driver for Collins as we get into next year and the international routes start to reopen.
Neil Mitchill: On the Pratt side, very good shop visit induction. We saw a 49% year-over-year legacy shop visits come in. That's a little higher than the 30%, 35% that we thought we would see. So that upside probably about $75 million of sales is contributing to a full year $100-million increase in the Pratt outlook for the rest of this year. So pleased with the narrow-body recovery. As we look to fourth quarter, we'll continue to see shop visits at Pratt on the legacy side up year-over-year, probably in the neighborhood of 20%. Down a little bit sequentially, because we had some pull ahead into the third quarter, but still very solid there. We're well-positioned to support those inductions with parts and aftermarket. And then at Collins, same thing, we will continue to see the narrow body perform quite well. As Greg just talked about, 737 MAX stepping up. Probably by the middle of next year, we'll start to align the rates of our deliveries with Boeing's deliveries. and that will come with aftermarket as well, and then we'll see the wide-body.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thanks so much for the detail.
Neil Mitchill: You bet.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much, and good morning everyone. Maybe I'll continue along the aftermarket line of questioning. The sequential growth at Collins was in line with the outlook, but I think Greg, you've spoken in September and I think, correctly or not, people came away with maybe a little bit more optimism.  And was the pace of growth, did it kind of slow towards the end of the quarter? And then if you could give us at Collins, are you still looking for that mid-single-digit in the fourth quarter? Is there any kind of provisioning ahead of international travel returning in the U.S. that might help the way that domestic did earlier this year or any kind of update on how much the trends in Collins aftermarket improvement are being affected by both demand and supply issues?
Greg Hayes: Yes. Let me -- so as Neil said, I think sequentially, Collins was up about 4%. We were expecting 5%. So it was a little bit slower than what we had expected. And I think I would attribute that mostly to that kind of slowdown in the middle of the summer. That we saw in August and September is the Delta variant of COVID. became more problematic. Again, as we closed out the quarter and as we move into October, we see that kind of low single-digit 4% -- 5% growth again, sequentially, that is in Q4.  I think the real issue at Collins and Neil hit on this is their exposure to wide-body. That's 40% to 45% of their aftermarket. And we were hoping we were going to see a faster reopening of the international markets. They are reopening I would say at a rather tepid pace. And so that's really the governor I would tell you on Collins aftermarket growth. Narrow-body is all good. That's operating -- 320 fleet out there is operated about 80% of pre - COVID similar, it's like 70% on the V2500 fleet. that's all good.  The real issue is wide-body and until we see a pro -- a reopening of the international routes, and right now we're seeing North Atlantic opening up, which is great, but we're still not seeing the Asia routes. And that is the thing that we really don't expect to see until 2023, which means you're not going to get a full recovery until probably the end of 2023 back to '19 levels at Collins.
Seth Seifman: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Good morning, everybody.
Greg Hayes: Morning, Noah.
Neil Mitchill: Hi, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Neil, the updated full-year '21 guidance, I think has the margin -- the segment margin down sequentially in every segment. Just sort of wondering broadly how much of that is conservatism versus specific headwinds. And I guess in Collins in particular, the margin and the EBITDA dollars have to be down a decent amount in 4Q, even with revenues still up. Notwithstanding the headwinds you've cited here. If you could walk us through why that happens.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Thanks. Not conservatism, I don't believe. I think we've got this reasonably calibrated, but let me take you through each business unit. At Collins, if you are doing the math, which it looks like you've done Noah, you'll see margins in the 9% range in the fourth quarter. There were a couple items in the third quarter that helped Collins to the tune of about $0.02. We had a land sale, we also had a worker's comp adjustment that was favorable.  Those two items, if you adjust form would get Collins' Third Quarter Ross in the neighborhood of 9%. So I think we see flattest margins for Collins between Q3 and Q4. Recall we've been talking about the ramp in R&D and some of the discretionary spend. We saw some of that happen in the third quarter. We'll see more of that in the fourth quarter. So that's the Collins story. At Pratt, it's a different story. The margins are sequentially down.  That's largely on higher A320 neo. In fact, all of our GTF deliveries will be higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. So the negative engine margin headwind will persist. And then similarly, we'll see continued E& D and SG&A grow just a little bit. Both those companies, Collins and Pratt have done a really nice job to control the spending, but it was back and loaded as we positioned ourselves to adjust depending on how the year turned out.  For RIS, we'll see margins around 10%. We should see continued productivity there. So no major changes there. And R&D, they will exit the year around 12%, pretty much in line with the third quarter. I'll point out for both RIS and RMD, there are four fewer days in the fourth quarter of this year than there were last year. And so that will give us a little bit of just headwind but of course, that's just timing.
Noah Poponak: Given your comments on wide-body, and then what's happening with the A320, do we need to all be calibrated to -- with respect to the aerospace business margins, do we need to be calibrated to a non-linear path to the 2025 targets, I guess specifically next year, if wide-body is still a bit slow in the A320's ramping in Pratt?
Neil Mitchill: Noah, I think we've been talking about this for almost 2 years now since the pandemic started, that the recovery is going to be, I'll call it lumpy, in fact, and that depends on the routes, the airlines including wide body is going to be a big piece of that. So I do think there will be a little lumpiness to the margin trajectory. Keep in mind that Greg just talked about the 787 that's a huge revenue contributor, not a big margin contributor, until you get into the aftermarket. So I think that's a fair assumption. We'll certainly be back here in January to give a little more color on what '22 looks like for us based on what we see during the fourth quarter.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks so much.
Neil Mitchill: You bet.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Rob.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Greg, a couple of months ago, you sounded perhaps a little bit skeptical about Airbus A320 ramp plans, but today you sound a bit happy about it. So I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate on your latest thoughts on this and whether you do feel more comfortable on the A320 now.
Greg Hayes: Rob, I would tell you, I remain somewhat skeptical about rate 75. I think that's just natural. I think you'll hear it from the leasing companies out there that there's probably not demand unless it comes up of Boeing's. And again, as Airbus ramps up production, Boeing will ramp up production, question is, are we really going to see a market that will support? I call it, 50 737s and 75 A320s on a monthly basis or 125 airplanes a month. Again, it's -- it could happen. We'll be ready to support Airbus, our customer, if indeed it does. But I would tell you that our plans -- our 5-year plans do not anticipate getting to that kind of rate and by 2024, 2025. Again, we -- maybe we're being conservative. But again, we will support the customer if the demand is there.
Robert Stallard: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Doug.
Doug Harned: I just -- I wanted to follow up on what Rob was talking about there because if you look at the A-320 family, I guess there are two things here. You said -- expressed some skepticism about the planned rate increase. Your CFM counterparts have also done that. Some in the customer community have. Boeing has. Everybody could have different motivations here. But when you go forward, they are -- they have holding fast to this production plan. How does this break? In other words, when do you or your counterparts say, okay, we will facilities for 70-a-month and make that investment. How does this process move forward?
Greg Hayes: So keep in mind though the A320 family, it is a shared platform between CFM and Pratt & Whitney, and so our goal here is to make sure that we have the most profitable piece share of that business. And so again, we will continue to sell the engines where we think we can make the most money. But again, we're not going to chase every last engine campaign just to get to a higher rate. So we want to be disciplined on pricing. And again, if the demand is really there, it's -- we're out talking to customers every single day. If the demand is there, if Gilman Airbus are correct, we will get our fair share. Maybe it won't be 50%, maybe it will be 45%, maybe it will be 40%, but we'll get our fair share of whatever the ultimate demand is.
Doug Harned: And if I can just follow on that because, one other thing that's going on right now is that Airbus deliveries are lagging production today and they probably a 130 plus airplanes parked and majority would be in the A-320 family. How does that affect you if you have this gap in deliveries and production in Airbus in terms of your deliveries of engines to them, and then you're planning for the next few quarters?
Neil Mitchill: We do not foresee a gap in our delivery profile for the Airbus engines. We're continuing to produce, and, in fact, as I just said, in the fourth quarter I expect them to go up sequentially. As you know, Airbus has a huge backlog for the A320 and they are working with their customers as we are to make sure they take delivery. Not going to get into predicting how many they will deliver, but we don't foresee any gaps in our engine delivery profile.
Greg Hayes: If you think about that though, Doug, we've got thousands of 7 or A320s in backlog and the fact that there's a few parked, that's just really the state of the airline industry today that some of the airlines looking for financing. But we don't see any interruption in the production rate. And as Neil said, it'll it will continue to go up both this year and next.
Doug Harned: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Myles Walton with UBS.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Greg or Neil, I was wondering how are you quantifying the -- sort of risk around the vaccine mandate, booking your operation and in the supply chain. And also, I guess what's the bigger supply chain issue that's hitting you now? Is it people? Is it raw material? Is it the chips? And sort of what's the growing risk and what's the fading risk? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: So Myles, in that $275 million number we throughout before in terms of supply chain impact to the year, the people part of it is about a third. And so that's -- we are expecting some level of disruption, some level of challenge in the supply chain, just because they're -- keep in mind it's not just the prime contractors, but it's also all of our subcontractors that need to follow the mandate as well. So we are expecting some minor level of disruption. Now this is not huge in the grand scheme of $64.5 billion of revenue, but there will be some expected impact.  And as we get closer to the deadline date of December 8th, this could pick up. So we're monitoring it, we're out talking to all of our key suppliers, we're talking to our customers, and we're just trying to stay on top of that. As far as shortages, people are a piece of it. But I would tell you there's -- it's also raw materials and while it we have good coverage under long-term agreements, we've seen lead times double on some of these raw materials. Chips, not a huge issue for us, I think again, we've got adequate supply, but it's always a watch item out there.  The logistics, getting trucks to pick up material, getting material in is also proving to be a challenge. But looking at in the grand scheme of RTX. I just don't think that's -- there's going to be a meaningful or material impact on us for the year. We're managing it pretty well. We've got a robust team in supply chain and operations that are all over this, and we'll just -- we will keep managing through it.
Myles Walton: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of MIke Maugeri with Wolfe Research.
MIke Maugeri: Hey, good morning, and thank you for the time. Neil, can you spend a little bit more time on cash flow and working capital through the end of the year. And then how that sets up for your working capital into next year. And then related on the Capex trim this year, is that pushing Capex or is that Capex going away?
Neil Mitchill: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Let me just share a couple of thoughts around the free cash flow. We obviously took the range up the bottom end by $0.5 billion on a couple of things. One, improved profit and two, slightly lower capex as you pointed out. Year-to-date working capital has been an outflow. And that's pretty typical for us. So we're expecting the fourth quarter at least a billion-and-a-half of positive working capital. Again, a lot of that comes from the defense side of the business as we receive receipts from our customers, cash receipts that is. So we feel pretty good that we'll continue to see a net working capital and . It could be a little  than the number we talked about at the beginning of year as we make sure we have an appropriate amount of buffer stock in some places for the issues Greg just talked about, but all-in-all really good progress.  Just to give you a couple of thoughts, inventory has been a real bright spot, frankly. Collins, sequentially, their inventory was only up $30 million from Q3 or Q2 to Q3. And Pratt is in fact down nearly $100 million sequentially. So the teams are doing a fantastic job of managing inventory as we recover through this cycle. So I'm very happy with that. In terms of the timing of the Capex. we've got a big ramp in the fourth quarter, which is also typical for us.  I do think that some of the savings we're seeing this year could slip into next year particularly, around our large structural projects. But the good news is we're completing those projects within budget so it's all kind of contained in our cash outlooks. I won't get into where we see free cash flow next year, but I do expect it to grow as we've talked about back at the Investor Day. And we'll be back in January with more details on how that's expected to unfold.
MIke Maugeri: Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt Akers with Wells Fargo.
Matt Akers: Hey. Thanks. Good morning.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning.
Matt Akers: Just to comment a little bit about fuel prices and just put the uptick year-to-date. Is that starting to flow through it all into your customer behavior on a commercial side, either kind of flying some of the older aircrafts differently or maybe potential demand for new aircraft to kind of get the fuel efficiency savings? Is there anything you're seeing from your customers there?
Greg Hayes: Matt, not really any impact except we have seen pricing going up. And I think if you're out buying a ticket today to fly any place, you're going to see the prices have gone up significantly somewhat from what we saw this summer. So while fuel prices are up, oil North of $80 a barrel, We believe that the airlines are being -- are able to pass along those higher fuel costs in the form of higher ticket prices. Obviously, if it's a prolonged increase, it does drive demand for next-generation aircraft. And right now, of course, there's a lot of aircraft out there still sitting on the ground, so I wouldn't expect there would be a near-term impact like that, but clearly, the airlines are raising prices to compensate for the higher fuel costs.
Matt Akers: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen.
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes. Thank you very much. Great results. So the F-35 peak production target, as you know, has been brought down and supply chain has emerged as a bigger issue recently, you mentioned 275. But maybe could you give us color on A, where the supply chain issues are the biggest worry. And secondly, what the F-35 rate impact does to you because clearly it looks like it does quite a bit to the prime.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Cai. So as we think about going down from roughly, what, 16 engines a month down to 13 engines a month, it will have an impact on Pratt. But again, it's a -- so I think about the 135, it's a small piece of our overall defense budget. It's not, when you're talking, let's call it $10 million in engine so you're going to lose 30 million a month. So you may lose 350, $360 million dollars of revenue going forward. Again, on the defense backlog of 65 billion is just not that significant. Obviously, it's a much more important to the prime on that parti -- you see those kinds of
Greg Hayes: reductions. In terms of specifics on supply chain, I don't know that I could point to a single supplier that is -- other than -- again, it's components, it's raw materials. Think about aluminum prices going up, thinking of steel, all of the basic raw materials, lead times pushing out. And it's just harder to get material in the door on time. And we're also seeing, of course, labor shortages in our supply chain, which is also slowing down input. And I think that's going to be a continuing problem into next year. And the vaccine mandate, probably not going to help that. Although a vaccine mandate probably will help us on the commercial aerospace side if everybody gets vaccinated. So we're all for that.
Neil Mitchill: Cai, let me just add one thing on F135 rates. Keep in mind that there's the production engines, but there's also power mods and pieces that Pratt makes, that support the aftermarket. And so you'll get 1, 1.5 equivalent engines per month on top of so production rate. So it'll be a little below the 16 a month and all of that has been calibrated in our long-term outlooks that we talked about earlier this year. So certainly a little bit lower on the production side, but not a full drop. So I just wanted to add that extra point there for you.
Cai Von Rumohr: Terrific. And then on the supply chain, Greg, you mentioned raw materials. To what extent do you have raw material price escalators in your contracts?
Greg Hayes: So typically, as you know, Cai, we've got protection from say, abnormal escalation in our contracts. So there's a dead-band in terms of inflation for most of the contracts. But we also, for most of those raw materials, we also have long-term supply agreements which cover us for the vast majority of the material. So we're not seeing the impact today of all of the, I would say, spot prices for materials that, say, you might otherwise be thinking about. Most of that's coming in under LTA. If these prices persist long term, then we will see So, an impact. And again, we'll extent -- to the extent that that is greater than these dead-bands will be able to pass that on and recover that through our contracts.
Neil Mitchill: Put some numbers on that that, Cai, 90% of Pratt 's products are under LTA, probably 70% at Collins and so on average, we're about 80% protected. So again, as Greg said in the near-term, it's not a major issue for us.
Cai Von Rumohr: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: With Defense stable and Aerospace recovery coming along nicely, can you discuss your capital deployment priorities? And how are you thinking about the portfolio and M&A at this point in time?
Greg Hayes: Sure. I think for us right now, there is no news and there is no change I would say in the focus on -- of the portfolio. We're going to continue to look for investments like Seakr Engineering and like FlightAware that can enhance the offerings that we already have. especially in software and in the space business. At the same time, we're going to continue to look at lower margin, lower growth businesses for divestiture. And nothing to announce today. We'll keep looking at the portfolio as we always do. As far as capital allocation, I think first and foremost, we're going to invest in E&D and Capex. And you should think about that number this year, it will be about $5 billion. Next year will probably be closer to $6 billion of investments between Capex and E &D. That is the first priority is to invest for the future of the business. At the same time, we'll continue to take up share buyback over the next couple of years. We've got to do another $6 billion of share buyback to hit that $20 billion target that we've got out there. And we fully expect to be able to do that, if not a little bit more.  And then again, we've got a lot of flexibility with the Balance Sheet. We got $7.5 billion of cash to be in there at the end of the third quarter. And we've got plenty of liquidity if we decide we want to make some other investments. But for the time being, we're going to focus on generating cash, investing in E&D, investing in the business, and growing it.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Hayes: Thank you.
Operator: I will now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Hayes for closing remarks.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, Mistie and thank you, everyone for listening in. A good quarter, I hope everyone would agree. Neil and Jennifer and the team will be available all day today to take your questions. So thanks very much for listening and take care. Bye.
Neil Mitchill: Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tabitha, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer, and Jennifer Reed, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being carried live on the internet and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies website at www.rtx.com.
Greg Hayes: Thank you, Tabitha, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 2 of the deck for those of you following along. So a couple of months ago, we held our first Investor Day as Raytheon Technologies. And that day, we laid out our 2025 goals to deliver strong top-line growth, margin expansion, and at least $10 billion in free cash flow by 2025, all while continuing to invest in our businesses and return significant cash to our shareholders. We continue to be confident in the future because of our strong franchises, the resilient markets in which we operate, our innovative technologies and our relentless focus on operational excellence and cost reduction, which will drive margin expansion and strong cash flows into the future. And we continue to see encouraging trends across our market. Our confidence and our ability to achieve these targets remain strong. And as you saw at the end of May, the Department of Defense released the fiscal year 22 budget request, which was generally in line with our expectations with respect to our portfolio of products and the investments were making in differentiated technologies, including missile defense, space-to-base systems, next generation propulsion and hypersonics. Major RTX programs fared well overall as modernization funding remains at near historic highs. Requested funding for these programs is favorable to the overall do DoD modernization request, when compared to last year's plan for fiscal year 22. It's also worth noting that the overall classified funding request, which supports a significant part of our intelligence and space portfolio was also very well supported. So, I'd say we're well-positioned with the administration's priorities, driven by our innovative technologies and capabilities to address the evolving threat environment. This is demonstrated of course by the significant awards we received this quarter, which included over a $1 billion in classified bookings at RIS, and two important franchise wins at our missile and defense business, where we are awarded almost $2 billion for the long-range standoff weapon or LRSO, and $1.3 billion  for the next generation interceptor.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Greg. I'm on Slide 4, as you could expect, I'm pleased with where we landed for the quarter. We exceeded our expectations for both adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow. Sales were $15.9 billion, which was at the high-end of our outlook range, and up 10% organically versus prior year on an adjusted pro forma basis, and up 4% sequentially. Our strong performance was driven by the momentum in commercial aerospace and continued growth in defense. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.03 was ahead of our expectations, primarily driven by commercial aftermarket and contract-related settlements at Collins, but also better than expected performance at Pratt RIS and RMD. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.69 per share, and included $0.34 of acquisition accounting adjustments, and net significant and/or non-recurring items. Free cash flow of $966 million exceeded our expectations, primarily due to the continuation of better than expected collections, and lower than expected capital expenditures.
Jennifer Reed: Thanks, Neil. Starting with Collins Aerospace on Slide 5, sales were $4.5 billion in the quarter up 6% on an adjusted basis, driven primarily by the recovery of the commercial aerospace industry, and up 11% on an organic basis. By channel, commercial aftermarket sales were up 24% driven by 30% increase in parts and repair, a 16% increase in modifications and upgrades, and a 15% increase in provisioning. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket sales were up 15% with growth in all three channels. Most notably, provisioning, which grew at 40% and parts and repair which grew 14%. Commercial OE sales were up 8% from the prior year, driven principally by the recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. Growth in narrow-body, regional and business jets was particularly offset by expected declines in wide-body sales. And military sales were down 7% on an adjusted basis to the prior year divestitures, and down 1% organically on a tough compare. Recall, Collins military sales were up 10% in the same period last year. Adjusted operating profit of $518 million was better than expected and was up $494 million from the prior year, driven primarily by higher commercial aftermarket and OE sales, the benefit of continued cost reduction actions, as well as favorable contract settlements that were worth about $50 million. Looking ahead, we continue to expect Collins full year sales to be down mid- to down low single digit, with higher expected commercial aftermarket volumes offsetting slightly less than expected OE deliveries. And given the favorable mix in the first-half of the year, the commercial recovery and the benefit of cost containment measures, we are increasing Collins full year operating profit outlook to a new range of up $100 million to $275 million versus prior year.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Jennifer. Im on Slide 9, let me update you on how we see the current environment as we look to the second-half of the year. Starting with our commercial end markets, as I've discussed many times before, the shape of the commercial recovery remains critical to our outlook. That said, we are encouraged by the pace of the vaccine distribution, and continued signs of improving air travel demand in many domestic markets. However, we continue to see international air traffic and border reopenings recover slower than we had expected around the world. Keep in mind about 65% of 2019 air travel was international. While the first-half of the year was a little stronger than expected, and we're seeing signs of strong summer travel, we still need to see the reopening of international borders and the return of long haul routes to drive continued sequential aftermarket growth in the second-half of the year. Looking longer-term, we continue to expect commercial air traffic to return to 2019 levels by the end of 2023, with domestic and narrow-body fleets recovering before international and wide-body fleets. Moving to our defense end markets, we were pleased with what we saw in the fiscal year 22 defense budget requests. And we remain confident in our ability to grow our defense businesses as we look ahead. Shifting to operational excellence, as Greg mentioned, we're increasing our gross merger cost synergy target to $1.5 billion. And that's driven by higher savings from the corporate segment consolidations, as well as additional procurement and supply chain savings. At the same time, we're maintaining a focus on implementing our core operating system and driving structural cost reduction across the businesses. And finally, our financial flexibility is underpinned by our strong balance sheet which supports our investments in the business and our capital deployment commitments. So, let's turn to Slide 10, following our strong first-half, we're confident in our full year outlook. As Greg discussed, we're bringing up the low-end of our sales range by $500 million, and we're raising our adjusted earnings per share range to $3.85 to $4 per share, or up about $0.33 from the midpoint of our prior outlook. About half of the increase comes from the segments, primarily Collins, and the other half is from $0.13 of tax improvement and about $0.03 of lower corporate tax items. The $0.13 tax benefit is driven by the ongoing optimization of the company's legal and financing structure that we expect to realize discreetly in the third quarter. On the cash side, given the improved earnings outlook, we now expect free cash flow in the range of $4.5 billion to $5 billion for the year. And finally, it's worth mentioning that we've included an updated segment outlook, as well as an updated outlook for some of the below the line items in the webcast dependencies. With that, I'll hand it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Neil. So we're on the final slide here, Slide 11. I just want to reiterate our priorities for 2021, and again, no surprises here. These priorities remain the same that is first and foremost, to continue to support our employees, our customers, and our suppliers and communities during the pandemic, and to keep our employees safe. Our team is dedicated to solving our customers most complex problems by investing in differentiated technologies to capitalize on our strong franchises. At the same time, we're going to continue to execute on the integration and deliver the cost synergies, and we're committed to operational excellence to drive further structural cost reduction across all of our businesses. And finally, as Neil said, we have a very strong balance sheet, combined with our cash generating capabilities, provides financial flexibility to support investments in our business, and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders, including at least $20 billion to share owners in the first four years following the merger. So with that, let me go ahead and open it up for questions. Tabitha?
Operator:  First question comes from the line of Myles Walton with UBS.
Myles Walton: Hey, good morning. Greg, you mentioned the GTF improvement that you're doing on the cost side, I was just curious. Could you talk about the losses that you're currently incurring per unit? How much of an improvement the cost reduction efforts are actually translating into unit costs? And then, maybe just as you look at the glide slope of losses on the engine, I think the prior comments were around peaking in 2025, and maybe size how far off you are from that peak? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, Myles. Thanks. I'll take this one. It's Neil. Good morning. First of all, if you think about the second quarter, the Pratt and Whitney large commercial engine business saw a very slight year-over-year decline in the OE operating profits. So we're making really good progress driving costs out of the engine in spite of much lower volumes than we had previously expected. So I feel good about that. As you look at the rest of the year, the team continues to drive down the cost curve. And we'll see slight cost improvement year-over-year, and again, in spite of some significant absorption headwind that we're dealing with relative to today's volumes versus what we were expecting pre-pandemic. Looking a little bit further out, we do continue to see some upward pressure on negative engine margin as the volumes increase. But we do see that as a positive sign, frankly, those are investments we're making in the future aftermarket, not going to get into quantifying that today. But we do see OE volumes going up in the 2025 time period. And the Pratt and Whitney team is aggressively working cost reduction actions to contain that negative engine margin at an appropriate level.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: Hey, good morning. How are you? Can you speak a bit about what you're thinking on mid-term growth on defense for the business? I mean, we saw in the quarter in particular, in Europe, foreign military sales for the industry did well, you guys did well with the order on the Patriot. But what do you think in mid-term for the defense business growth? So, if we step out a couple of years from now, not just next year, but if we go out maybe three, four years from now.
Greg Hayes: I think it's pretty much what we had talked about back in May, Ron, which is, we're going to probably see low to mid-single digit organic growth across all the defense businesses. And, as you know, that's a mix of both U.S. defense spending as well as international. And obviously, on the international side, we've seen a little bit of an impact this year with the pandemic and the havoc that weve done on budgets. But at the same time, I think we continue to see strong backlog there. I mean, interestingly, in Switzerland, both F-35s and the Patriot defense system. So defense business internationally remains good. The backlog, as we said remain strong over $66 billion at the end of the quarter. So I think, we easily see that kind of 3% to 5% growth. Of the mid-term, I'll call it out through 2025, because who knows beyond that, but again, it's all about having the right technology for, I would say the next conflict, not the last conflict. And that means having space-based technologies, it means hypersonic weapons, it means cyber weapons. All of those things are going to enable us to help the warfighter in whatever that next conflict might be.
Ron Epstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys. Thank you for the time. So the better outlook at Collins $225 million of it of the $275 million seems to be core productivity. How do we think about what drove that, given the top-line that really hasn't changed? And just on first-half margins, ex-contract settlements are about 9% and it implies second-half margins are 8%. So, why the contraction in the second-half? And how do we think about the improvement off that base?
Neil Mitchill: Sheila, I'll start. First of all, I think on the Collins side, the way I would think about the second quarter profit was really driven by higher aftermarket drop through in part, I'd say substantially, it was due to that. We also did realize about $35 million of cost reduction, that dropped to the bottom line combined with about the same number from productivity and mix. So those are really the key drivers. The reason you're not seeing the overall sales go up for RTX is recall, we had a very, very broad range on the sales coming into the year, most of that range was attributed to aftermarket risk. We're halfway through the year now. We're de risking that. We've taken up the bottom and a $1 billion six months into the year. As you think about that $500 million increase, about $200 million of that I would attribute to Collins, a little bit less than that to Pratt and Whitney. And then we also are seeing some improvement on the bottom end, probably $30 million or so at RIS and the rest at RMD. So, as I look at the rest of the year, and you think about the margins, there's a couple things I just want to highlight for you. We had about $0.05 of I'd call it one-time items in the second quarter that I don't expect to repeat in the second-half of the year. $0.03 of those were at Collins those contract settlements that we called out. We also had about a penny in RIS related to a land sale, and then another penny within our RMD as well, given some pre-contract liquidations that went through driving about 70 basis points in margin expansion at RMD. So, as you think about the second-half of the year and Collins, in particular, probably $75 million to $100 million of EMD headwind in the second-half. Remember, we have been cautious in terms of the phasing of our discretionary spending. We'll see that ramp up, now that we're seeing the strength in the aftermarket. And we had furloughs in place for the first-half of the year at Collins. Those are now expired and so they'll have that incremental cost as we head into the second-half of the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thanks so much.
Neil Mitchill: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Maybe just a follow-up on Sheila's question. You did see a very big sequential increase in the Collins aftermarket in Q2 compared to Q1. But it seems like you're a little bit cautious about extrapolating that going forward. So maybe, if you go into a little bit more color of what you actually saw in Q2, and why you're perhaps a little bit squishy about this continuing in the second-half?
Greg Hayes: Excuse me, let me start there, Rob. I think, what surprised us in Q2 was how quickly the commercial aftermarket came back, especially in China and in the U.S. And you've heard us talk historically about expecting typically a six month delay from the time, we start seeing RPMs recover until the time we start seeing the aftermarket recover. The anomaly this year is the airlines are actually spending money ahead of the recovery in anticipation of a resurgence in demand, which was exactly what they have been seeing. And so the second quarter was much, much better, I think than anybody had expected going into this, especially as we think back to January is really putting the plans together for the year. So as we think about the back-half of the year, a lot of that pent-up demand we think has already been satisfied here in Q2. But I would also tell you the bigger part on Collins you got to remember its 40% to 45% of their aftermarket is wide-body. And that is the piece that we do not see recovering here in the back-half. Again, you'll see some reopenings, we hope some transatlantic routes reopen here in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. The transpacific is pretty well still shut down. The inner Asia, long haul routes are pretty well still shut down. And so that's kind of the governor, I would tell you on the back-half at Collins is the long haul wide-body marketplace. So again, strong domestic demand in the U.S., strong domestic demand in China, starting to see some of that in Europe now. But it's really the wide-body that is, I would say the overall governor on the back-half.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, and let me just add a couple of other points too. I think one of the things that was very notable in the second quarter was the 40% sequential growth and provisioning. So again, I think that's all the airlines getting ready for the expected increase in demand here in the second-half of the year. So that's a watch item as we kind of think about the back-half. On the aftermarket side and I'm talking Collins in particular, we had 15% sequential growth, as you pointed out, really strong growth here in the second quarter. As we look at the next two quarters, think more about 5% sequential growth. And again, that's off of a higher base here in the second quarter, I mean still ahead of what we were talking about back in January. So we're seeing that improvement, but that's sort of what we're calibrating in our forecasting as we look at things today.
Robert Stallard: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey, just in the legacy Raytheon defense segment margins, those have improved, notably over the last few quarters. I understand you had the acquisition accounting reset there, we can see that they were higher in the past before that, and we can see what your future targets are. We're just wondering how linear that improvement can continue to be. The guidance implies they stepped down in the back-half versus the second quarter. But given what you're doing on the cost side, and given the steady recovery from the acquisition accounting input, and again, where that long-term target is, it's not clear to me why that would happen.
Neil Mitchill: So Noah, let me try to share a little bit of perspective on that. First, I think as we think about the first-half of the year, the margins, both in RIS and RMD are strong, stronger than we had expected. You'll recall in the first quarter, I commented on a couple of items in RMD, we had the pension tailwind, we also had some international mix. We also here in the second quarter in RMD had some contracts that were awarded that resulted in us liquidating some costs that had accumulated on the balance sheet. Now we can recognize revenue and profit on that. So those couple of things our RMD are providing some uplift in the first-half of the year that we don't expect to repeat in the second-half of the year. And at RIS, I pointed out that asset sale that we had in the second quarter as well. If you take that out for RIS, you'll see margins in the back-half of the year that are fairly consistent with what we just saw in the second quarter. Now, from a productivity perspective, we are seeing improved productivity, and it's about $50 million each in those two segments. So where that goes, as the year continues, we will see that's a function of hundreds of the EACs being done each quarter, but we are seeing that improvement in the underlying productivity in a net favorable way. But, keep in mind at RMD, as we've talked about back at our Investor Day, you will see a mix shift in the products and the margins in the second-half of the year, as we get into more DoD FMS sales. So that's sort of the margin story. I mean, feds business, were very pleased with where they're heading, and still see longer-term the targets that we set out in May achieving those.
Noah Poponak: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, gentlemen. Hey, Neil, just so I can make sure we're all speaking the same language here. When you refer to productivity across the two segments the $50 million, are you saying that the gross or excuse me, the net cumulative adjustments to the EACs were $50 million in each of those two segments?
Neil Mitchill: On a year-over-year basis, yes. Net EAC year-over-year, yep.
Carter Copeland: And is the big driver of that you up the synergy target, you realized it's some incremental cost out for all the reasons you stated earlier. And you're just putting that into the EACs and we're just getting that flowing into Q2, because that's when we sort of put in the plan.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, that's right. And, you're seeing sort of that play through and then the natural evolution of us getting further along the percent complete, since we had to reset that back in April of 2020. But that goodness, neck goodness, is dropping through in the form of EAC favorability. There's a lot of EACs that get done every quarter and so sort of that's the net effect of everything. But generally speaking, we're seeing good productivity in both RIS and RMDs businesses.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. Thank you for the clarification. Ill stick to one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein.
Doug Harned: Thank you. Good morning. When you talk about how you're looking at how you're modeling traffic trends, and I think you said, by the end of 2023 for traffic to be back. How do you think about your aftermarket recovery in Pratt and Collins with respect to that trend? In other words, how do you see those lining up on that traffic recovery? And perhaps in Collins, maybe if you could break it down by what I would say, traditional UTAS Collins avionics and interiors that would be really helpful.
Greg Hayes: Well, I guess if you think about it, Doug, originally -- well, our forecast would say that we don't see a complete return of air traffic to pre-COVID levels until 2024. We had expected pretty much just to see as we have historically, that kind of six months delay from that with aftermarket recovery tracking RPM recovery. That's obviously not the way we've seen it play out this year, again, because people have been come back, there's a lot of pent-up demand. And I expect, we will see the aftermarket pretty much line on line with RPM growth here over the next couple of years, as we see that recovery. Again, I think the various pieces of the business will see I would say a different trajectory. If you think about the interiors business, for instance, while it's still up sequentially, a little bit, that business is still suffering from the dearth of wide-body departures. And so we're not seeing great traction in interiors. On the avionics front, though, we're seeing kind of a normal as expected recovery. The same with I would say some of the legacy UTAS businesses as you call them, our power and controls business, landing gear, wheels and brakes, all of those things recovering pretty much in line with what we're seeing for traffic. So again, if I think about the weakest link in the Collins business is probably interiors, but it will come back. We're convinced that we're going to see wide-body traffic recover, its just going to take some time. And again, that's a relatively high margin business, it's all customer furnished equipment. So that will play out into the recovery of the margins at Collins as well, probably into that 23, 24 timeframe.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, let me add a little more color to, Greg, I agree with all that. Maybe making some comments about 2021 year what we see for the rest of the year. And I'll focus on ASMs. I mean, we saw about a 22% increase in ASMs from Q1 to Q2. And as I think about, going from Q2 to Q3, that's probably more in the 30%, 35% range. And that's starting to level out, call it mid-single digit 5% kind of growth from Q3 to Q4. Getting back to what Greg said, our aftermarket should start to trend with those ASMs, as we look further out through the recovery.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Good morning, everyone. Nice results. Hey, on working capital can you maybe just talk about the progress you're making on the kind of inventory levels at Collins and Pratt? I believe that's kind of the best opportunity for you to show gains going forward? And is there any kind of change here in your thinking on long-term goals, and then maybe just expectations around free cash flow cadence in the second-half? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah. Thanks, Peter. So actually, I'm very pleased with what we're doing on inventory in both Pratt and Collins. With the significant increase in sales that we're seeing a known ramp that we're facing, inventory levels have stayed pretty much in line. At the company level, up $50 million higher than we exited the first quarter with. And obviously, some work to do to drive that down in the back-half of the year. As we see the markets strengthen here, we'll be making sure that we have that inventory in place. Could there'll be a little bit of pressure on that? I suppose, but I'm very happy to see that we're still forecasting inventory turn improvements as we exit the year, and good focus on working capital management. As you think about our $4.5 billion to $5 billion of free cash flow at the midpoint of that range, I'd say that increment comes from the improved profit, if we're able to get to the higher end that will likely be on slightly improved CapEx. And we'll be watching the working capital, but we got the right focus on it. We want to make sure we're ready for the recovery, ready for our customers, but at the same time, not bringing in inventory that we don't need. In terms of calendarization for the second-half of the year, as I think about the third quarter profile, probably about the same increase in free cash flow that we saw from Q1 to Q2. So again, we're very happy with the collections that we're seeing. And, right now, that's sort of how I see third quarter playing out.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Hi, good morning, guys. Neil, earlier you mentioned the variable $75 million to $100 million EMD in Collins for the back-half of the year. Can you provide more details on what that is? And how much more flexibility you have in deferring to spend?
Neil Mitchill: Sure. That really is across the Collins portfolio. We did a very deep dive last year, as you probably expect on where we were spending our EMD, and especially through the pandemic, we wanted to make sure that we're focused on the next generation technologies where we can insert our upgrades into the existing Collins platforms.  I'd say there's always flexibility around the allocation of those dollars to specific investments, but it's really in our interest to make sure that we spend the money. We want to make sure that we do not starve any of our businesses. I think we're a long ways from doing that. You've heard Steve Tim talk about investing about 6% of sales over the next several years. And I think our spending is about right, we're poised to invest about $6 billion of our own money between capital and EMD over the each of the next four years. So, there's some flexibility Kristine there, but I do know that we've got a long list of important projects that Collins team is aggressively working.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks, Neil.
Neil Mitchill: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Neil, you highlighted the sequential ASK growth that you're expecting in Q3. I guess, in light of that, maybe talk about what you're seeing so far in terms of July on the aftermarket side? And then Greg, since the Investor Day, Airbus came out with much higher potential narrow-body production rates as we look out 23, 24, 25. I guess, what do you think of those potential rates? And how could that change when you've guided Collins and Pratt to look like out in 2025? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, I'll start. Obviously, we haven't even closed the month of July yet, but we do look at that data regularly. We're seeing continued growth, as we head into July consistent with the forecast that we've got baked into our outlook. What I would say, as we think about Pratt, for example, I think a big piece of the second-half is in the shop visits. We were really happy to see 56% year-over-year large legacy shop visits. As I think about Q3, we will be probably north of 30%, 35% and even over 20% growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter. So some good indicators there, we've got pretty good line of sight, as we look at the back-half of the year, particularly on the Pratt shop visit side.
Greg Hayes: So David, as we think about the narrow-body ramp, if you will, I think you'll see both Boeing and Airbus are starting to ramp up production. We were a little surprised, I would tell you, but we have been talking to Airbus. I know Guillaume and company are laser focused on trying to take some market share and so they're being pretty aggressive by showing that 70 to 75 aircraft a month figure out in 2025. I would tell you, while we're working with Airbus, that remains a challenge for us to get to those levels. Right now we're capacitized to, I think it was rate 63 was the latest high point. Obviously, we will do whatever we need to, to support our customers. Now, whether or not that rate actually materializes, I guess will be the question. Obviously, with the XLR coming along as A321 XLR, I think Airbus got a great aircraft. And they want to take advantage of that in the marketplace. But, we'll see. Again, as I think about this, the air traffic is going to grow 4% or 5% a year. So you're going to continue to see plenty of demand out there for narrow-body. And the question will be, is it A320s? Or, is it 737s? We're positioned on both, obviously a little bit different content on the A320 with the neo engines, but we're keeping an eye on all of this. And I think, we'll work with a supply chain, we'll make sure that we're adequately capacitized to be able to serve our customer there. And we'll see what happens. But there's plenty of time between now and then to get ready if the ramp actually occurs as quickly as what Airbus hopes.
David Strauss: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: Hi, good morning. Greg, you talked about the surprising second quarter narrow-body aftermarket demand. And you also talked about the lagging wide-body recovery. But maybe a year from now or even sooner, if we end up with the vaccines getting traction, and we see more long haul traffic strength, could we have a surge in demand both for maybe wide-body and narrow-body at the same time? And, given the headcount reductions, do you have the capacity to address it? In other words, could the demand curve turn into a sine wave at some point here?
Greg Hayes: From your lips to God's ears. I think in fact, we are optimistic that we could see a faster recovery, should we get a more robust vaccine rollout. And keep in mind, in the U.S., about half of the population is vaccinated, it's getting to be the same in Europe. China, vaccine is also taking hold. But globally, it's only about 9%. So we've got a long way to go I think. The good news is most of the air traffic, of course, is between China and the U.S. and in Europe. So we could see a quicker recovery. I would tell you that we are more than adequately capacitized to take advantage of that recovery from an aftermarket perspective. As we took all those cost cuts last year, that kind of $2 billion of cost takeout, what we didn't do was close a lot of factories or eliminate a lot of capacity. As Neil mentioned before, one of the overhangs of course at Pratt from a cost standpoint is you get all this unabsorbed overhead. Well, that's because we still have the facilities. We're still facilitized to do 1,000 Vs if we saw that kind of a ramp. This year, we'll probably do 550 V's overhauls, but the capacity still exists. It's the same on the GTF. It's really the same across the Collins portfolio. We haven't closed factories and we can bring folks back, we can work extra shifts to pick up on the demand. So I'm not actually worried if we were to see that kind of a recovery. It would be good. Certainly, not what we expect today, but we are ready for it.
Robert Spingarn: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JP Morgan.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much. And good morning, everyone. Greg, I was wondering if you could maybe put on your business roundtable hat and talk a little bit about where getting into the second-half of the year. And there's still no resolution on the R&D tax issue for next year. And so, I wonder if you could talk about A the prospects for that in the Congress? And B the prospects to get some relief from that outside of Congress, maybe with some kind of IRS interpretation of the law that removes customer funded R&D from the equation?
Greg Hayes: Yeah, that's a great question, Seth. We were very hopeful, I would say three or four months ago, as we were thinking about the infrastructure bill as it was winding its way through Congress. And clearly, we were having discussions on the hill, both the Senate and the House side. People are very sympathetic to the fact that this R&D amortization language that was in the 2017 Jobs Act is not helpful in terms of driving the kind of investments that we want to see in technology. And so we have been pressing folks to include relief on the R&D amortization formula in any infrastructure bill that's out there. Obviously, there's pressure to take the corporate rate up. We'll see where that goes. But I think we're still hopeful that we will see some type of relief. And maybe it comes in December, as is typical with the tax extenders that we get some relief here. It's just hard to imagine you want to stop folks from investing in R&D, as the academy comes back from the pandemic. So, again, we're still hopeful, folks at business roundtable are doing a good job educating the Congress on this, and we'll see where it goes. But we're not going to give up hope. I think this is something we just have to get done.
Seth Seifman: Right. And anything outside of Congress?
Greg Hayes: We haven't actually explored a regulatory role. And I haven't seen a pathway for IRS or Treasury to change the statutory language of the 2017 Jobs Act. So right now, I think it's going to require an act of Congress.
Seth Seifman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen.
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks so much. So could you comment on bizjet trends at Legacy UTX? And also, you didn't have much of an uptick in commercial OE at Collins. What do you see going forward for the pickup in rates on the MAX and the 787 where Boeing's been having their own problems? Thanks.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, let me start with some bizjet context. Cai, how you doing today? Obviously, bizjet has rebounded very quickly. And so, whether that's at the affecting the Collins business, or the Pratt Canada business, we're seeing very good performance there, that I'd say combined with general aviation, both are at or near or even slightly above where we were in 2019. So that is a major contributor here to part of the Collins. Q2 performance, we're seeing it within the Pratt aftermarket as well. As I think about OE, we are certainly seeing that OE growth at both Collins and Pratt. And as I think about the back-half of the year, we will start to see 737 MAX start to be a bigger contributor. We've talked about being aligned with Boeing's production schedule, but having delivered about a third of their requirements for this year already. And so, as we pick up on that second, third, if you will, or two-thirds rather, that'll start to ramp up as we go through the third quarter and more heavily into the fourth quarter. And then, of course, another step as we get into 22, which we'll talk more about later in the fall.
Greg Hayes: You obviously picked also Cai, the 787 that's down to I think five a month. In fact, it's because of some of these production delays, we think it might be even a little bit slower than that. So there's some impact there. You recall, revenue on that's about $10 million a ship set for the Collins business. So there is a little bit of a governor, I would say on Collins OE, even here into the third quarter. And we expect again, as Neil said, once 737 production rates pick up here, as well as we get some of these production issues behind this at the Boeing line on 787 that should that should help the towards the end of the year and into next year.
Cai Von Rumohr: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Maugeri with Wolfe Research.
Mike Maugeri: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the time. Greg, you mentioned having the right technology for the next conflict. So can you talk about the longer-term sort of supply demand balance in your missile business as the DoD customers priorities shift back towards peer adversaries from asymmetric threats?
Greg Hayes: Yeah, Mike, it's an interesting discussion. If you think about what the -- as we talk about having the right technologies for the next conflict. As we see this right, the next war and Ive said this before, it gets fought in cyberspace in outer space initially. You aren't going to see land wars in Asia or tank battles across Europe. What you are going to see is cyber-attacks, you're going to see attacks against strategic assets in space to compromise communications and sensing systems, and being able to defend those assets, being able to project and to replenish those assets is really what we're focused on across the RTX portfolio. And the other piece of this of course, is how do you have assured communications. And you'll hear a lot about JADC2 this Joint All-Domain Command and Control. Having assured communications, having reliable, replenishable comp systems is also part of this. And again, we played in that really across the business from the sensing systems at our RMD to the processing that we do at RIS to some of the communication systems that come out of Collins. We think we were uniquely positioned there as well. So look, it's a complex battlefield as we think about it. There's no one single answer. It's not like we're going to replace all of the missiles we have with high powered microwaves or high powered lasers. It's going to be a layered defense, where you're still going to see SM3s and SM6s, and you're still going to need AMRAAM missiles, as well as some things to deal with, I would say the emerging threat of hypersonics, which we think is primarily going to be high powered microwaves. So, a lot to pull apart there, but, I think again, we have technologies in all of those spaces that can differentiate us.
Mike Maugeri: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of Matt Akers with Wells Fargo.
Matt Akers: Thanks. Good morning. Could you just touch on sort of the military engine outlook? And kind of specifically in light of some of the F-35 kind of disruptions we've seen on the aircraft side last year, this year. And Lockheeds comments about maybe a little bit of a slower growth profile here going forward. Just how we should think about that kind of trending going forward?
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, I'll take that. As we look at the rest of the year for Pratt on the military engine business pretty steady. And we're at or near sort of the rate, we need to be on the F-135 engine. And, we're clipping along. We're not quite halfway through our delivery schedule for the year, but we're pretty close to it. So I'd expect the back-half of our year to look pretty similar to what the first-half did, in terms of engine deliveries. And as we've talked in the past, we pretty much see that kind of rate holding steady for the foreseeable future there.
Greg Hayes: And keep in mind too, Matt its not just F-35 right, we're also on the KC-46 the tanker. We're going to be on the next generation B-21 as that goes into flight test, and then into production in the next couple of years. So there's more than just JSF out there. And the F-100 and the S-16 remains opportunities for us to continue to utilize a platform that literally is 40-years old. So there's more to the military engine business than just JSF. Obviously, its the biggest piece, but those other pieces are important as well.
Matt Akers: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Matt. All right. Well, thank you, everyone, for listening in today. As always, Jennifer and team are prepared and ready to take all of your questions. So, thanks for listening in and we'll see you guys soon. Take care and be well. Bye-bye.
Neil Mitchill: Bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. My name is Deborah and I will be your operator today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are Greg Hayes, Chief Executive Officer, and Neil Mitchill, Chief Financial Officer. This call is being carried live on the internet and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies website at www.rtx.com.  Please note except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations excluding net, non-recurring and/or significant items and acquisition accounting adjustments, often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTCs SEC filings, including its Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. You may ask further questions by reinserting yourself into the queue as time permits. With that, I will turn the call over to Mr. Hayes.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thank you Deborah, and good morning everyone.  Before we jump in, Id just like to take a couple of minutes to acknowledge the news that most of you saw yesterday of Dr. Kennedys retirement as Executive Chairman of the Board, effective June 1 of this year. As you all heard me tell the story, it was just over two years ago that Dr. Kennedy called me to suggest that we merge our two companies. He could see then that in combining our talent, technologies and capabilities that we would have the breadth and scale to meet any industry challenge in aerospace and defense.  Little did either of us realize then, of course, how quickly a global pandemic would put that value proposition to the test, and yet here we stand today one year post merger and weve made substantial progress not only in integrating the two heritage companies but also managing through an unprecedented downturn in commercial aerospace, all the while identifying new technology synergies and establish an operational rhythm that allows us to meet many of the goals sooner than what we had expected just a year ago. I want to thank Dr. Kennedy for his leadership, partnership and stewardship throughout this merger and congratulate him on a distinguished 38-year career with Raytheon. We wish you well, Tom. Id also like to officially welcome Neil Mitchill in his new role as Chief Financial Officer, though most of you of course already know Neil - hes not new to the call. Toby OBrien stepped down earlier this month and we thank him for all of his contribution as we formed Raytheon Technologies. Many on this call also know that Neil was our interim CFO at UTC prior to the merger and since then, hes led the IR and financial planning functions. Im very pleased to have him as our CFO and look forward to working together as we continue the integration and cost initiatives that will capture the full value of the Raytheon Technologies company. Lastly, Id also like to welcome our new Head of Investor Relations, Jennifer Reed. Jennifer for the past year has led our integration team. As Vice President of Integration, she was responsible for the financial and operational planning activities related to the merger and did a wonderful job, and well hear more about that later.  I think that completes the HR section of the call. Let me move on to the numbers. Lets take a look at Slide 2, please. As I mentioned, earlier this month marked the one-year anniversary of the mergers closing, and Im proud of the major accomplishments and progress made by our employees and business leaders, who came together from across our businesses to execute as a single team. Our ability to adjust to the unique circumstances and stay nimble in this very dynamic operating environment has served us and our investors and customers well. With that, let me take you through the performance and some highlights from the quarter. Im pleased to say that weve had a really strong start to the year and were seeing continued momentum with signs of economic recovery and incremental improvements in domestic aerospace markets, with international markets of course remaining challenged. As you saw from the press release this morning, we delivered strong quarterly sales, adjusted EPS and free cash flow, all of which exceeded our expectations from earlier this year. While it is still early in the year, the rate of vaccine distribution and signs of travel recovery within key domestic markets, specifically the U.S. and China, are better than what we expected just three months ago. In the U.S., daily TSA traffic has averaged about 1.4 million people a day since the beginning of April, nearly double the levels of January of this year, so were headed in the right direction with key metrics improving but we continue to monitor recovery indications around the world and engage with our customers as they prepare for this recovery. On the defense side, Im happy to say our backlog remains robust at more than $65 billion.  These encouraging trends in commercial aerospace and our Q1 performance give us confidence to raise the low end of our full year sales range by half a billion dollars to $63.9 billion, bringing our new sales range for the year at $63.9 billion to $65.4 billion. Were also going to raise the low end of our full year adjusted EPS range by a dime to $3.50 - thats up from $3.40, so the new range that we expect for the year is somewhere between $3.50 and $3.70. Were going to also maintain our free cash flow outlook for the year of at least $4.5 billion, and Neil will give you a little color on all this later in the call. On the capital deployment front, after a better than expected start to earnings and cash in Q1, were also going to increase our share buyback plan by half a billion dollars - that will take it up to $2 billion for the year. During the first quarter, of course, we did resume our share buyback and we repurchased about $375 million of our stock, giving us a good start to our full year commitment.  You also probably saw yesterday that we increased our dividend by more than 7% yesterday to $0.51 from $0.475. Since the merger last April, weve already returned over $3.2 billion to share owners between share buybacks and dividends, and we remain on track to return at least $18 billion to $20 billion to share owners in the first four years following the merger.  We also continued to execute well on our synergy programs during the quarter. We achieved nearly $200 million of incremental RTX merger synergies, bringing the total since the merger up to $440 million. Given our strong synergy capture to date and the growing opportunities that we see in the pipeline, were going to increase our cost synergy target by $300 million from $1 billion to $1.3 billion, and I dont think were done yet. Collins importantly also achieved an incremental $40 million in acquisition cost synergies in the quarter, bringing their total acquisition-related savings to $510 million since the deal closed in November 2018.  Lastly, we continued to strategically shape our portfolio with a focus on higher growth, higher technology businesses. We did close on the Forcepoint divestiture earlier this year - that brought in about $1.1 billion in gross proceeds without the tax benefit, and well continue to be disciplined in M&A as we evaluate both strategic acquisitions as well as strategic divestitures.  With that, let me turn it over to Neil. Mr. Mitchill?
Neil Mitchill: Thank you Greg. Im happy to be on the call today in my new capacity as CFO, and I look forward to our continued partnership as we continue to capture the full value of RTX. With that, Im on Slide 3. Let me take you through our financial results. Im pleased with where we landed for the quarter, exceeding expectations on our key metrics, and as weve mentioned previously, Q1 will be the last quarter of tough compares for our commercial aero businesses resulting from the onset of the pandemic last year. Q1 sales were $15.3 billion, above the midpoint of the outlook we provided in January. Adjusted EPS was $0.90 per share, ahead of our expectations driven by better than expected operating profit at all four of our businesses, as well as favorability in some corporate items. On a GAAP basis, EPS from continuing operations was $0.51 per share and included $0.39 of net non-recurring and/or significant items and acquisition accounting adjustments. Free cash flow of $336 million exceeded our expectations primarily due to better than expected working capital timing, most notably the timing of collections across the businesses.  With that, let me take you through the segment results. Starting with Collins Aerospace on Slide 4, sales were $4.4 billion in the quarter, down 32% on an adjusted basis and down 31% on an organic basis, driven primarily by the expected adverse impact of COVID-19 on the commercial aerospace industry. By channel, commercial OE sales were down 45%, again driven principally by the impact of the current environment. Commercial aftermarket sales were down 43% driven by a 39% decline in parts and repair, a 66% decline in provisioning, and a 32% decline in modifications and upgrades. Sequentially however, commercial aftermarket sales were up 11% driven by growth in parts and repair and modifications and upgrades. Defense sales were down 3% on an adjusted basis but up 4% organically. Organic growth was driven by F-35 as well as growth in several avionics product lines. Adjusted operating profit of $332 million was down $952 million from prior year and better than our expectations for the quarter, driven by continued cost control and favorable sales mix. On a year-over-year basis, cost control as well as lower E&D and SG&A were more than offset by lower commercial aftermarket and OE sales volume. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, with a solid start in Q1 and improving trends on the commercial side, we are increasing the low end of Collins sales outlook from a prior range of down high to low single digit, to a new range of down low to mid single digit, and based on our first quarter cost containment measures and those improving trends on the commercial side, were also increasing the low end of Collins operating profit outlook by $75 million to a new range of down $200 million to up $25 million. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 5, sales of $4 billion were in line with expectations. Year-over-year sales were down 24% on an adjusted basis and down 25% on an organic basis, also driven by the expected adverse impact of the current environment on the industry. Commercial OEM sales were down 40% driven by lower deliveries across most of Pratts large commercial engine and Pratt Canada platforms. Commercial aftermarket sales were down 35% in the quarter driven by an expected decline in shop visits, but growth in the GTF aftermarket volume was more than offset by the impact of a reduction in legacy large commercial engine shop visits of 38% and a 28% reduction in Pratt Canada shop visits.  In our military business, sales were up 1% on higher F135 aftermarket partially offset by lower volume across certain development programs. Pratts adjusted operating profit of $40 million was down $475 million from the prior year. Significant aftermarket volume reductions and fixed cost headwinds more than offset continued cost containment measures, including reductions in G&A and E&D. Looking ahead, with a solid start in Q1 and improving trends on the commercial side of the business here too, we are also increasing the low end of Pratts full year sales outlook from a prior range of flat to up mid single digit, to a new range of up low to mid single digits, and we are increasing the low end of Pratts operating profit outlook by $50 million to a new range of down $75 million to up $25 million. Turning now to Slide 6, first Ill remind everyone that the percentage of completion reset at the merger date continues to impact the comparable sales and operating profit at the legacy Raytheon businesses. With that, Raytheon intelligence and space sales were $3.8 billion, up 2% versus the prior year on an adjusted pro forma basis and better than our expectations for the quarter, driven by higher volume in sensing and effects, particularly airborne ISR.  Operating profit in the quarter was $388 million, down $11 million year over year on an adjusted pro forma basis and a little better than expected due to higher sales volume. Its worth noting that sequentially, the ROS at RAS improved 110 basis points to 10.3%. RAS had bookings in the quarter of $3.7 billion, resulting in a backlog of $19.2 billion. Significant bookings included approximately $1.4 billion on classified programs as well as several other notable awards. Our Q1 book to bill was 1.08, and looking ahead we remain confident in our full year outlook for RAS with sales growing low to mid single digits and operating profit growing $125 million to $175 million versus adjusted pro forma 2020.  Turning now to Slide 7, Raytheon missile and defense sales were $3.8 billion, up 3% versus prior on an adjusted pro forma basis and better than expected due to higher volume across multiple mission areas. Adjusted operating profit was $496 million, also better than expected and down $43 million year-over-year on an adjusted pro forma basis due to the absence of a favorable prior year contract settlement and the EAC reset impact that I mentioned.  RMDs bookings in the quarter were approximately $2.5 billion, resulting in a backlog of $27.7 billion. Significant bookings in the quarter included an award of approximately $520 million for AMRAAM for the U.S. Air Force, the Navy, and international customers, and an award of about $250 million to provide Patriot engineering services support for the U.S. Army and international customers.  Its also worth noting that RMDs industry team was down selected for the next generation Interceptor award, and we expect to book that award in the second quarter for over $1 billion. Book to bill was 0.68 in the quarter, as expected, as we continue to deliver against a previously awarded multi-year production contract. Before moving on, Id also like to make a comment on the previously disclosed ongoing DoJ investigation into cost accounting matters at legacy Raytheon Companys former integrated defense systems business, or IDS, which is now part of RMD. As youll see in our upcoming 10-Q filing later today, the investigation includes potential civil liability for defective pricing for three contracts entered into between 2011 and 2013 by IDS. We provided for our best estimate related to this matter in connection with the finalization of purchase accounting during the quarter. Additionally, as part of the same investigation, we recently received a second subpoena relating to a different IDS contract from 2017, and we do not currently believe the resolution of this matter will result in a material impact to our financial condition and we will continue to cooperate fully with the governments investigation. Turning back to RMDs full year outlook, we continue to expect RMD sales to grow low to mid single digits and operating profit to grow $25 million to $75 million versus adjusted pro forma 2020. Finally for your reference, weve included an updated outlook for each segment in the webcast appendix. With that, moving to Slide 8, let me update you on how we see the current environment as we look ahead at the rest of the year. Starting with our merger synergies, as Greg said, we are increasing our gross merger cost synergy target to $1.3 billion, and thats due to higher expected synergy capture in our corporate office and segment consolidation, as well as additional opportunities weve identified in the supply chain and footprint consolidation and in IT. Keep in mind thats on top of $600 million of Rockwell Collins acquisition synergies. Additionally, we continue to see the benefits of the cost actions we took last year. Were making solid progress on the structural cost reduction actions weve previously announced while at the same time working additional opportunities to drive further cost out of the business. Moving to the commercial side of the business, the shape of the commercial aero recovery remains critical to our outlook. As Greg mentioned, were encouraged by the pace of the vaccine distribution and were seeing signs of increasing travel demand, particularly on many domestic routes; however, we continue to watch Europe and international border reopening. While weve seen slightly better than expected results to start the year, particularly at Collins as customers prepare for a strong summer travel season, as well as evidence of increasing future travel demand, we still need to see this demand translate to strong sequential growth in RPMs and ASMs as we head into and through the peak summer travel season. As such, the second quarter remains a critical period in determining the recovery profile for the rest of the year.  Looking longer term, we continue to expect that it will take until at least 2023 for commercial traffic to return to 2019 levels. For the defense side of our business, we continue to expect both domestic and international program growth to remain robust, as evidenced by our over $65 billion defense backlog. Our strength with international customers, our innovative technologies, and our positions in high growth areas gives us confidence in our ability to grow these businesses even in the current domestic budget environment. Finally, our financial strength is underpinned by the strength of our balance sheet and supports our capital deployment commitments.  Moving to Slide 9, following our strong start to the year, we remain confidence in our full year outlook, and as Greg mentioned, we are bringing up the low end of our sales range by $500 million and bringing up the low end of our adjusted EPS range by $0.10, with about $0.06 coming from the segments and the remainder coming from improvement in some corporate items. Now let me just give you a little color on Q1. At the company level, we see sales in the range of $15.5 billion to $16 billion, adjusted EPS in the range of $0.90 to $0.95 per share, and we see sequential improvement in free cash flow. Its also worth mentioning that weve included an updated outlook for some of the below the line items and an updated pension outlook that includes the impact of the latest COVID relief bill in the webcast appendix. With that, Ill hand it back to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thanks Neil. No surprise here - as we think about our 2021 priorities, first and foremost its going to be to continue to support our employees, our customers, suppliers, and communities, all the while continuing to invest in new technology and innovation to drive industry leadership for the long term. I am confident in the outlook for our company. RTX is well positioned to deliver strong sales, earnings growth, and cash flow for not just this but for the foreseeable future. Before we get to Q&A, just a note. We are going to have an investor day coming up on May 18 where youll get a chance to hear from our business unit leaders as well as on our transformation initiatives from Mike Dumais. I look forward to sharing a lot of information also on our revenue synergies and our long term growth strategies with you at that meeting. With that, lets turn it over to Q&A. Deborah?
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research.
Carter Copeland: Gentlemen.
Greg Hayes: Hey Carter.
Carter Copeland: Greg, Im going to resist the urge to ask a numerical question and instead ask you about--
Greg Hayes: Im good with numbers, Carter.
Carter Copeland: I know, I know - Im going to take you away from there. In light of Tobys departure and Toms announced retirement, and were on a year into the merger, this is the biggest integration in the history of aerospace and defense mergers and youve been obviously trying to do a lot of that virtually. With respect to what still needs to be done and what has yet to be accomplished, where do things stand in that regard and where do you want them to go? Have things surprised you along the way that have led to any change relative to where the plan was? Just anything you can give us to help us understand where that is in its process, aside from cost synergies and some of the numerical pieces but more the integration of the two companies culturally.
Greg Hayes: Yes Carter, its something that we have spent a lot of time on over these past 12 months. Were fortunate Ive got Jen Reed sitting here with me, who has been leading that integration effort. I would tell you weve realized over $400 million of cost synergies, but there is a lot of work yet to do. Weve done many of the hard things in terms of reducing staff, making sure the policies are consistent, but again not done with that.  I think the biggest opportunities we still have are on the digital front, where we have a lot of work to do to reduce the number of data centers. Weve just made a big investment to try and reduce the data centers from more than 30 to less than a dozen. Were also working on what we call the digital thread - that is, how do you connect everything from product development through operations, supply chain and sustainment.  Lastly, I would tell you it is rolling out our common operating system. Youll hear more about this in May, but we do need a common operating system. We have 178 manufacturing facilities around the world, and we have work to do to consolidate those yet. Were making good progress, but it is going to take us some time. It will take us a full four years to realize the $1.3 billion of synergy savings. We made good progress on identifying savings related to procurement, both product and non-product, cost reduction. All of those things are on track, but I would just remind you its too early to declare victory. Just like Collins has got now over $500 million of synergies on their way to $600 million, theres still work to do there. Were not going to declare victory. 
Carter Copeland: Did you find anything in the process that has, I guess, surprised you? Im just thinking about some of the charges in the legacy Raytheon defense segments and the comments you made around the DoJ subpoena regarding the pricing. Are these things surprising to you?
Greg Hayes: Well look, first of all just to be clear, these are contracts from 2011 through 2013, so there is always surprises like that out there when the DoJ suggested that we defectively priced some contracts. Weve been doing an investigation, weve been working with the DoJ, and I think we appropriately provided for those exposures, as Neil mentioned. I wouldnt call that a big surprise. What I would tell you, people think about the culture, and it was not that different between the aerospace businesses at legacy UTC and the defense business at Raytheon. The fact is many of our customers on the defense side were the same and the cultures were the same. I think again that has been a pleasant surprise in terms of how easily we have been able to integrate the two businesses culturally and that process will continue, but I would tell you it is going remarkably well for what is probably the largest aerospace and defense merger ever.
Carter Copeland: Great, thanks for the color, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: Hi, good morning Greg, Neil, Jennifer. Neil, for you, youre essentially guiding to EPS around $0.90 in each quarter this year, at least if I think about what youve said for Q2 against Q1. Why isnt there more improvement from the first half to the second, especially given the buyback and maybe even a slightly lower tax rate? You mentioned Q2 is going to be key for assessing the pace of the recovery, so could you elaborate a little bit on what youre expecting, or is this just a conservative second half guide?
Neil Mitchill: No, I dont think its that. I think theres still three quarters ahead of us, so I need you keep that in mind as we look at the rest of the year. We did see some promising uptick as we were in March of first quarter at Collins and Pratt - you know, some pre-buy, I would call it, for the airlines ahead of the summer travel season, but let me give you a little bit more color on Q2 specifically. We do see segment operating profit growth somewhere between $0.03 and $0.07 for Q2 if you think about that sequentially. We do have some headwinds on the corporate side, so one of the things that we benefited from in the first quarter was reduced corporate expenses in part on interest as we had better than expected cash flow, and so that will lower our interest for the year, as well as we are being more efficient with our synergy investment spend. But that spending on the synergy investment will pick up here in the second quarter, so youve got a few--you know, $0.02, $0.03 of headwind on that front in the second quarter as well. As it relates to the second half of the year, well have to wait and see a bit, but certainly the back end of our plan contemplated a real strong summer travel season, and thats why I think Q2 is going to be so important.
Robert Spingarn: And then just on the cash flow cadence throughout the year, you touched on it there, but if you could just go into perhaps a little bit more detail.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. As you know, our cash flow tends to be back end loaded as we ramp and then deliver through the year. As I think about the first quarter, our free cash flow was better than we expected, probably by about $600 million, all of that attributable to improved working capital. If I break that down for you, think about $300 million of that coming from better than expected customer collections. We were happy to see some customers pay early at the end of the quarter. We had a couple hundred million dollars of improvement in disbursements timing and $100 million better improvement--better than expected performance on inventory. Still a long ways to go to get to our full year $400 million working capital improvement, but good progress.  As I think about Q2, I would expect to see clearly some sequential growth, probably at least doubling, and then more of that in the back half of the year as the sales continue to ramp and collections, as they seasonally do, ramp up.
Robert Spingarn: Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Raviv with Citi. 
Neil Mitchill: Hey John.
John Raviv: Hey, good morning everyone. On the [indiscernible] going back to DoJ items, can you clarify the [estimates that well see] [ph] in the 10-Q, those are not material and the second subpoena, you do not expect to be material either, and just any kind of color on any connective tissue or any narrative or rhythm or theme, Id say, between these items - for instance, are they all FMS or tied to a particular person or team or incentive structure? And then any comments around what the functional impact of those settlements is going to be on the ongoing business for which--you know, on those contracts referenced, the 11 to 13 and also the 17 item. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: John, I appreciate the question. Im not sure we can really answer it. I will say this is an ongoing investigation by DoJ. We have begun our own investigation and as we discover facts, we have been sharing all of those facts with the DoJ. I would tell you again, the dollar amounts are not going to be material in our view today. Again, these are older contracts where it was alleged that we defectively priced some contracts. Again, I cant get into much more detail than that, but weve looked into it, we think there is potential liability for defective pricing clearly, were provided for that this quarter, and were going to continue to work with DoJ to bring these things to a resolution. I would tell you, these investigations take time. Were still going through doing some work, but we dont believe theres going to be any ongoing impact to any of the businesses as a result of these investigations. We think there were one-off events that occurred--should not have occurred, but they did, and were going to clean it up and move on.
John Raviv: Okay, thank you Greg for that. Ill stick to the one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: Hey, good morning guys. Just maybe on Pratt, I think in the hearing on Thursday on F-35, Pratt was mentioned 39 times, so I guess the question is this. How are you guys remedying the issues that the Air Force has with the F135 engine, and do you fear that all this rhetoric around the engine could offer an entre for GE to try to get a second engine in there, because theyve been raising their rhetoric on that, at least they have been with the investment community. 
Greg Hayes: Well Ron, first of all, its nice to be mentioned 39 times - all publicity is good in some respects. But I would tell you the issues--and I think Matthew Bromberg, who is President of our Military Engine Business, explained this pretty well. Weve actually done a good job on the production or the OEM front in terms of delivering engines. We ended the year on contract; in fact, there were about 50 engines sitting at the final assembly line for the F-35 today. Unfortunately where we didnt do a great job was at the sustainment center, and we did not provision enough in terms of test equipment and personnel to deal with the volumes that we saw coming into the shop. As a result, there are about 20 aircraft today that are sitting there that do not have a serviceable engine. Now, one of the solutions--I think Matthew pointed this out last week in his testimony, we could take some of those engines from the final assembly line and put them over at the sustainment center and solve this problem tomorrow, but as you know, the color of money for procurement is different than it is for operations and maintenance, so its not that easy. But we have committed in working with the customer, with the JPO to put the equipment in place necessary to service the engines such that we get back on, Ill say contract performance levels by the end of this year. A lot of work to do, but again we were caught by surprise in terms of the amount of hours that were being flown. We were surprised at the scope of the work that was required on some of these, but we will catch up. As far as does this give an entre to GE to build the F-136 engine, I cant answer that question completely. I would tell you, though, that is a multi-billion dollar, multi-year effort to bring that engine back in line, and I think again given the cost challenges on the program, it seems unlikely that any of the services are going to spend that kind of money for an extra engine, when in fact our engine is actually performing quite well in service and meeting the reliability targets, meeting the fuel burn targets.  The issue with the F-35 is not capability, its sustainment cost, and that is the other thing that weve committed to work with the JPO on, is how do we reduce, working with Lockheed, the sustainment cost because that will ultimately be the bigger cost than the initial procurement.
Ron Epstein: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning guys, thank you. Maybe Ill ask one on Collins. Decrementals are still in the 40% range. What are the moving pieces of that, and how do we think about the trajectory of margin improvement in that business, just given commercial OE start-stops on 787 and the Max?
Neil Mitchill: Thanks Sheila, Ill take that one. You saw the decrementals today - 47% at Collins, slightly better than what we were seeing last year, so thats good. The cost containment actions that weve implemented are taking hold and continuing. As you think about the rest of the year, we continue to see the incrementals being very strong, probably in the 75% range if youd average Q2 to Q4, but as you look at Q2, they should be in excess of 100% because youll recall that last year, Q2 was our deepest quarter. Im happy with what the teams doing there in terms of maintaining that cost control around E&D, SG&A in the factories. They took some difficult steps last year, as you know, and as we started the year, the Collins team has done a nice job of containing the growth in those costs. We will see a little bit of that come back in the second half of the year as Collins as we reinstate merits and furloughs are reduced and volume picks up, but it should be a really good story for the back three quarters of the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Neil, can you just comment on whats going on with the Max and the 87, what kind of rates you expect for the year?
Neil Mitchill: Sure, so starting with the 787, we are aligned with the Boeing production schedule, so you can think about that being around five ship sets per month. On 737, also aligned with Boeing. I think theyre out there with 161 deliveries expected for the year. As weve talked about, Sheila, we have produced and delivered a fair amount of that, a third to a half of that, so the uptick in the 737 OE deliveries will start in the back half of the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JP Morgan.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much, good morning. Maybe just to follow up on Sheilas last question, the guidance for Collins would seem to imply kind of this continuation of the mid-7s margin that we saw in the first quarter, but theres potential for an era recovery and continued efforts on efficiencies, and so why wouldnt we see that margin expand off of that level as we move through the year?
Neil Mitchill: Yes, thanks Seth, Ill take that. Youre right - as you think about the guide for the rest of the year for Collins, particularly given some of the strength we saw here in the first quarter, those margins are contained in that range; however, I will say were being really smart about the timing of when we spend our E&D and when we reinstate some of the discretionary spending. Those will be natural offsets to what we expect to see in terms of aftermarket growth, but as that aftermarket growth comes, I would expect if its better than our plan, then youll see it drop through.
Seth Seifman: Okay, and then just on that, I think you mentioned the sequential aftermarket growth in the quarter, 11%. Can you talk about what pieces of the aftermarket are showing the most strength right now and where you expect that at Collins for the remainder of the year?
Neil Mitchill: Sure, yes. Its coming from the two places youd expect it - parts and repair, and mods and upgrades. Provisioning is lagging a little bit, but again that tracks more closely to the commercial OE deliveries, so Im not surprised to see that. But we are seeing, Ill call it cautiously encouraging signs as we exited March and started April on the repair intake in particular.
Seth Seifman: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. 
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning everybody. Neil, could you just add a little more color to that last question there, just with all of these questions about how the guidance implies some flattish things through the year despite some signposts for improvement, with the aftermarket being the shorter cycle lever? How did you tackle how to decide what to include for the aerospace aftermarket, given the signposts are positive but it is still uncertain? Then could you also tackle what happened with your pension cash flow inputs? It looks like those changed less than maybe we thought, based on how the inputs were revised there.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Let me try to build upon the aftermarket. As I think about the year and we think about the recent IOTA data on RPMs, January and February were a little bit of a slow start. That definitely picked up in March. When I think about the change in the RPM forecast that we and the industry are looking at today, I think were pretty well aligned. It looks a little bit different today than it did three months ago. Clearly the domestic routes, U.S. and China in particular, are much stronger, so thats helping us; but on the international side, its a little slower than we thought. On the ASK or ASM side, the available seat miles, those are tracking pretty consistently with what we saw in January, or thought we would see in January. I think the thinking that weve had as we look at the rest of the year, and theres still a long way to go, is that we really need to see those ASMs and corresponding RPMs increase here in the second quarter, and were thinking about a 40% sequential growth in RPMs from 1Q21 to Q2 and then again Q2 to Q3, and then corresponding on the ASM side think about 25% to 30% sequential growth between Q1 and Q2, and Q2 and Q3.  If we see that kind of growth, then we will likely see a stronger second half, but I think at this point its just too early to call that. Thats how Im thinking about that a little bit more Shifting to--
Noah Poponak: If I could just interject there really quickly, just to make sure I have it correctly, your guidance does not imply those types of sequential moves, or really close, so am I hearing you correctly that the signposts are saying that could be what happens, but just given how much uncertainty there still is with the virus and the vaccine rollout and restrictions to travel, youre feeling the need to keep the guidance fairly conservative in case things are more volatile than that?
Greg Hayes: Yes, I think you said that exactly correctly, Noah. The fact is theres still a lot that has to go right in the back half of the year, in these next eight months of the year, so while were optimistic based upon the vaccine rollout here and what weve seen in China, there is still a tremendous--I mean, keep in mind 40% of Collins aftermarket is wide body, and that market is down significantly and its not recovering nearly as fast as what we thought it was going to.  So domestic markets better, international markets worse, overall though still confident in the full year guidance, and to Neils point, if the recovery happens faster, if the vaccine rollout and we start to see travel to Europe, for instance, in the summer season start to improve, these numbers could be better and youll see that in the bottom line. Again, we debated--you know, there could be upside on the top line and bottom line, but its April, and so when we see you guys in May, well talk about it again. Youll have a chance to talk to Steve Timm and to Chris Calio to see what theyre seeing in the marketplace, and then well have a better view obviously by the end of the second quarter. Right now, were optimistic but still cautious.
Noah Poponak: Sensible, okay.
Neil Mitchill: Yes, and let me take the pension question too. Thanks for bringing it up. Yes, we did put out some new numbers there. As you know, the relief bill that was passed reduced pension funding. We currently dont see the need to do any domestic funding in the near term as a result of that bill. Youll recall that we pre-funded $800 million in 2020 that would have been our 2021 contribution, so theres nothing in 21 that changed as a result of the bill. However, looking forward we do get a little bit of improvement, so well have to fund a little bit less into our pension plans. Well get a little bit less on the CAS recovery - its about $75 million next year and, I think, $50 million in 2023, so good news. The last thing Ill add is we got a little bit of a P&L benefit here in Q1 as weve rolled this lower CAS cost into our forward pricing. Probably about 70 basis points of margin improvement at the RMD segment is where it really showed up. Going forward for the rest of the year, I dont expect to see much more of that, and weve rolled that into our forward pricing.
Noah Poponak: How far into the future did it take down the domestic funding?
Neil Mitchill: Its pretty far out. I would say for the next three to five years right now, and of course that depends on a lot of other assumptions that could change. But all things equal, for the next several years at least.
Noah Poponak: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS.
Myles Walton: Thanks, good morning. I was wondering if I could pick up where we left off on RMD - it outperformed on margins, and Neil, thanks for the clarity on the pension contribution there, but still I think it was running hot, and obviously no change to the full year. Then maybe talk about the bookings trends there, which obviously look lighter, and when you think that could turn around and give more confidence to at least stability in the segment from a revenue perspective run rate.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, no problem. Yes, as you saw, 13.1% RMD margins in the quarter, we were very happy with that, as I mentioned just a minute ago. Think about 70 basis points of that as a pension tailwind that wont repeat. We also had about 40 basis points, Id say, of international mix, some acceleration of award timing that came through with the CFR liquidation. That helped RMD here in the first quarter. If you kind of adjust for those two items, youll see continued margin progression, again as the productivity improves through the year, so were still seeing that margin growth that we would expect absent those couple of items. 
Myles Walton: And Im sorry, bookings trends?
Neil Mitchill: The bookings trends, yes. You know, listen - a year ago, and in the past 18 months RMS has had some significant multi-year buys, so as we burned down the backlog there, our book to bill is a little bit lower. But later this year, we do expect next generation Interceptor - we talked about that, that will be over a billion dollar booking that well book here in the second quarter, LRSO and some other international Patriot awards that are forthcoming later in the year. So all in all, I still expect on a full year basis a book to bill of about 1.0 for RMD and RIS, for that matter.
Myles Walton: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Hey Greg, good sequential improvement from Pratt & Whitney on the large engine inductions. How are you thinking about, at least planning or visibility wise in the second half or at least as we move forward on the recovery, and then also maybe you could just highlight how Pratt Canada is doing, just given that were seeing a resurgence in biz jet flying activity. Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Yes Peter, so if you think about engine inductions, Vs, I think we had about 118 Vs into the shop in the first quarter, which is exactly on plan, and we expect that will accelerate, we think, throughout the year as domestic travel recovers. Right now, only about 60% of the V fleet is flying - again, it will come back, and compare that to the GTF powered fleet, which is in the high 80s. So again, there is a little bit of a lag in demand, but we fully expect were going to see a big sequential--or a sequential improvement.  Were not going to get back to 1,000 engines this year, probably not for two more years on the V, but were clearly going to trend that way as people need more lift in these domestic markets. Thats actually very encouraging.  As far as the rest of the aftermarket, talking about Pratt Canada, again good traction in their aftermarket. Were seeing biz jet flying hours are up, as you would imagine, significantly, and thats translating into some higher aftermarket. Keep in mind most of the engines that we have out there are on a power-by-the-hour arrangement, so we dont actually recognize the revenue or the cost until we see those engines come back. So flight hours are up, aftermarket is up, but its not as much as you might think just because of the nature of the contracts. The one area at Pratt Canada that continues to be a challenge is in the regional marketplace - you know, the PW100, the PW150 for regional transport. That market has been slower to recover. Its again something we expect to see next year, but certainly not a big uptick this year. Biz jet deliveries, engines are very solid, helicopter engine deliveries solid. Its really just the regionals that are the challenge right now for Pratt Canada. 
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color.
Neil Mitchill: Peter, its Neil. Just to go back on the Pratt shop visits, we still expect Q2 to Q4 shop visit growth in the 25% to 30% range, so all thats holding, as Greg mentioned - you know, good start to the first quarter, and then well see that back half growth.  The other point I would throw out there is were watching Europe obviously, but the majority of that V fleet and our planning around those shop visits, Id say 80% or more, 85% or more is not in the Europe region, so feel pretty good about that outlook.
Peter Arment: Appreciate those comments, thanks Neil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks, good morning. I think you mentioned that the Collins aftermarket was up 11% sequentially. I would imagine January and February werent very good. Can you talk about what you saw in March in terms of how quickly the airlines can turn it back on, and then maybe also what youre seeing in April?
Greg Hayes: David, I dont know that we want to get into month by month compares. I would say that directionally, that is absolutely correct. January and February were a little scary because, again, we saw an uptick in China in the virus and the U.S. was going through the last wave, and so air traffic was not picking up as fast as what we had expected it to.  That all turned around in March. With the vaccine rollout, with China getting the pandemic under control, things got remarkably better, and what surprised us a little bit was typically when we see a recovery in RPMs, its usually three to six months before we see a recovery in demand for parts and repair, but in this case, because youve got so many parked aircraft out there - think about 11,000 out of 30,000 around the world are parked today, and yet demand is coming back very quickly in the U.S. and in China. The airlines are actually being proactive in getting the aircraft ready for service in the summer selling season, and thats really what drove March, whats driving April, and I think which will benefit second quarter as the airlines are not waiting to see the RPMs. They see it in their advanced bookings and they know they need the lift. This is a very different kind of recovery than what we have seen in the past.
David Strauss: Okay, and I wanted to ask about the legacy Raytheon businesses and the margin expectation there. Those businesses were around 13% on average blended together pre the accounting adjustments and all of that. Is there anything structurally in terms of anything different about how we should think about where those margins can get to as youre able to start booking EACs again?
Neil Mitchill: Yes, let me give you a couple of thoughts. First of all, weve got to keep in mind that as we implement all these synergies, which are great, they do come with a give-back to our customer, which is great because it also makes us more competitive, so thats a factor that youve got to think about in the margins. But both those businesses are laser focused on driving productivity and cost reduction throughout their businesses. We do see the opportunity for margin expansion. Its going to be a great question for Wes and Roy at our upcoming investor day in May, where theyll talk a little bit more about that. Weve talked about the EAC reset. We do expect that to be--that issue to be largely behind us as we exit the year, so you could see a little bit more margin expansion throughout this year. But these are great businesses as we get into longer term production contracts. On the RMD side in particular, youll see margin expansion there, but you do have a replenishing of some of the programs, so weve had the Patriot missile program, very good program for us that will get replaced with the LTAMDS in the future, so there will be a little bit of a mix shift as the margin sort of transitions between those early LRIP contracts when you get into late 23 and 24, and we get out of the more mature programs that weve been in today. A lot of potential there.
David Strauss: All right, thanks very much, Neil and Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard : Thanks very much, good morning. I just wanted to follow up on Peters question about Pratt & Whitney and the other side of the engine portfolio there. I was wondering if you could tell us what youve been seeing on some of the older aircraft variants, engine variants that are out there and how freight has perhaps been helping those older aircraft out. Thank you. 
Greg Hayes: Yes, so if you think about the--so the freighters, if you think about Pratts installed base of 11,000-plus engines or so, about 10% of that is freighters. Those were old PW4000s, those are the 94-inch 767s and 747s. That has actually been a pleasant surprise, I would tell you, because freighter traffic, as everybody knows, is up significantly year over year, given the push of ecommerce and global supply chain. As we think about the aftermarket for Pratt, its not all bad news. Freighter traffic is good. At the same time, were starting to see some retirements of some of the older engines out there, not a significant number this year but pretty much in line with what we had expected, especially I think on the 112-inch - thats the 777. We saw JAL retiring their fleet - not a surprise. Its 12 months before we thought they were going to retire it, but that will be putting those aircraft down, but those engines will still end up in service someplace else, probably in a freighter configuration.  So again, the older stuff is still out there, its still a meaningful piece of the aftermarket. I think its about 20--
Neil Mitchill: About 25%, yes, so its still very significant and, frankly, that cargo traffic that you all know is considerably higher than it was even pre-pandemic has helped the shop visits at Pratt in 21.
Robert Stallard: And a quick follow-up, if I may, this may be a tough question, but how sustainable do you think this freight demand is likely to be? 
Greg Hayes: Look, as I look at how sustainable is ecommerce and this trend towards global supply chains, I think this is here to stay. The fact is global supply chains are stretched thin today, and freighters are the most efficient way to get parts from Point A to Point B, so I think this is not just a temporary phenomenon.
Robert Stallard: Thats great, thanks Greg.
Neil Mitchill: Deborah, well take one more question, please. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen.
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes, thanks so much. At our conference in February, Toby talked of 15% to 30% growth in commercial aftermarket at Collins over Q2 to Q4. That kind of seems like it fits with your full year guide, but it implies that commercial aftermarket moves up from the first quarter by something like $250 million, if theres an orderly build. Could you give us some more color on maybe the margin headwinds we look at, because you had this huge profit gain at Collins on basically lower volume sequentially from Q4 to Q1, and as Seth brought out, your guide for the rest of the year assumes basically not much margin improvement at all sequentially, and yet you should have very strong growth in your more lucrative part of your business.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks Cai. Just a couple thoughts here. As I think about the sequential growth in commercial aftermarket, Collins commercial aftermarket for the rest of the year, its a little bit lower than what we talked about in the first quarter, and thats because weve de-risked that a bit by the performance weve seen. Think about 5% in Q1 to Q2, maybe 10% Q2 to Q3, and another 5% or 8% in Q3 to Q4 in terms of growth. In terms of thinking about the strength that you saw in the first quarter, a lot of really good work on the cost containment, E&D and SG&A combined about $60 million of improvement, and that will come back because the team is phasing that investment during the year because were trying to be very prudent about the discretionary element of our spending until we see the recovery take a strong hold. Thats what I can share with you there. Appreciate the question. 
Cai Von Rumohr: Thanks so much.
Neil Mitchill: You bet.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Hayes for closing remarks.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thank you everyone for listening in today. I know its a busy earnings day out there, but appreciate everybodys time. Jennifer and Neil and the whole IR team will be available all day today to answer your questions, and we look forward to seeing you or talking to you on May 18. Take care. Bye bye.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Norma, and I'll be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are, Greg Hayes, Chief Executive Officer; Toby O'Brien, Chief Financial Officer; Neil Mitchill, Corporate Vice President and Financial Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations. This call is being carried live on the Internet, and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies' website at www.rtx.com.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, Norma, and good morning everyone. Welcome to 2021. So for those of you following along the webcast, we're going to start on slide 2. Just taking a look back on 2020, as painful as it was, it's obviously one of the most challenging years for our company, for the commercial aerospace industry at large and for everyone around the globe. But importantly, it was also a transformational year for us, as we created an industry-leading aerospace and defense company. I'm really proud of the way our team managed through the pandemic and continued to support our customers, our suppliers, and our communities without missing a beat. In many areas, we were able to accelerate our progress and we found new ways to increase our productivity that will be a part of how we operate going forward. So let me go over some of the highlights from 2020, and And we'll start with the portfolio transformation and integration. We obviously achieved two significant milestones this year by completing the separation of Otis and Carrier as standalone public companies as well as the merger that same day on April 3 with Raytheon Company to form Raytheon Technologies. This was a culmination of a multiyear effort to transform the company into an innovative and focused and leading aerospace and defense company that will define the future of the industry. In connection with this transformation, we also completed the divestiture of several businesses, including the sale of Forcepoint that closed earlier this month. All of that resulted in net proceeds of over $3 billion, further strengthening our financial position. We continue to strengthen our portfolio with strategic bolt-on acquisitions, and we'll continue to evaluate other non-core divestitures this year.
Toby O'Brien: Okay. Thanks, Greg. Moving on to slide 3. Let me first give you an update on some of the key actions we have taken to rightsize the cost structure of our organization. First, as Greg highlighted, we overdrove the cost reduction and cash conservation commitments we set early last year, and we'll see continued benefits from those actions in 2021 and beyond.  Next, on the synergy front, excellent momentum there as we exceeded both our RTX and Collins targets in 2020 with a significant increase anticipated in 2021. We also announced a number of other cost reductions that are more structural in nature. To start, we previously took the difficult action to reduce commercial headcount at Collins and Pratt by 15,000 and to eliminate 4,000 contractor roles.  We have recently reduced commercial headcount at Collins by another 1,500, bringing the total to 16,500; and contractors by another 500 bringing the total to approximately 4,500 contractors as we continue to position the business for strength as the industry recovers, reducing our total commercial aero headcount now by approximately 20%.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Toby. Starting with Collins Aerospace on slide 5. Adjusted sales were $4.4 billion in the quarter down 32% on an adjusted basis; and down 31% on an organic basis driven primarily by the adverse impact of COVID-19 on the industry. Sequentially, sales were up 3% driven by slight growth in commercial OE and aftermarket.  By channel, commercial OEM sales were down 41%, driven principally by the impact of the current environment lower 737 MAX and anticipated declines in legacy programs. Commercial aftermarket sales were down 48%, driven by a 47% decline in parts and repair a 58% decline in provisioning and a 46% decline in modifications and upgrades. Partially offsetting the headwinds in the commercial channels, defense sales were up 1% on an adjusted basis and up 7% organically driven by F-35, as well as growth in our avionics and actuation product lines.
Toby O'Brien: Thanks Neil. I'm now on Slide 9. Let me give you some perspective on how we see the current environment as we look ahead at 2021. As you know, we performed exceptionally well on our cost reduction and cash conservation actions in 2020. And as I've previously discussed, we'll see some continued benefit from these actions along with the incremental headcount actions at Collins which will be partially offset by headwinds from the reinstatement of merit increases and reduced furloughs. So, on a net year-over-year basis we expect this to be a $300 million benefit in 2021. On the merger and acquisition synergy front, we expect to deliver an incremental $610 million of gross RTX synergies and $85 million of incremental Collins synergies this year. And our liquidity position remains very strong. We ended 2020 with about $9 billion of cash on the balance sheet that has been further bolstered by the sale of our Forcepoint business that closed earlier this month. Moving now to the macro factors, while we in the industry will have a tough compare in the first quarter, the availability of multiple vaccines is encouraging. We expect the pace of the commercial aero recovery will depend upon the speed and breadth of vaccination rollouts across the world. As a result, we expect sequential RPM growth to accelerate as we progress through the year. Consistent with recent travel trends, we expect narrow-body and regional traffic to rebound before wide-body, particularly due to the continued international border restrictions. For the third consecutive quarter, we saw continued improvements in utilization across the GTF-powered A320neo fleets as well as solid utilization of the A220 platform and the fleets powered by Pratt's V2500 engines. Looking longer term, we continue to expect that it will take until at least 2023, for commercial traffic to return to 2019 levels. We continue to expect defense program growth to remain robust, both domestically and internationally. We remain confident in our ability to grow those businesses even in a flat budgetary environment, due to our strength with international customers, our innovative technologies and our positions in high-growth areas. With that backdrop, let me tell you how we see the year ahead. Moving to slide 10, at an RTX level we expect full year 2021 sales to be between $63.4 billion and $65.4 billion, and adjusted earnings per share of $3.40 to $3.70. And as Greg said, we expect free cash flow of approximately $4.5 billion. Keep in mind, with the Forcepoint sale that closed earlier this month, we have divested four businesses in the last year, which combined create about $1 billion of sales headwind year-over-year. I should point out, that our ranges for 2021 are a bit wider than we would typically provide, driven entirely by the macro factors impacting our commercial aero businesses. With our ranges, we are attempting to capture the potential variability we may encounter, given the current environment and the speed of the vaccine rollout, revenue passenger miles and the behaviors of our customers. As the year progresses and as we have more clarity, we would expect to narrow our outlook ranges. As I mentioned, the first quarter will be a tough compare, as the effects of the pandemic did not materialize until Q2. Therefore in the first quarter, we expect to see declines in our commercial businesses, similar to what we saw in the second half of 2020. With that context, we have bi-furcated our outlook, between what we are expecting in Q1 versus the Q2 to Q4 periods. So, for Q1, we see sales in the range of $14.8 billion to $15.4 billion, EPS in the range of $0.70 to $0.75 per share. And we expect to see a cash outflow due to seasonal factors and timing of collections. We expect the vaccine rollout, easing of international travel restrictions and increasing RPMs will enable sales growth to accelerate from Q2 onward, with total company sales growing between 5% and 8% on an adjusted basis and between 7% and 10% organically on a year-over-year basis for the Q2 to Q4 period. As a result, we see EPS growing approximately $1.10 year-over-year at the midpoint of our outlook range, in the Q2 to Q4 period. Because of the unique environment we're facing let me take you through some of the key assumptions, in our outlook. At a macro level, our assumptions for Collins and Pratt are based on vaccines being widely available in the U.S. by midyear, that there isn't another wave of the pandemic and that, RPMs improve meaningfully during the year. For example, in order for us to see the high end of our commercial aero ranges, we need to see sequential RPM improvement throughout the peak summer travel season of 20% to 30% each quarter, leading to a 40% to 50% year-over-year improvement. We are also assuming that load factors improve along with RPMs and corresponding growth in available seat miles which fuels our aftermarket. For RMD and RIS, we also expect volume to increase sequentially, as we execute on our strong backlog and that the DoD budget is implemented without delays. We also expect sequential margin improvement as our programs percent complete increase and approach a more normalized pre-merger level as we exit 2021. With that, let's move to slide 11 for the segment outlooks. You'll notice that we've included our sales and operating profit expectations for the year. Given the tough compare in Q1, we've also included our Q2 to Q4 outlook here as well. I should note, that the major variable for Collins and Pratt is the trajectory and mix of the aftermarket recovery, as you'd expect. I'll start with Collins, where we see sales for the year down high to low single-digits on an adjusted basis and down mid-single to down slightly on an organic basis. We expect full year operating profit to be in the range of down $275 million to up $25 million versus last year. I should note that military sales at Collins are expected to be up low to mid-single digits organically for the year. As we think about Q2 to Q4, we are assuming that we see a 20% to 30% year-over-year recovery in parts and repair sales and a 15% to 25% recovery of mods and upgrades and provisioning sales that drive total sales growth over the Q2 to Q4 period of mid-single to low double-digits. Turning now to Pratt & Whitney. We expect sales to be flat to up mid-single digits for the year and operating profit to be in the range of down $125 million to up $25 million. Military sales at Pratt are expected to be down slightly to roughly in line with last year after growing 14% in 2020. As we think about Q2 to Q4, we expect legacy large commercial engine shop visits to be up 25% to 30% year-over-year, which drive sales growth over the Q2 to Q4 period of low double-digits to mid-teens. Turning to the defense businesses. Let me first mention that we'll talk about these segments on a pro forma basis. First, this means we'll talk about both segments as though they were part of RTX for all of 2020. Second, we have aligned our reconnaissance and targeting systems and electrooptical innovations product lines from RMD segment to RIS to better align the businesses, which we've also recast. A summary of pro forma 2020 results inclusive of these impacts can be found in the webcast appendix. So at Raytheon Intelligence & Space, we expect full year sales to grow low to mid-single digits with strength coming from classified programs in ISR and space. And we see operating profit growing $125 million to $175 million. I should note here that as we look at Q2 to Q4, operating profit is expected to be up $175 million to $200 million. And at Raytheon Missiles & Defense, we expect sales to grow low to mid-single digits, driven by volume growth across multiple programs. We see operating profit up $25 million to $75 million. It's also worth noting that as we look at Q2 to Q4, RMD's operating profit is expected to be up $150 million to $175 million. Moving to Slide 12. We have provided an outlook for some below-the-line items. I'll also mention that we've included a multiyear pension outlook in the webcast appendix. Now turning to Slide 13 for our 2021 EPS walk, starting with the segments. While they're expected to be relatively flat for the year, as you can see, that's driven by the tough compare in Q1. We expect the segments to generate a little over $0.90 of EPS growth at the midpoint of the outlook range in the last nine months of the year. Pension will be a significant tailwind, primarily driven by adjustments to legacy plans, favorable interest rate movements and favorable asset performance. Our adjusted effective tax rate in 2021 is expected to be about 19% versus 17.5% in 2020 resulting from higher projections of U.S. income as well as some favorable tax results in 2020 related to prior years, which aren't expected to repeat. This will result in a $0.09 headwind. And corporate expenses interest and all other will be an $0.18 headwind at the midpoint of the range, primarily driven by a step-up for LTAMDS, as the program continues to achieve its development milestones in 2021, as well as costs achieve synergies and some higher interest expense. All of this brings us to our outlook range of $3.40 to $3.70. Now turning to free cash flow on Slide 14, just a few comments here before I turn it back over to Greg. As you know, we had $2.3 billion of full year pro forma free cash flow in 2020. When you take into account the 2021 timers that we've discussed, the extraordinary strength of RMD's international collections and the discretionary pension contributions we made, we saw a normalized operational free cash flow of about $3.5 billion in 2020. From there, as I've discussed previously, we expect about $500 million in 2021 cost to achieve RTX synergies and restructuring and to invest about $600 million in capital to implement structural cost-reduction actions that we've announced. Finally, we expect about $2.1 billion of operational growth, driven by improvements in working capital and operating profit to bring us to our outlook of about $4.5 billion of free cash flow for the full year. With that, I'll hand it back over to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Toby. So I know there's a lot of data that we just went through as it relates to the 2021 outlook. It's important that you understand kind of the baseline of what we're thinking as we provide the guidance for 2021. Obviously, first quarter is going to be a very tough compare because of the record Q1 we had in 2020. But we do remain confident in the full year outlook as well as the recovery in the back half of the year. Before I go on to the final slide here so number 15 for those of you following along. But before I go into our priorities, let me just take a minute to thank every member of the Raytheon Technologies team for their efforts in navigating a year of unprecedented challenges and particularly those on the production line and those in the SCIFs that came to work every single day during the pandemic to make sure we could meet our customer commitments. Really an incredible effort and that we thank you all. Okay. Let me close on an overview of our priorities. First, obviously, we're going to continue to support our employees, our customers and our suppliers as we always do. We do see brighter days ahead with the rollout of the vaccine, but we'll continue to remain vigilant about the health and safety of our employees. One of the priorities in supporting our employees, of course, is to promote a more diverse and inclusive workforce. DE&I remains high on our agenda and it's an imperative for how we do business. This will make us a better company, a better employer, and a better member of our community. To that end, I'm pleased to announce the appointment of a Chief Diversity Officer, Marie Sylla-Dixon, who joined RTX at the beginning of January. She's going to accelerate our ongoing initiatives. She's a member of my executive leadership team, and she's wasted no time in getting to work. Marie is responsible for leading our diversity equity and inclusion strategy and implementing the major initiatives of the four pillars of that strategy, that is talent management, community engagement, public policy and supplier diversity. Next, priority is continuing to invest and develop leading-edge technology and innovation. A key tenet of the merger was identifying ways to leverage our R&D capabilities and innovative technologies across both the commercial aerospace and defense markets, and bringing them together to create advanced products and solutions to meet our customers' complex and emerging needs. These technologies have the potential to generate billions of dollars in revenue synergies over their lifetime and are key enablers to capturing the full value of the Raytheon Technologies mergers. Executing on the integration also remains a key priority. We remain on track to deliver over $1 billion in gross cost synergies from the Raytheon merger, as well as $600 million in synergies from the Rockwell Collins acquisition. We're, of course, also continuing to be laser-focused on driving structural cost reduction. We've already executed on some significant actions and the team is working on a pipeline of additional opportunities. And of course, we're going to remain disciplined with our capital allocation balanced between investments in the business and returning cash to shareowners. Looking ahead, I remain excited about the future of the business as we approach the one-year anniversary of the merger closing. Our balanced and diversified portfolio of industry-leading commercial aerospace and defense businesses are resilient across business and economic cycles. And I'm extremely confident that commercial aerospace will recover. It's not a question of if, it's simply a question of when. And when it does recover, our focus on cost productivity investments and technology will position us to deliver higher margins, strong cash flow and significant value to our shareowners and our customers. So with that, I know a lot of data -- a lot of ground we covered, but let me open it up for questions. Norma?
Operator: Thank you.  The first question will come from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Good morning. Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Hey, David.
David Strauss: Good morning, Greg. Yes, definitely a lot of data, appreciate it, taking me a couple of hours go through all that. Wanted to circle back on Collins and Pratt, and I guess the Q2 through Q4 guidance, could you give us any help in how we should think about kind of the exit margin rate at the end of 2021? Is Collins close to -- back close to double-digits and is Pratt kind of in the mid single-digit range? Just trying to think about where we exit the year. Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: Yes. David, this is Toby. Let me start and then if Greg wants to add, he can jump in. I think, the best way to think about it is to talk about and do a little contrast and compare around decremental and incremental margins. In the case of Collins -- and I'll kind of walk through the full year to give you the complete picture. In the case of Collins, we're going to see Q1 to be similar to what we saw in the back half of the year. Think of decrementals around 50%, again given the tough compare and the lower volume. That said, as we progress through the last nine months of the year, including into the back half of the year, we're looking at average 80% incremental margins -- aftermarket recoveries and in combination with the effects of the cost-reduction actions that we've taken. So, really good performance there based upon the assumptions that we talked about for the recovery. In the case of Pratt, a little bit different. Decrementals in the first quarter similar to Q2 and Q3 of last year around 40%, and then incremental margins in the Q2 to Q4 time frame on average about 30%, and what youve got to remember, you have the knock-on effect of the higher OE deliveries on the GTF and the negative engine margin that has some impact there. So, of course, as we said, we qualified and gave you our assumptions on what it takes to get this type of improvement, but we feel confident in the ranges we provided and the ability of the businesses to hit these targets.
David Strauss: Great. Thanks very much. That's all very helpful. 
Toby O'Brien: Sure. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Myles Walton of UBS. Your line is open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you could touch a little bit on slide 13 versus 14 and the walk from 2020 to 2021. It looks like from the operational level, there's not much of a help in the EPS walk, but there's this big operational growth bucket that drives you from $2.3 billion to $4.5 billion on the cash flow side. So, maybe you could just unpack that operational growth bucket and why it doesn't show up in the earnings?
Toby O'Brien: Yeah. So I think, Myles, it's Toby the  on page 13, when you look at the first element of that walk, the segments, it's essentially flat, almost $1 to the negative right because of Q1 and the tough compare, and as we said about the same just $0.90 at the midpoint of improvement in the second half. So, really what you're seeing on the EPS is the effects of Q1. If you go to 14, so let me try to give you a little color on the $2.1 billion on the operational growth, right? Really think of it in three buckets: a couple of $300 million related to higher operating income, another roughly $300 million related to favorable pension performance on our assets, right? So, over and above the prepayment that we did, another $300 million there and that leaves you with about $1.5 billion. And that's really all operational working capital related, primarily at the aero businesses at Pratt and Collins. And I'll give you that, and to kind of break that down further into two pieces. If you look at our pro forma financial statements on the face of it, it would show that in 2020 we consumed  or working capital was about a $300 million headwind overall. And then on the slide, you can see we bust out the $800 million of RMD favorability on the collection. So if you normalize for that, it's more like $1.1 billion. And if you were to just hold that constant, have no erosion, you're going to have $1 billion, $1.1 billion benefit in 2021, and then on top of that, we've targeted another call it $400 million to $500 million of working capital inventory type of improvement that make up the balance of that. So, we're very pleased with how Pratt and Collins as we mentioned, especially Collins in our opening comments worked the inventory equation and the working capital in 2021, really good results in the second half of the year, and we expect to see continued improvement to drive our cash flow in 2021 as well.
Myles Walton: Thats great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Rob.
Toby O'Brien: Hey, Rob.
Robert Stallard: This one is for Greg or maybe for Toby. If everything goes to plan in 2021, you're actually going to be adding to the $9 billion of liquidity by the look of it. As we look into next year or the year beyond, what do you think is a more realistic level of liquidity to have on the balance sheet moving forward?
Greg Hayes: Let me start, and then Toby will correct me. As you think about it, I think we mentioned this in the early comments, weve got about $3 billion of excess cash on the balance sheet today because of the divestitures. And so as you think about 2021, we'll generate say roughly $4.5 billion, $3 billion of that goes to pay the dividend. And so that is the first priority for free cash flow, but we'll use another $1.5 billion for share buyback and maybe that will be a little bit more than that, we'll see, but I think -- we don't think we need $9 billion on the balance sheet. There's plenty of liquidity. We've got lines of credit out there. I would expect you'd see that $9 billion probably more in the $6 billion range long term, which gives us flexibility whether it's for some bolt-on M&A, or for some additional share buyback. And again, I think what's important is, we're going to return the $18 billion to $20 billion that we had committed to, but we want to grow the dividend as earnings continue to improve, and we want to be opportunistic. If we continue to see the share price kind of languishing in the 60s, we're going to be aggressive on share buyback. And again, we've got the capability to do that. We've got a very strong balance sheet. And we paid down $1 billion of debt in November. We've got another I think $0.5 billion this year to pay down. But the debt markets are still open and debt is cheap, so we're going to keep our options open. No big M&A. But obviously, share buyback will be the first  or the second priority after the dividend.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thank you for the time.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I wanted to ask about defense. Just given the EAC adjustments that we should be factoring in maybe for 2021 why aren't margins really expanding there and not really big incremental profit growth? Maybe, Toby, if you could touch upon that?
Toby O'Brien: Yeah. So, I'll hit on both businesses separately. In both cases, we do expect to see some sequential improvement. In the case of RIS, there still is a little bit of a drag even though it lessens quarter-by-quarter, because of the EAC reset. I think in the comments we had in the opening comments, we talked about by the time we're exiting next this year not next year exiting 2021, we'd expect the EAC reset to be a nonfactor not talking about it anymore. So, you still see a little bit of that impacting RIS. You see the same for RMD. The other thing that RMD has -- so they're growing. Their revenue growth is really driven by the -- not the acceleration but the ramp-up on the multiyear award, the SM-3 SM-6 multiyear awards. And there's a little bit of a mix issue. Some of their mature international production programs are as expected winding down. So, while they're seeing some improvement it is a little bit muted because of those two factors. But longer term, we'd expect both of those businesses exiting 2021 into 2022 knowing what we know today to be able to continue to improve the margins going forward as well.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good. Thank you.
Toby O'Brien: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Epstein of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ron Epstein: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Greg Hayes: Good morning Ron.
Ron Epstein: When you think about all the cost actions you've taken and the realignment and all that how much of that do you see as permanent? And how much of that's going to come back when volume comes back? And then along the same lines how do you know you haven't cut too deep right when you think about the engineering force that you got rid of and so on and so forth. I mean how do you know you didn't kind of cut into the bone?
Greg Hayes: Well, look I think we were aggressive in 2020 in terms of taking cost out. I think Toby took you through the numbers. We'll have about 20,000, 21,000 positions will have come out of the organization on the commercial side of the business over the last nine months between contractors and full-time employees. And clearly on the production side we'll see some folks added back as volume comes back. I think what -- if you would talk to Steve Timm at Collins and Chris Calio at Pratt, what they'll tell you though is what they don't want to do is bring back all of the indirects. And as Toby was alluding to we'll see very strong incremental margins on the upside. We did cut R&D. And again I think that was all appropriate. We've pushed out some programs. But that R&D some of that will come back but I don't think that we have stopped investing in anything that's key to the long-term. And if you think about -- even as we go into 2021, we're going to invest $5 billion, $2.5 billion of CapEx and another $2.5 billion of company-funded engineering. So, we're going to continue to invest where we need to and we're going to continue to have a very lean cost structure really to support this business going forward. And again what we want to do is drive margins higher, right? We still remain committed to the Collins margins up near 20% as the recovery comes through; as well as Pratt kind of the mid-teens margin. And to do that you're going to have to be focused on costs. So, we cut deep. We cut where we had to. But I don't think we have sacrificed the future in any way.
Toby O'Brien: No. And I think Ron the only thing I'd add spot on with what Greg said. Even on the headcount reductions on the direct side as we continue to advance our focus on automation and digital and how we operate the business we're obviously going to look to as Greg alluded to right drive the margins and therefore not necessarily just automatically bring the direct part of the workforce back. And we certainly are going to look to not have any of the indirect come back. And remember there was about $1 billion worth of labor savings as a result of that and maybe half and half direct and indirect. And also all -- if not most all of that indirect won't come back. And some portion of the direct will but I don't think it all will.
Ron Epstein: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Thanks Ron.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning gentlemen.
Greg Hayes: Good morning.
Carter Copeland: Hey. Greg or Toby, I wonder if you could give us a little bit more color on this RMD DCS contract and just sort of what happened there in terms of regulatory approval. Is this a contract you were working on expecting approval or a contract with a customer that got truncated because of something? Just help us understand the -- what went on there. And is there any risk of similar sort of contracts happening again in the future? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Yes. So, this is a legacy contract that we had for a customer in the Middle East. And obviously we can't talk about the customer. If you go back and look at the 10-K, you can probably figure out what specifically this is. But we had taken this contract. It was a direct foreign sale and we had assumed that we were going to get a license to provide these offensive weapon systems to our customer. With the change in administration, it becomes less likely that we're going to be able to get a license for this. And so we appropriately decided that we could no longer support the booking of that contract. It's not to say it won't ever happen but we took I think a conservative view to say given the new administration it's unlikely we're going to get a license for these offensive weapon systems for this Middle Eastern customer. Again, it's really the only one we have out there and again this is an offensive weapons system. If you think about Patriot and some of the other defensive systems, we have no issues with getting licenses. But offensive weapons a little bit more difficult. And so as we go forward, what we're going to do is we'll work with the DoD. We'll try and do these through FMS as opposed through direct foreign sales to make sure we've got alignment with DoD and the administration before we book any of these. But this is really kind of a -- it was a big contract, but it's a one-off and there's really not much else out there like this.
Toby O'Brien: The only thing I would add Carter to what Greg commented on. We had a track record where we were successful on other similar contracts in the past in obtaining all the approvals. Even in this, one here what really flipped us to the fact of it not being probable was as Greg said the change in the administration. It was notified under the prior administration, just a little bit late in the game to get to the process. So our judgment changed and now we don't believe it's probable. And as Greg said, we did the proper accounting based upon that change in view.
Carter Copeland: Okay. That's great. Does it signal any change of sorts in your growth expectations in that part of the world?
Greg Hayes: No, no, no. Look peace is not going to break out in the Middle East anytime soon. So I think it remains an area where we'll continue to see solid growth. But again, it's just the nature of this weapon system is such that it's more difficult to sell it on a direct basis versus an FMS basis.
Toby O'Brien: And this particular product right, the offense ammunition, the dependency in our revenue profile had been declining year-over-year. The volume on this peaked maybe three, four, five years ago. I may be off by a year or two, but it's certainly not material going forward and we didn't have a material expectation on it contributing to the results going forward.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thanks for the color guys.
Toby O'Brien: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning everyone.
Greg Hayes: Noah.
Toby O'Brien: Hey, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Just going back to the effort to piece together the Collins and Pratt segment guidance. I guess to get into both the full year and then also the 2Q to 4Q Collins revenue guidance, it's just -- it's not a lot of growth in the back half despite the very easy compares and the potential for air travel to be recovering. It basically looks like that low $4 billion quarterly run rate that you stepped down to you would just kind of stay at through the entire year. And so have you just made very conservative aftermarket assumptions given that has the most -- kind of the widest range of possible outcomes in the near term? And then with the Collins margin on that an 80% incremental is a big number. I guess, how do you get that with that limited volume recovery? And therefore, is it safe to keep that next year with a better volume recovery before then settling into something more normal after that?
Greg Hayes: So Noah, let me try and start in on that. I think what you have to think about in terms of the Collins and Pratt story is on the OE side the OEM side you are not going to see much growth in the back half of the year, right? That really is -- in fact, we're actually going to see on the Collins side probably a drop in OE because of the 787 going from 12 to five aircraft. Even with 737 coming online, we've already delivered about one-third of the inventory for the full year production at Boeing. So we're just not going to see a big step-up in the OE. So think about that as flat. On the -- and the same holds true at Pratt, right? We expect roughly flat production for A320s during the course of the year. Now there may be some upside, if they go to -- from 40 to 47, but we'll see. There's a lot of white tail sitting out there right now. So we're prepared to support it if it does. But frankly, we think we may be conservative. Keep in mind, that doesn't help margins, that actually hurts margin if OE goes up. What's important to keep in mind though is the aftermarket. And I think we have been optimistic in terms of the Collins aftermarket. But after a tough first quarter, we expect sequentially 10% growth each quarter in the Collins aftermarket from Q2 to Q3 to Q4. And margins obviously will get sequentially better because obviously the aftermarket growth is much better margin than the OE side. At the same time, provisioning which is a big piece of the aftermarket at Collins is probably not going to grow much because again that's all tied to OE delivery. So again, I think we've got a pretty decent recovery path on aftermarket. Could it be better? Perhaps. But keep in mind we're sitting here at the end of January. Q2 has got to grow 10% and then Q3. That means air traffic has got to start picking up soon. And RPM has got to continue to grow throughout the course of the year.
Toby O'Brien: And so Noah to Greg's point, you're going to have that compounding effect of that sequential quarter-over-quarter growth. And you will see in this range here when you unpack it down just to the aftermarket as Greg said you will see especially as we get towards the end of the year, the growth in the aftermarket in both of those businesses high-teens 25% 30%, right? So there is some substantial growth expected from aftermarket and it is the one variable here that we are really trying to assess when we provided the level -- the ranges that we did for the year.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Yes. I mean, if I have OE flat and then the defense piece still growing and then aftermarket growing 10%, it's just spinning out higher numbers but...
Toby O'Brien: I mean -- yes. Remember Pratt though defense is flattish, right? We had a real strong growth this past year 14%. So defense at Pratt at least is going to be more on the flat side. It could even be down a tad.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Okay, I will keep iterating that, but I appreciate all the color. Thanks so much.
Toby O'Brien: Thanks, Noah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kristine Liwag: Hey. Good morning, guys. 
Toby O'Brien: Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Hi.
Kristine Liwag: As air traffic recovers, how quickly should we expect commercial aerospace aftermarket to come back? Is it a concurrent recovery, or do you expect to see a delay? And I guess to put it another way to what degree would these cash conservation actions from airlines affect the pace of that growth?
Greg Hayes: So I think, what we have seen historically is a lag between when we see RPM start to pick-up versus when we see aftermarket start to pick-up. Now we know that the airlines have done a lot in terms of cash conservation in 2020. They have deferred a lot of maintenance. They have diminished their inventory. So we're actually expecting to see a quicker rebound this time in the aftermarket than what we have seen historically because of the very, very deep cuts that the airlines have made in their stock of inventory. So it won't be a six-month delay, but it may be a few -- maybe a quarter off. But again, we're already starting to see inputs pick-up a little bit as air traffic has started to come back. And again it's simply a matter of time and we've got 10% growth as I said in Q2, Q3, Q4. That assumes we're going to see RPM growth in that same range. 
Toby O'Brien: Yes. And you're getting it right, Kristine notwithstanding what Greg said about where there have been things that have been deferred that may create a demand a little bit earlier. Typically, you'd see the RPMs increase drive load factors up that in turn drive available seat miles up. And there is a lag there because it's really those ASMs in a normal environment that are going to drive the aftermarket for us. And that's where historically and as we've referenced before that we have seen a potential lag of six months plus or minus. One difference here as Greg said, we've got some pent-up demand, I guess, is the way to think of it that is a little bit of a mitigator towards that as we move through the year. 
Kristine Liwag: Thank you.
Toby O'Brien: Thank you, Kristine.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. Your line is open.
Peter Arment: Hi, yes. Good morning. Hey, Greg. Regarding the free cash flow outlook the $4.5 billion. When we think about just the onetime structural CapEx investment outside of that you'd be probably over or near 100% conversion as you kind of approach the one year, kind of, mark on this merger. How are you thinking about your ability to kind of sustain that kind of 100% free cash flow conversion when we think about the longer term? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Peter, I think, as we've targeted and we did prior to the merger we still think we can be generating $8 billion to $9 billion of free cash flow as the market recovers. And I think these cash conservation actions that we've taken some of them -- some of this is structural cost reduction all of that is going to help free cash flow over the long-term. So I don't think -- think about that $4.5 billion normalized if you take out the investments north of $5 billion that's going to continue to grow over the next several years back to that $8 billion to $9 billion that we had forecast. So there's no impediments in my mind to hitting 100% free cash flow and net income. We don't have to make bigger investments in CapEx. I'd tell you the one challenge as we look at cash flow in the out-years of course is the R&D amortization, the change in the tax law which will force us to capitalize R&D and then amortize it over five years, but we'll see what happens with corporate taxes. That's a 2022-2023 issue not a 2021 issue.
Peter Arment: Appreciate that. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our Q&A portion. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Hayes for any further remarks. 
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, Norma and thank you everyone for listening in. And as always, Neil and the whole IR team is available to answer your questions. I want to thank you all for listening in. Everybody stay healthy and be well. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Joelle, and I'll be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. On the call today are, Greg Hayes, Chief Executive Officer; Toby O'Brien, Chief Financial Officer; and Neil Mitchill, Corporate Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations. This call is being carried live on the Internet and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies' website at www.rtx.com.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, Joelle, and good morning, everyone. For those of you following along, we're on Slide 2 of the webcast, just to spend a minute talking a little bit about the current environment. We've now passed the six month mark as Raytheon Technologies and I would tell you, I'm proud of the job the team has done with the integration, despite the fact that most of the work has to be done remotely. We obviously continue to operate in midst of one of the most difficult times the industry has seen. But we remain focused on delivering for our customers and protecting the health and safety of our people. Through the pandemic, we continued to invest in technology and innovation that's going to drive long-term growth while also maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation and implementing tough but necessary cost reductions, including some structural cost actions that we will talk about later. Notwithstanding that environment, we delivered solid results in the quarter and we're pleased with the progress we've made with our merger integration and the decisive actions that will position us to emerge from the pandemic in a position of strength. Sales for the quarter were in line with expectations and adjusted EPS and free cash flow were better than expected. In fact, free cash flow was significantly better than expected at about $1.2 billion. On the defense side, backlog remains robust, over $70 billion. We've had exceptional bookings this year and we expect both of our RIS and RMD businesses to end 2020 with record backlog. At the same time, we continue to focus on what we can control.
Toby O'Brien: Okay. Thanks, Greg. I'm on Slide 4. While commercial aero headwinds persisted in Q3, our performance was generally better than we had expected. Adjusted sales were $15 billion, up about $400 million sequentially over Q2 including the stub period. Adjusted EPS was $0.58, better than our expectations, driven by acceleration of our cost mitigation actions and continued strength of military volume at Pratt and Collins. The lower effective tax rate in the quarter also contributed to a few cents of improvement. On a GAAP basis, EPS from continuing operations was $0.10 per share, down year-over-year and included $0.48 of net non-recurring and/or significant items and acquisition accounting adjustments. This includes a net gain on dispositions of $0.17 per share, which was more than offset by $0.27 of acquisition accounting adjustments, primarily related to intangible amortization $0.26 related to charges due to the current economic environment, driven by the COVID-19 pandemic and $0.12 of restructuring. Free cash flow of $1.2 billion was better than expected and included about $600 million of merger costs, restructuring and tax payments on divestitures. The better than expected cash flow was driven primarily by the timing of collections at RMD as well as in our commercial aero businesses and accelerated realization of our cash conservation actions, including inventory reductions at Collins. Moving to Slide 5, let me share with you a few data points that demonstrate the resiliency of our portfolio. Bookings at RIS and RMD have been exceptionally strong over the last year as demonstrated by the trailing 12-month book-to-bill ratios, where both businesses are well above 1, positioning us for continued growth across our franchises, both domestically and internationally. About 40% of the backlog at these businesses is for international customers. And military sales growth at Collins and Pratt continues to be very strong with organic sales growing 8% and 11% in the quarter and that's on top of 10% and 13%, respectively, in the first half of the year.
Neil Mitchell: Thanks, Toby. Starting with Collins Aerospace on Slide 6, adjusted sales were $4.3 billion in the quarter, down 34% on an adjusted basis and down 33% on an organic basis, driven primarily by the adverse impact of COVID-19 on the industry. By channel, commercial OEM sales were down 44%, driven principally by the impact of COVID-19, the continued 737 MAX grounding and the anticipated declines in legacy programs. Commercial aftermarket sales were down 52%, driven by a 51% decline in parts and repair, a 67% decline in provisioning, and a 44% decline in modifications and upgrades. Partially offsetting the headwinds in the commercial channels, defense sales were up 4% on an adjusted basis and up 8% organically, with strength across many of our key platforms and product lines. Adjusted operating profit of $73 million was down $1.2 billion from prior year and slightly better than our expectations for the quarter. Cost management actions, including lower E&D, continued synergy capture, and drop-through on higher defense sales were more than offset by lower commercial OEM and aftermarket sales and fixed cost headwinds. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we see Collins' fourth quarter sales and operating profit in line with Q3 and for the year, organic military sales are now expected to be up high single digit. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney, on Slide 7, adjusted sales of $3.8 billion were down 34% on an organic basis and down 28% on an adjusted basis, also driven by the adverse impact of COVID-19 on the industry. Commercial OEM sales were down 30%, driven by lower deliveries across Pratt's large commercial engine and Pratt Canada platforms, with the exception of the PW800 which saw a slight growth in the quarter. Commercial aftermarket sales were down 51% in the quarter. Growth in the GTF aftermarket volume was more than offset by the impact of a reduction in legacy large commercial engine shop visit inductions of about 55% and a 37% reduction in Pratt Canada shop visits.
Toby O'Brien: Okay. Thanks, Neil. I'm on Slide 10. Let me give you a little perspective on the current environment as we look to close out the year. As we've seen throughout the year, military program growth remains robust, both domestically and internationally, and is contributing to our defense sales growth and our defense backlog. This backlog provides the foundation for future growth as we look ahead. As Greg mentioned, we also continue to execute on our previously initiated actions, including both synergies from our recent merger and the continuation of the Collins integration synergies and we're well ahead of the targets we set in Q1 for our cost and cash actions, with only 35% of our cost and about 25% of cash actions to go in the fourth quarter. Turning to the macro factors, commercial aero end markets remain uncertain. We saw a slight improvement in global travel in the third quarter and our Q4 expectations anticipate a slight improvement above Q3 levels. We are continuing to track air traffic trends and the condition of airlines on a daily basis, but the recovery remains slow. With that said, let me tell you how we see Q4. As we think about what this means for our business as a whole, we continue to see a gradual recovery in our commercial aero businesses beginning in Q4, combined with an inspected ramp at RIS and RMD contributing to Q4 company sales of between $16.2 billion and $16.4 billion. Moving to adjusted EPS, the continued defense growth, gradual demand recovery in commercial aero, and realization of additional synergies and cost actions are expected to drive EPS of $0.65 to $0.70 per share. Just a couple of things to keep in mind. We have provided an updated outlook on some below the line items as well as an update to the RIS and RMD outlooks in the webcast appendix. Also keep in mind that the fourth quarter will include about a $0.04 impact due to the incremental expenditures associated with the implementation of COVID protocols across our businesses, bringing the full-year cost to about $0.16 or in line with our previous expectations. Now turning to free cash flow, we continue to expect full year pro forma 2020 free cash flow of roughly $2 billion. This includes an outflow of about $1.2 billion for merger costs, restructuring, and tax on dispositions as we have previously discussed. In summary, we expect the fourth quarter to be another challenging quarter for our commercial aerospace segments, but continue to expect strong growth from our defense businesses. So, with that, I'll hand it back over to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thanks, Toby. So, first of all, let's just talk about priorities and then we'll get to Q&A. Obviously, first and foremost, it's the health and safety of all of our employees and keeping those people safe is job number one. And I'd be remiss if I didn't say thank you to all those folks who continue to come to the office, come to the factories, meet our customers' commitments. Yeomen's  work and really the shoutout to the great work that's been done over these last six months. Of course customers remain at the heart of everything we do and this is about customer centricity and solving our customers' most difficult technical challenges remains our mission. And of course, keeping the supply chain healthy and robust is essential. On top of that, of course, though, we need to continue to invest in technology and product innovation. Even in these difficult times, we continue to spend money on next generation technology, both on the commercial aero and on the defense side of our business. Of course, we're going to continue to execute on the integration and deliver the synergies that we've committed to, the $1 billion plus that we'll see at the corporate offices from the Raytheon UTC merger as well as the $600 million of synergies that we've committed to from the Rockwell Collins acquisition. We are also of course going to continue to drive structural cost reduction. We've talked about a couple of those already, but there are more out there and we're going to continue to drive that as we always do. And lastly, we're going to remain disciplined in our capital deployment and maintain strong liquidity. Obviously with $10 billion on the balance sheet at the end of the quarter, we feel very good about where we are, but we're going to remain disciplined. We do remain committed to the $18 billion to $20 billion of capital return to share shareowners during the first four years of the merger and we see that that -- the path to that very clearly today. So, with that, let's stop and Joelle, let's take some questions.
Operator: Thank you.  The first question will come from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Your line is now open.
Peter Arment: Yes, good morning, Greg, Toby, Neil.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Arment: Maybe this is just for Toby and maybe Greg you may comment about it. Just trying to get a clarification on the unfavorable contract adjustment at Pratt & Whitney, I think $543 million. Can you give us maybe some more details on that and just what we expect if this is related to kind of power by the hour contracts, how we see that playing out? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: Sure. So, there were three pieces to this, Peter. All of them were non-cash. So the charge was all non-cash related. They were all distinct and unique to specific circumstances. In one case, we secured a longer term, which will end up resulting in more predictable efforts on our part and a longer contract, which extends the life of that particular fleet. So that's good for the customer and good for us. The second one here, we revisited our estimates of flight patterns in light of the COVID-19 pandemic related to one customer and made an adjustment related to that. And then the last part of this, we took an impairment charge on some assets associated with a program where we've seen the development pushed out to the right or delayed. So three different situations, but all in total all non-cash related.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, gentlemen.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Carter
Carter Copeland: Greg, maybe correct me if I heard you wrong, did you say 20% to 25% square foot reduction? Did I get that number, right?
Greg Hayes: That is correct. We've got about 31 million square feet of office space. The original goal is to take about 10% of that out as part of the merger. We think we can more than double that with the kind of the new working arrangements that we've all become accustomed to. So the office of the future as we call it will be a mix of both office as well as people that will be working remotely.
Carter Copeland: So, if I think about that across the segments, obviously I guess as part of the evolution in the cost reduction, it would be much larger than that in the commercial side of the aerospace businesses, but it seems like a big number.
Greg Hayes: It seems like a big number Carter and, look, the fact we had 31 million square feet of office space seem like a really big number to me, but at the same time, for these last six months, as I've toured the country and visited facilities where we've got literally a handful of folks working there and everybody else is being efficient working remotely, it became very apparent. We don't need all the space. And I think the ability to work remotely with the technology that we have without losing productivity is essential in our go-forward plan. So there is a significant amount of cost to take out. Obviously we're going to start with our least offices and we've got a plan over the next five years to reduce that significantly. And again that's easy cost savings in my mind.
Carter Copeland: And so the Pratt, that first one on the Pratt consolidation and the new facility there is -- so that's just consolidation of that footprint, not in-sourcing efforts or anything like that, just pure cost reduction?
Greg Hayes: No, there is a whole series of things that Pratt is doing associated with this new facility we're building down in North Carolina. Some of it will be in-sourcing work from the supply chain, some of it will involve moving work from high cost to lower cost locations. Again, this is a multi-year program, but it's absolutely essential. We need the capacity because eventually demand will return and I think by the time this comes online in late 2023, we should see a return to kind of normalcy in commercial aerospace and Pratt will be well positioned with a much lower cost much, more automated production facility.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. Thanks for the color, Greg.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Carter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ron Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys.,
Greg Hayes: Hey, Ron
Ron Epstein: Greg, maybe a bigger strategic question following up on your last comment. If you're thinking about the market getting back to some level of normalcy late '23, '24 or something like that and you look at your own balance sheet and you compare it to that of your competitors, particularly in the engine business, how are you going to use that balance sheet as we go into the recovery to your advantage? You look at Rolls, they seem kind of impaired. GE is a shadow of what they once were. So Pratt is sitting here with the strongest balance sheet in the industry, so how do you think about that?
Greg Hayes: So, I think there is a couple of thoughts, Ron. Obviously, we were not going to go out and buy. We don't need to do any big M&A. I'll say that first and foremost. We will be opportunistic. There are a few things out there from a technology standpoint that you'll see us doing here. But those are, I would say, relatively low dollar types of transactions. It really just fills in some blanks in the canvas. The next opportunity I think is going to be, do we go back to share buyback. I think you will see that start up again next year. We think with the balance sheet that we've got, with the cash on hand, with the sale of Forcepoint now, there will be plenty of cash to start that back up next year. And if you think about the other thing we're going to try and do on the Pratt side is, we're going to continue to try and gain market share. And I don't mean to be reckless about it, but over the last year and a half or so, we picked up about 12 points of market share. We went from 43% to about 55% on the A320 family. And we think that's a reflection both of the technology as well as the efficiency that you're getting with the GTF engine. So we're going to use the advantage that we have to continue to gain market share and we're also going to continue to invest. And I think, Ron, as you know, this, you have to invest for the long term. It takes 10 years to develop an engine. It takes years and years to develop new radar systems, new weapon systems, and so we have to stay on the leading edge of technology. I want to use the dollars that we have to continue to strengthen the leading position we have in those markets.
Ron Epstein: Great. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Ron.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Harned with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Hey, Doug.
Doug Harned: I wanted to understand a little more about how you're thinking about the trajectory on the aftermarket at Pratt, because I mean in that adjustment that Toby just talked about there, there is -- I think you said $400 million in there related to pandemic-related cost reduction -- cost adjustments. So when you think about this going forward, given that there is a fair amount of uncertainty around how we're going to see this recovery play out, how do you think about these adjustments? When are they appropriate to be adjustments and when do they become more normal issues if this extends for two or three years?
Greg Hayes: So, Doug, let me be clear. As we took a look at all of the contracts that Pratt has, all the long-term contracts that Collins has this quarter, these three stood out as, I would say, things that needed to be adjusted based upon our view of the kind of return of normalcy to commercial air traffic. So we've taken a look at every -- I don't expect there is going to be a lot more out there like this. This is very unusual, the size of these adjustments. But, as you know, these -- some of those contracts were pretty onerous. This is some of the original early GTF contracts that were impacted by the pandemic and with the downturn in traffic, it was just natural to have to take these adjustments. The fact is, we don't think you're going to see a return to normalcy until probably mid-2023 at the earliest in terms of passenger traffic. And as a result, you're just not going to have the number of flying hours that we had expected. If it gets better, there might be upside on some of these contracts. We think we've covered the downside by all of these adjustments that we made. The same with the impairments that we took last quarter at Collins. Again, we think we have properly sized all of these now for what we believe to be the shape of the recovery and it's clearly not a V, all right. This is going to be a long, slow recovery. If you think about it, Pratt is -- let's see, Pratt's shop visits in the quarter, right, down about 55%. That's a little bit better than what we saw in the second quarter, which was down 64%, but that's going to take a long time to get back to the 2019 levels. And of course, all that is what plays into these contract adjustments.
Doug Harned: So, is it fair to say that -- your sense is that even though we may have a tough Q4 ahead of us, Q4 maybe even Q1, that the adjustments that you've taken now, we're not likely to see another round of those given what you're seeing in the market?
Greg Hayes: Well, I can never say never, but I would tell you, based on the assumptions that we've made in terms of this very slow recovery of air traffic and again our models pretty much mirror what IATA has been doing in terms of the recovery trajectory. Obviously what's going on right now with the resurgence of COVID is pressure testing those, but even with this second or third wave, whatever you want to call it, we still feel pretty comfortable with the models that we've used to make these contract adjustments to look at the impairment analysis are all pretty rock solid. Toby, any...
Toby O'Brien: No, I think that's right, Greg. I mean, Doug, we have -- we're very comfortable with where we are, what we've taken adjustments on it. As Greg just described, I'll just reiterate his point. We can never say never because as an example, in our assumptions here, right, we have an assumption as an example that there will be a vaccine at a point in time. And obviously if that pushes right, keeps pushing right and people don't feel comfortable back to flying, then we'd have to revisit things. But the teams have done a good job working with our commercial customers to assess their situation. And again, as Greg said, we believe we've captured everything that we know about here through the Q3 results.
Doug Harned: Okay, thank you.
Toby O'Brien: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. My question was on Collins. How do we think about 1% margins in the quarter? And perhaps the contraction relative to peers is much steeper and I appreciate there is some idle facility costs in there too. Can you maybe bridge the profit decline today and how we think about that improvement back-to-high teens eventually?
Neil Mitchell : Sheila, thanks, it's Neil. How are you doing? We're obviously watching the Collins margins. There's a lot of great cost reduction going on within the business, taking E&D down. Obviously, the head count merit furloughs. But I think when I think about the Collins margin story, this is -- really what you're seeing here is really strong aftermarket drop through that's not occurring right now. So we feel very good about the cost actions that are in place at Collins. And when that volume does return, and remember, typically that's about a six month lag from kind of when traffic recovers, we should start to see really good incremental margins at the Collins business. But I think they have taken all the right actions right now within their portfolio to address the immediate cost headwinds. We should see that come back as the market comes back. I don't know, Toby, if there was more that you wanted to add there?
Toby O'Brien: No, I think you hit that right on. I mean, we saw 55% decrementals at Collins in Q2, right, and that's taken into account, as Neil said, the cost actions that we've implemented to-date. And it's a reflection of the strength of that aftermarket and how strong the business units within Collins are and 100% reinforce what Neil said. We should see the opposite on the upswing. There may be a lag, that six to nine month lag that Neil talked about and the mix of business, right. The mix of the revenue could skew things in any given quarter. But generally speaking, we'd expect to recapture that on the upside.
Greg Hayes: Sheila, I would just make two other points. Obviously, the aftermarket at Collins is very profitable. I think everybody knows this, especially on the software side. And obviously we don't have the ADSP mandates this year, which is again a big chunk of the margin degradation. The other thing I just want to emphasize what Toby said. We have been burning down backlog at Collins. And so even though the aftermarket is down, I don't know, 50%, 55% here, we have been burning down backlog, getting past due. I don't expect we're going to see a upturn in aftermarket until sometime next year. Even if we start to see a recovery in the fourth quarter in commercial air traffic, which is still a question mark, I don't think anybody should be focused on 2021 to see a big uptick in the commercial aftermarket, primarily at Collins because there's a lot of excess material out there. There's a lot of folks still trying to do what they can to minimize costs. So this is not a one quarter, two quarter problem. It's going to be here for a while, but it is exactly as we had laid out in our outlook. So I wouldn't worry about other than the fact that everybody just needs to be aware, this is not a quick recovery in the aftermarket.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS. Your line is now open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Myles.
Myles Walton: You talked about the structural cost and you have Slide 3 in the deck and maybe it's just me, but I'm trying to reconcile the cost initiatives to long-term structural savings. And I know you did that with the Pratt turbine facility, but is there a way that you can sort of simplify all the actions you're doing and talk about it in the construct of run rate savings that you will be able to benefit from on an ongoing basis versus temporary cost reductions that come back into the system as you release temporary furloughs or pay merit deferrals and things like that?
Greg Hayes: Myles, you actually hit on a good point, because a chunk of those savings this year are indeed, I would say, one-time cost savings. For instance, the furlough days, I think Pratt is taking 15 furlough days, Collins a similar number this year. Those types of cost reductions do in fact become headwind as we think about next year. Some of the other things -- so there is a merit deferral, there's the furloughs, again all those headwinds into next year. But at the same time, as I think about, we've reduced about 20% of the headcount on the commercial aero side this year so far. About half of that, I would say, will eventually come back as volume comes back. The key as you talk to both Chris Calio at Pratt and Steve Timm to Collins Aerospace is, we got to keep the other 50% from coming back. And that's what's going to give us leverage on the upside when we do indeed see a return to normalcy in air traffic. So again some headwinds next year from some of these temporary cost reductions, but there is long term structural cost reductions. Is it primarily overhead is you would expect, right. This is kind of taking folks out of procurement, taking layers of management out, reducing overhead really across the board. Again, all of it should lead to long term a much more efficient organization there.
Myles Walton: Is it maybe half of the cost actions -- cost initiatives are structural?
Toby O'Brien: So, I think the thing I'd add in, Myles, Greg focused a lot on the labor-related or employee-related cost there, right. Remember, we had a bucket around E&D reduction and also discretionary cost, right. So I think those two elements of our $2 billion, I think, you'd expect that we'd be able to sustain those so that there would be no headwind or tailwind, generally speaking, in 2021 relative to those two buckets. We would expect a favorable in 2021. We'd expect, related to all the employee-related actions, when you net the puts and takes, maybe $100 million, $200 million of favorability or tailwind, all else equal in 2021.
Myles Walton: Okay, thank you.
Toby O'Brien: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kristine Liwag: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Greg Hayes: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: Greg, with cash generation stable, how do you think about investing in next generation technology and sustainability? I mean, after COVID-19, carbon emissions in aviation would still be an industry issue. How do you think of investments in capabilities like hydrogen powered aircraft, especially with Pratt's long history with hydrogen?
Greg Hayes: Yes, so that's actually a great question. Hydrogen obviously is a zero emission fuel. It's got better power density then Jet A. It does have a little bit of a storage problem on aircraft. You can't put hydrogen tanks into the wings of an aircraft. So what you're talking about from a commercial aerospace standpoint is probably a 2035 or so entry into service of a hydrogen-powered aircraft. We continue to work with that. For us, on the engine side, whether you're burning Jet A or whether you're burning hydrogen, it is not that different technical problem and I think we're pretty well positioned there to help with the aircraft OEMs as the exporters. Airbus has an active program on hydrogen, I suspect going well as well. But again, we're sitting here in 2020, that is a 15-year time horizon. We're going to continue to invest because, as you say, sustainability will be an issue. Now the GTF, we are in a long way, right. There was a 16% better fuel burn, about 50% better on the emissions. Even that, we've recognized we've got to do better. So, we're going to invest in hydrogen. We're also going to invest in hydrogen on the defense side because I think what you'll see is VOD money will come faster than some of the money that the commercial OEMs want to invest in this. So, we're well positioned. We've got the technology. And I think it is the future of aviation, but it's a way out.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Rob.
Toby O'Brien: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Toby, a technical question for you. Obviously a better than expected on the Q3 cash flow, but you didn't raise the cash guidance for the year. So I was wondering if you could explain some of the moving parts there.
Toby O'Brien: Yes. So, as Greg mentioned and I did, I mean, we're real pleased with what the teams have been able to do around cash flow, in particular. The favorability here that we saw in the quarter, primarily timing related at RMD and Collins related to customer collections. And we also saw some inventory reductions ahead of schedule, primarily at Collins and a little bit of favorability on the timing of some cash tax payments. But again, real strong performance. When we think about the year and we maintain the $2 billion, as you said, we think we have some flexibility there, some opportunity, again timing related around collections. We may be looking at potentially funding discretionary pension contribution that we're considering and still be able to deliver the $2 billion in the pro forma free cash flow. So we're feeling good about it for the year, highly confident delivering that along with some of the flexibility that I just mentioned.
Robert Stallard: That's great. Thank you.
Toby O'Brien: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: I guess, Greg, first of all, any sort of update on the MAX, when do you expect to start to shipping there. And a follow-up on cash flow. I think, Greg, you had previously mentioned in some public appearance that you expect significant growth in adjusted earnings next year. How are you thinking about cash flow next year once you add back the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion one-time cost that are running through cash flow this year? Would you expect free cash flow to actually grow next year off that base? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: All right. Well, let me start with the MAX and we'll have Toby take you through your cash question. Although, just to be clear, we're not going to give guidance on 2021 today. You guys will have to wait as we sort through all this. But as far as the MAX goes, I think we have delivered all the black label software that's all being installed now. You saw Europe has already granted the certificate back on the MAX and return to flight. We expect we'll see here in the late November, early December, the US airlines start to return MAX to service. All of that is very good news I think in the long term. It's not going to have a huge impact on Collins next year. As we said, we've delivered most of the inventory associated with the ramp up next -- for next year's production. I think, right now we probably have, I don't know, 80% or so of the inventory already delivered to Boeing to support 2021 production. So, you'll see a gradual ramp up in 737 at Collins, but it's pretty small in the back half of the year.
Toby O'Brien: So, on cash, David, a couple of things, right. Just to reinforce, we feel good about the ability of the business to generate cash flow, as we work up the recovery curve here in the pandemic and as Greg said earlier, we remain committed to the $18 billion to $20 billion of cash being returned to shareholders. That said, at a high level, yes, we would expect 2021 cash to be better than this year. But that said, without giving you a number per se, let me give you a couple of the moving pieces just for folks to think about for 2021. So, kind of along the lines of Myles' question about the cost actions, the majority of the savings related to the planned cash actions this year we think are sustainable for next year, right. So kind of a push, if you will, on a year-over-year comparative basis. That said, we will have some non-recurring cash items of that $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. There could be $500 million to $600 million of that that would extend next year. That would be a headwind. The way we're thinking about CapEx, we have a goal to keep it on an operational basis similar levels as 2020. I just mentioned that given the strength of our cash flow this year, we maybe have some flexibility in our considering a discretionary pension contribution. And in part, pension, while it will still be cash flow positive next year, it won't be as positive there. There is, call it, $850 million of headwind due to higher required contributions that again depending upon how we see this year playing out, we may address this year and we will see some incremental spend on the structural actions related in particular to the couple of things Greg mentioned about the new facility and how we're thinking of our office space, as well as synergies. Again, that could be $0.5 billion in that ballpark there. From a working capital point of view, we would expect or do expect improved turns in 2021 where we're -- believe we're going to be able to sustain current levels of working capital until we see the volume start to recover. So, still a lot of moving pieces and of course, the other thing here, we've had a really strong year in cash on the defense side of the house. Some of that's timing. So we're going to have to factor in how sustainable that is over the 2021 timeframe. And of course again probably the biggest variable here is the shape of the recovery and how the volumes come back in the related cash flows. So a lot of moving pieces here and as Greg said, we'll quantify on this tier on our Q4 call in January.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Spingarn: Hi, good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning,
Robert Spingarn: Toby, just wanted to follow up on what you're talking about with cash flow. Maybe set a base on the defense side, if we could shine a little light there. But if we think about Raytheon free cash flow $3.6 billion last year and UTX defense cash has to be fairly substantial and again they're both growing this year. Can we think about 2020 defense free cash flow ballpark $5 billion? Is that a fair place to be before we then start factoring in everything you just talked about?
Toby O'Brien: 2020 defense cash flow including Pratt and Collins?
Robert Spingarn: Yes.
Toby O'Brien: So, I think what we've said, Rob, and this hasn't changed too much, right, maybe a little bit, but we had talked about the $3.5 billion, $3.6 billion that you mentioned for Raytheon in kind of from 2019 and seeing that play out here this year. I think we'd also said that back in 2019 that Pratt and Collins component was close to $4 billion last year. Obviously, a big impact to that this year. We are seeing strength this year on the Raytheon side of the house, particularly at RMD with collections. And again, the question is, will that continue here in the fourth quarter and provide some flexibility. But that's really give and take between '20 and '21 obviously, right, if that happens to continue. And then for this year, we had also said Pratt and Collins combined including the military was around breakeven, give or take, right. And again, we're seeing things play out generally that way with a little bit of favorability on the legacy Raytheon side going forward. I don't know if I'd get into the $5 billion. I think that's maybe a bridge too far right now to go that far with overall defense cash flow.
Robert Spingarn: And then just, Greg, a clarification. You mentioned a lot of excess material, I think you were talking about Collins. But just in general, are you seeing more USM activity now than earlier in the pandemic and what's the trend on that?
Greg Hayes: I'm sorry, one more time with the -- you're talking about usable material...
Robert Spingarn: Used serviceable material. Yes, competing with your spares at both businesses, I suspect.
Greg Hayes: Yes. So, look it is obviously something that we keep a handle on. There is a large influx of used material primarily because there have been a slew of retirements. Now, if you think about that on the Pratt & Whitney side, that's primarily some of the old Pratt's 2000 and PW4000. Those were nearing the end of their useful life. We weren't seeing a huge amount of aftermarket anyways, because it was already serviceable material out there. There is a lot more now. Obviously the GTF, not so much. We haven't -- we still got our arms around that. And even on the V, I mean, you're still flying that plane. It's still one of the more efficient. So not a big concern of serviceable material on the Pratt side today, although we'll keep an eye on it as time goes on. The Collins side, it's obviously a lot more complicated, given the diversity of the product line. But there is some serviceable material out there. It is I think already having an impact. It's one of the reasons why aftermarket is down the way it is. And that's again why we're cautious about the recovery trend on Collins aftermarket. Again, everybody is doing everything they can from a cash conservation standpoint and that is even cannibalizing aircraft to keep other aircraft flying. So, I think until we see a return to normalcy and until the airlines can get to a positive cash flow status operationally, I think we're going to continue to see pressure from serviceable material. But again that's in the numbers already and it will continue here for some time.
Robert Spingarn: Thank you.
Toby O'Brien: I'll just add one thing to that. Greg mentioned it at the aftermarket, the way it's performing right now. One of the reasons it is, is because time of material is down, but visits under contract are there, the customers have paid for those as the engines have flown and they are coming into the shop with a slightly different work scope. But we do like our position with those engines that are under contract and that will position us well for continued aftermarket when the recovery occurs. So, we're going to take one more question, Joelle, and then we'll wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Noah
Noah Poponak: In whatever year global air traffic is back to 2019 levels, without speculating or specifying that year, just whatever year that is, in that year, do your pre-pandemic merged company cash flow targets stand?
Greg Hayes: I wish my crystal ball was that clear. What I will tell you, Noah, is that there will be a divergence in terms of the timing for when you see 2019 levels of air traffic or passenger traffic recover. There will probably be a six to nine month delay before we see our overall aftermarket business on the commercial side pick back up. At the same time, I think we feel really good about the defense side of the business. So whatever year that is, will things be back to normal, who knows? All I would say is, we're going to position ourselves so when the recovery does come, we're in a much better position from a cost standpoint. So in fact, cash may actually be good by the time that recovers, just because of all the costs that we've taken out of the business. But clearly the aftermarket will be the bellwether in terms of when we see a full return to normalcy.
Toby O'Brien: We may get there in different way than we had envisioned when the merger was contemplated, to Greg's point, and if we don't, it would just be that, call it, six month delay, because of the timing of the aftermarket. But other than that, all else equal, knowing what we know today, I think your statement would directionally be correct.
Noah Poponak: Okay, great. And then just one clarification for the items you gave us for cash flow next year, Toby.
Toby O'Brien: Yes.
Noah Poponak: If I heard you correctly, you were describing working capital as being approximately flat year-over-year on the balance sheet. So approximately no change on the balance sheet and therefore the bridge from EBITDA to free cash flow for the year would be better in 2021 compared to 2020 by whatever this final few billion dollars of negative working capital is going to be in 2020.
Toby O'Brien: I think what we're saying is, with the actions that we've put in place this year where we're three quarters of the way through and a big chunk of that close to $1 billion, right, was inventory related reduction. When we exit the year, we feel we're going to be at a way -- a point where we can sustain that level, see turns improve in 2021 until we start to see more of a return in the volume as we work up that recovery curve.
Noah Poponak: So basically, is it the case that you do not expect any major year-over-year change in working capital on the balance sheet '21 versus '20?
Toby O'Brien: Right now, today that's our going-in assumption, but I think as Greg said, we'll give you more of a detailed update in January. We'll try -- what we wanted to try to do here, absent guidance or an outlook for '21 is at least give you some of the major moving pieces on it. So any of these could change a little bit, but...
Noah Poponak: And working capital is always a moving target. I'm just trying to figure out such a giant number again like it was this year or...
Toby O'Brien: No, I think, give or take for now, I would say, your thought process is okay.
Noah Poponak: Okay, thanks very much.
Toby O'Brien: Yes, sure.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thank you all for listening. Just a wrap up thought. I know everybody's mind is focused on the pandemic and the significant impact it's had on commercial air traffic and on our commercial businesses. Clearly difficult times, but I would remind everyone, two-thirds of our business is defense related and those businesses remain strong with over $70 billion of backlog. That defense business also gives us the ability to continue to invest through this cycle and to make sure that we have the right technologies for the future. So, I know it's tough out there, but I think everybody should keep in mind, we're in this for the long term. We've got great liquidity, great cash position, and great people, and great technology. So, with that, thank you all for listening. Neil and the crew will be around all day today and tomorrow to take any follow-up questions. Have a great day and stay safe. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Raytheon Technologies Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ursula, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning. And welcome to the Raytheon Technologies second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Greg Hayes, our Chief Executive Officer; Toby OBrien, our Chief Financial Officer; and Neil Mitchell, Corporate Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations. This call is being carried live on the internet and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies website at www.rtx.com. Please note except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations excluding net non-recurring and/or significant items and acquisition accounting adjustments, often referred to by management as other significant items. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTCs SEC filings, including its Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. You may ask further questions by reinserting yourself into the queue as time permits. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Kelsey, and good morning, everyone. Im on slide two of the webcast here. Let me just begin by providing an update on some of the current priorities and highlights of Q2. As everyone knows, these last several months have been incredibly challenging. However, we remain focused on supporting our key stakeholders and that starts with ensuring the health and safety of all of our employees. That is our number one priority. We also remain committed to delivering for our customers across commercial aerospace and defense. On the defense side, that means providing our customers with mission critical products and services in the U.S. and internationally. On the commercial aero side, that means supporting customers during this very difficult time to make sure that planes fly safely, especially as airlines begin to ramp up capacity again. We also continue to engage with our suppliers ensuring that they have the support needed to maintain stability while also working with them to make their processes more efficient. Just a word on the merger, now were just about 100 days into this and I would tell you that we remain focused on the integration across the organization and on delivering our cost and revenue synergies.
Toby OBrien: Okay. Thanks, Greg. Im on slide three. As Greg mentioned, no surprise, Q2 was a challenging quarter. Before going through the second quarter results, its worth noting that since the merger completed on April 3rd, our second quarter results include legacy Raytheon company from that point forward. Adjusted sales were $14.3 billion and better than our expectations due to better volume at Collins, Pratt and RMD. Adjusted EPS was $0.40, also better than our expectations driven by accelerated progress on our cost mitigation actions in the quarter favorable volume primarily at Collins and RMD, and the adjustment for certain charges driven by the impact of COVID-19 on the industry and economy. On a GAAP basis EPS from continuing operations was a loss of $2.56 per share, down year-over-year, which included $2.96 of net non-recurring and/or significant items, and acquisition accounting adjustments. Of which $2.34 was related to charges due to the current economic environment, primarily driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, with the largest piece being $2.13 related to an impairment of Collins Aerospace goodwill and intangibles, and the remainder attributable to customer bankruptcies and collection risk, and contract charges from anticipated lower future flight utilization. The other $0.62 consists principally of $0.28 of acquisition accounting adjustments, primarily related to intangible amortization, $0.21 of restructuring and $0.04 of merger and integration related expenses. Free cash flow was better than expected at an outflow of $248 million, including $165 million of merger cost and restructuring. The better than expected cash flow was driven primarily by the timing of advances and collections, as well as accelerated progress on our announced cash mitigation actions including inventory reduction at Collins. Moving on to slide four. While the second quarter was as challenging as expected, we continue to see a number of trends that confirm the resiliency of our balanced portfolio. Our defense backlog was up versus the first quarter and grew to a new record of $73.1 billion. RIS had a book-to-bill ratio in the quarter of 1.17 and RMD of 1.22, giving us a consolidated RIS and RMD book-to-bill ratio of 1.2. Collins Military and Pratt Military also had strong sales growth in the quarter, growing 10% and 11%, respectively. Positive news that our franchises are healthy and will support solid growth in our defense portfolio for the next few years.
Neil Mitchell: Thank you, Toby. Starting with Collins Aerospace on slide five. Adjusted sales were $4.3 billion in the quarter, down 36% on an organic basis and down 35% on an adjusted basis, driven primarily by the adverse impacts of COVID-19 on the aerospace industry. Commercial OEM sales were down 53% driven by lower volume across all platforms, including the continued 737 Max grounding and anticipated declines in legacy programs. Commercial aftermarket sales were down 48%, driven by a 45% decline in parts and repair, a 57% decline in provisioning and a 45% decline in modifications and upgrades. Partially offsetting the headwinds in the commercial channels, military sales were up 10%, driven by strength across key platforms and product lines, including higher F-35 volume. We also saw growth on development contracts in the quarter. Adjusted operating profit of $24 million was down $1.3 billion from prior year, dropped through on higher military sales, aggressive cost management actions including lower A&D and continued synergy capture were more than offset by lower commercial OEM and aftermarket sales and fixed cost headwinds. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on slide six. Adjusted sales of $3.6 billion were down 32% on an organic basis and down 30% on an adjusted basis, also driven primarily by the pandemics impact on OEMs and operators. Commercial OEM sales were down 42% driven by lower deliveries across Pratts large commercial engine and Pratt Canada platforms, with the exception of the PW800, which saw slight growth in the quarter. Commercial aftermarket sales were down 51% in the quarter, growth in the GTF aftermarket was more than offset by the impact of a 64% reduction in legacy large commercial engine shop visit inductions and an approximate 40% reduction in Pratt Canada shop visit. Ramping JSF production continues to drive sales growth at Pratts military business. Military sales were up 11% due to higher aftermarket sales across key platforms and increased F-35 production volume. Adjusted operating profit of a loss of $151 million was down $603 million from the prior year. Significant aftermarket volume reductions, fixed cost headwinds and unfavorable military contract adjustments more than offset drop through on higher military sales, cost mitigation actions and slightly lower negative engine margin. Turning now to slide seven. RIS reported sales were $3.3 billion, pro forma sales, including the four days stub period were $3.5 billion. Sales were primary impacted by expected declines in the Warfighter FOCUS program, which represented a little over 4 points of sales headwind and that was partially offset by higher airborne system sales and broad growth across other RIS programs.
Toby OBrien: Thanks, Neil. Im on slide nine now. As you know, there are a number of factors, some headwinds, some tail winds and the number of unknowns affecting the macro environment and our business going forward. Lets start with the positives. Military program growth remains robust, both domestically and internationally, and is contributing to our strong defense sales growth and a record defense backlog, nothing really changing here from our previous expectations. We also continue to execute on important actions to position the business for long-term value creation. Our merger synergies are progressing well and we remain on track to deliver nearly $200 million of gross RTX synergies and an incremental $150 million of Rockwell Collins acquisition cost synergies this year, which will bring the total for Rockwell to $450 million of our $600 million target. We are also on track to deliver our previously discussed $2 billion of cost savings and $4 billion of cash conservation actions in 2020 and we will continue to manage the business proactively to respond to the current and developing environment. We now expect to realize approximately 30% of our announced cost actions in Q3 and approximately 40% in Q4. This is after we already achieved around 30% of our cost actions in Q2. And as Greg highlighted, our liquidity position remains very strong and we have ample financial flexibility. Its no surprise, however, that given COVID-19, the overall macro environment and commercial air traffic in particular are significant unknowns. We are tracking air travel trends across the globe on a daily basis. While they are generally improving, recovery is slow, and while we continue to monitor these trends, as Greg said, we now see the recovery being protracted over several years at least through 2023. We also continue to monitor the financial condition of global airlines and the health of the supply chain. Given the significance of these factors on our business, there continues to be too much uncertainty to provide an outlook. But let me tell you, how were thinking about the second half of the year. Lets start with Collins. We continue to see commercial OE sales down in line with OEM production levels and aircraft delivery schedules. Generally consistent with the decline we saw in Q2. We see Collins commercial aftermarket sales down in line with expected RPM declines and the impact of the ADSB mandate headwinds. Where we expect Q3 sales will largely be in line with Q2 plus or minus and expect to see a gradual recovery in Q4. For Pratt, we continue to see commercial OE sales in line with our main OEM customers, similar to what we saw in Q2. Well, GTF overhaul activity continues as we upgrade to the latest configuration, we expect Pratts aftermarket sales to be down given the more than 50% decline in legacy shop visits. We still expect that Pratt Canada will be down in the back half of the year, but not as severely as the large commercial engine business due to the differences in their end markets with business jet and general aviation markets showing better recovery. Moving to the military portion of Collins and Pratt, we continue to see strength in military sales and still expect to see mid single-digit growth, excluding the impact of the two pending Collins divestitures. So, again, no change here. I will also note, there arent any changes to the RIS or RMD sales or adjusted operating profit outlooks that we gave on our first quarter call. As we think about what this means for our business as a whole, we continue to think Q2 will likely be the lowest quarterly sales and EPS in 2020. Looking at sales in the back half of the year, we would expect sequential sales improvement, modest in Q3 and then better Q4. For EPS, we would expect Q3 to generally be in line with Q2 with some puts and takes, and then a gradual recovery beginning in Q4, as demand begins to return and more of our cost actions are realized. A couple of other items to keep in mind for the second half of the year, as we have discussed, weve implemented significant COVID protocols across our businesses and are incurring a number of incremental expenditures associated with the pandemic, including enhanced facility cleaning, employee temperature scanning, higher freight cost and other COVID related in efficiencies. We expect around $0.08 of EPS headwind related to these costs for the rest of the year. More than initially expected, bringing the full year total cost to approximately $0.16 of a headwind. For free cash flow, we still expect pro forma 2020 free cash flow for the full year of roughly $2 billion. This includes an outflow of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion for merger cost restructuring and cash taxes on dispositions as we have previously discussed. As we think about our cash actions, we still expect to realize the majority of the benefit in the back half of the year, with approximately 30% of our cash actions in Q3 and approximately 45% in Q4. In summary, we expect the rest of the year to be challenging for our commercial aerospace segments, but continue to expect good growth from our defense businesses and were positioning the company for a strong recovery. With that, Ill hand it back over to Greg to wrap things up.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Toby. Were on slide 10 now and maybe just a couple of points. I think, obviously, a lot going on in the quarter, a lot of uncertainty out there. I think, just to be clear on a couple of things. While theres a lot of uncertainty, were going to remain focused on supporting our employees, our customers and our suppliers. This includes ensuring the health and safety of our workforce, first and foremost. But also delivering advanced technologies and innovative products for our customers and working with our suppliers to maintain the stability of the supply chain. I guess, its important to remember, in the quarter, we still invested $500 million in A&D on a commercial aero side. This isnt  important as we think about the long-term. Were not going to sacrifice long-term for short-term. Were going to take some tough cost actions. Were going to do what we need to do but were going to continue to invest for the future. And of course, were going to continue to execute on the integration of the merger and the Rockwell acquisition, as Toby said, and weve got a clear path to meet or exceed those expected synergies. Also, I think, it is important to remember, were going to remain disciplined with our capital, ensuring that we maintain financial flexibility, while prioritizing capital areas that will maximize value for our customers and shareowners. Despite all the uncertainty out there, we still remain committed to return $18 billion to $20 billion of cash to our shareholders in the first four years after this merger. As I said, were also taking a hard look at the businesses given the environment and the prolonged recovery, and were going to take additional actions as we think is -- are appropriate. We will be nimble. Were going to remain focused on what we can control and were going to adapt to the current environment and position our commercial aero businesses for growth, while also maintaining solid growth on the defense portfolio. Overall, the opportunities and furloughs remain significant and Im confident were going to emerge from this crisis in a position of strength and deliver sustainable long-term value for our customers, for employees, our shareholders. So, with that, Ursula, lets open it up to questions. Thanks everyone.
Operator:  The first question will come from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you. I guess Greg or Toby, your biggest diva driver Collins declined 98% year-over-year, yet free cash flow was essentially breakeven. So can you maybe talk about free cash flow trends in aero or commercial? And what youre seeing in terms of working capital and cost savings. Toby, you mentioned is, running at 30% ahead of your 10% target, so any thoughts on those moving pieces and how it relates to free cash flow in 2020 and going forward?
Toby OBrien: Yeah. So, Ill take the last part of that first, Sheila, that, the $2 billion of cost actions, $4 billion of cash preservation conservation actions are assumed and they were assumed back in Q1 and the $2 billion for the year. The good news is, were seeing accelerated execution on those and realization. Obviously, that helps to derisk the back half of the year. In the quarter, obviously, the drop through of 30% versus wed expected about 10%, that 20% incremental improvement helps cash flow at both Pratt and Collins. So that was a good guy in the quarter compared to our expectations. And I believe that both Pratt and Collins are also doing a really good job of managing their inventory. I think Collins held it flat through the first part of the quarter and actually saw a little bit of a reduction as we move through to the end of June, which contributed to some of the favorability of the Q2 cash flow there. So things are on or ahead of schedule, but again, really timing related relative to the work, the Pratt and the Collins teams have done to accelerate those actions. And the other thing Id throw in there, we saw real strong collections from a cash flow point of view on some large international collections at RMD, not the commercial aero side of the house but RMD that favorably impacted Q2 and those were expected in the back half of the year as well.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Sheila. Its Greg. Just to highlight just a couple of things. Again, weve got $1 billion of cash actions in the first quarter. And that was without or second quarter rather -- thats without really impacting our inventories. Yet, were really just starting to see the benefits of inventory reduction in the supply chain. If you think about the -- by the fourth quarter, we would expect probably a $0.5 billion of tailwind from reduced material inputs. Youre also going to see a ramp up in savings from headcount actions. Again, about half of this cost savings in the first quarter -- second quarter were headcount related, that number is going to almost double by the end of the year. So, again, were taking the actions and were really confident were going to see these improvements throughout the rest of the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Toby OBrien: Thanks, Sheila.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Rob.
Toby OBrien: Hi, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Its pretty one for Greg and its more of a conceptual question. Basically, we seem 2Q airline activity if you are at RPMs or ASMs down a huge number, 80% or 90% and your aftermarkets, I think, down around 50%. Whats the risk that aftermarket could actually get worse from here, given this disconnect between the revenues youve seen and what the airlines have seen in 2Q?
Greg Hayes: I think, Rob, what you need to think about is, what is the actual number of aircraft flying today. We think its the total flights are down about 50% and so well air passenger traffic is down 80%, which is better than the 95% it was. Theres still planes out there flying around and around, again down 50%. Thats really what were basing the outlook on. Obviously, as we think about the pieces of the aftermarket, some pieces are more impacted. If I think about spare parts for instance at Collins Aerospace, which is a key driver of profitability, that was down almost 75% in the quarter. Repair was down like 55%. The forecast, Toby, was talking about for the back half of the year, assumes a modest recovery, picking up in Q4 and I think thats the key as we think about the back half of the year is, will we see that modest recovery, and again, the recovery is going to take several years. But right now its hard to imagine, probably, getting anything worse than what we saw in Q2, assuming, again, this -- we still see about 50% of the current aircraft flying out there.
Robert Stallard: Thats great. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Hi. Yes. Good morning, Greg, Toby.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Peter.
Peter Arment: Greg, just a quick question on sort of when you talk about the cost reductions, have you kind of been able to identify what you think is ultimately going to be permanent versus kind of the temporary actions to give you a real benefit when we think about exiting 2020?
Greg Hayes: Yeah. So, look, I think, as we think about the cost reduction that we saw on the quarter. You got about $200 million of A&D actions. You took about $100 million of discretion spending and the other $300 million was really employee related. Some of that employee related costs will come back. Those are furloughs -- for those of -- us at the corporate office theres a 10% furlough or 10% salary reduction with deferred merit. Some of those costs will come back. I think its important to note, the commercial aerospace reduced to about 8,000 positions. Some of those will come back with volume. Some of them will be permanently reduced. And one of the things that Im really focused on right now as we think about a recovery that may well take into 2023 is we need to take a look at some of the more structural costs that we have in our aerospace organization. That is cost in some high cost manufacturing locations. What can we get after to restructure those businesses later this year? So well come back. The guys are looking at it and its going to be some tough things to do, but I think this is the opportunity to alter the overhead structure of the commercial arrow businesses. Again, I think, this is -- its unfortunate, but its absolutely necessary given the market.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the details. Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research.
Carter Copeland: Hey. Good morning, team.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Carter.
Toby OBrien: Good morning, Carter.
Neil Mitchell: Good morning.
Carter Copeland: Greg, I wondered if you could maybe just give us some color on the customer conversations. I mean, its got to be especially a Pratt, tough conversations around cash management for most of the airlines. And why dont you just give us some color on what it is that those customers are seeking to do to the extent that youre collecting power by the hour, you have power by the hour arrangements? Are you collecting all of those payments or is there any deferment there, any anything you can give us there will be helpful? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Yeah. Carter, look, were working with each one of our customers to make sure theyve got the financial flexibility to stay in business for the long-term. So were -- I wont give you any specifics on any individual customer, but I would just say, were trying to be as flexible as we can with payment terms and with cash flow. Obviously, part of the charges we took this quarter were a recognition that some of the receivables out there, probably, are not collectible, because of where the industry is today. I think whats important though is, as we think about Pratts customer base. Of all the GTF powered A-320s out there, 65% of those are flying today, 75% of the A-220s are flying, that is the OC series. Well, only about 45% of the Vs are flying. So if you think about most of the power by the hour contracts like 80% of the GTF powered aircraft are under a long-term maintenance agreement of power by the hour. Those contracts remain in place and people are flying the airplane. So its not all doom and gloom out there. I would tell you, theres some green shoots were seeing and were going to continue to work with our customers to make sure that they remain viable.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thank you for the color.
Greg Hayes: Thanks, Carter.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Good morning.
Toby OBrien: Good morning.
David Strauss: I wanted to ask about Collins, so the OEM decline somewhere down 53%, obviously, more than, I think, the decline were seeing your manufacture production rates. Can you talk about kind of how that breaks down between, manufacturer production rates being down, the Max impact and any sort of stocking youre seeing? And then, Greg, maybe can you touch on the decrementals that we saw at Collins, I know Collins remain profitable, but the decrementals were pretty big. Do you think this is the kind of the low point or worst point for Collins there? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: Toby will talk about the decrementals to start out, our decremental margins as you would expect because of the aftermarket down so significantly were north of 50%, I think, almost 55% decremental margins. Clearly, this should improve as we go through the quarter, especially as we take additional cost actions to take up some overhead, but the aftermarket is tough. I think if you think about the other issue that youve got at Collins is, they have been disproportionately impacted by the slowdown of 737. Recall, weve got about $2.5 million of content per 737. With the latest production schedule from Boeing on 737 with this kind of slow ramp in production, I doubt well be shipping any 737 related inventory, probably, until the next half of next year. And so while the, overall, I would say, we expect the commercial OEMs to be down roughly 40% or so. Youre going to see a bigger impact at Collins in the near-term as they are going to be more impacted by the 737 than anybody else?
Toby OBrien: Yeah. And I think, Id add too, right, your question about the Max and ADSB, right? There are about a point each of headwind going forward, pretty consistent with our prior expectations. And just piling on a little bit what Greg said about the decrementals, not inconsistent with what we had outline back at Q1. We said north of 50%, as Greg said, about 55% in the quarter, thats for overall, right, when you take into account, aftermarket would be greater effects of the absorption. We do expect that will improve a little bit as we move through the year and especially as the cost reduction actions take further hold. And maybe just to complete the equation, Pratt saw about 40% decrementals. Again, pretty much as we expected, not as severe, because of course, they dont have margin on the large engine shipments from an OE point of view. So, again, even there with Pratt nothing unexpected compared to what we outlined back on the May call.
Greg Hayes: David, just one other point to keep in mind, so if you think about the Collins numbers. Theres $100 million of cost or charges in the quarter associated with idle facilities. That is the plants that we have that arent operating at full capacity. So, again, those decremental margins are all in. So, I think, again, theyre taking cost out, but we got to get after the overheads still.
David Strauss: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, guys.
Toby OBrien: Hi, Ron. Good morning.
Greg Hayes: Hi.
Ron Epstein: Hey. Toby, please dig down a little bit more in the cash, just trying to sort out, when we think about what portion of the cash came from the defense business versus what portion came from the commercial business. I think on a pro forma basis, if you look at last year, is it safe to assume about two-thirds of the performance cash was from defense and maybe one-third from commercial?
Toby OBrien: Yeah. I mean, I think, the way to think of it, Ron, in the quarter here, right, both Collins and Pratt consume cash, right? The two combined north of $2 billion, right? So, the favorable performance, again, that, those results were favorably impacted by the cost of actions or they would have been worse and then we saw real strong collections on the defense side, as I mentioned, with the pulling of some large international payments on the RMD side. And I didnt mention it earlier, but RIS saw some good quarter end collection pull as well. So that thats kind of big picture the two sides of the house and how the cash flow played out in the quarter.
Ron Epstein: And how would you expect that to go maybe for the rest of the year in defense, anyway?
Toby OBrien: Yeah. So -- yeah. Yeah. So wed expect, obviously, the defense businesses, the legacy RIS and RMD to continue to generate positive cash flow both in Q3 and Q4, more bias it -- towards Q4, consistent with the traditional cadence that the legacy Raytheon had seen. Id expect Collins to be able to generate, albeit maybe a little bit, but positive cash in Q3, Pratt will still be a little bit negative and then both Collins and Pratt positive cash flow in Q4 and when you bring that all up to the company level, for the balance of the year consistent with the pro forma $2 billion outlook, Q3 neutral-ish plus or minus, maybe a little bit positive here. Remember, we have some below the line items, some of these non-reoccurring items, weve got $500 million plus or minus of tax payments on the divestitures that, Greg alluded to in his opening comments, and alike. So, Q3 breakeven maybe a little positive and then the balance of the cash $1.8-ish positive in Q4.
Ron Epstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Toby OBrien: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Hey.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Myles.
Myles Walton: I was wondering if you could maybe in Pratts commercial aftermarket down 51. What was large engine versus Pratt Canada? And then the other question, Toby, maybe you can just talk about the working capital that youre building this year and youve talked about it previously as billions of the headwind in this year and just curious if you can make any comments about the relief of that into 21 and 22?
Toby OBrien: Yeah. So let me start with the working capital. Some encouraging signs, I will start initially, some encouraging signs from an inventory point of view in Q2 with both Pratt and Collins, as I alluded to, a little bit earlier. From an overall working capital point of view, we also are pleased with the collections we saw. It -- working capital did grow in the quarter really because of disbursements that outweighed the benefits that we saw from the collections and the management of the inventory. We would expect based upon the actions, right, as a subset of the $4 billion cost-related -- cost and cash conservation actions, a meaningful benefit in the back half of the year from working capital initiatives primarily around inventory $500 million, $600 million, $700 million even $800 plus, obviously, driven by Pratt and Collins. So things are on track for that. Moving forward into next year, were not going to quantify anything today, but we still expect to make further improvement from a working capital point of view. In 2021, as we size it right to reflect the demand that we see, and obviously, theres variability in there, as we talked about on -- in the opening comments around the shape of the recovery and the cadence of it.
Myles Walton: And then the Pratt commercial, can you just subdivide the large engine versus PWC?
Greg Hayes: Yeah. So if you think about the large commercial aftermarket was down about 55%.
Myles Walton: Okay.
Greg Hayes: That was really led, of course, PWC2000 was way down like 80%, the V was down like 60%, so -- and GTF was actually not down. But then if you look at Pratt Canada, again, their business was down 40%, but if you think about their aftermarket that was down 40%, most of that, and of course, the high profit spares area about 55%
Myles Walton: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Greg Hayes: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Raviv with Citi.
Jon Raviv: Thank you and good morning. So just on pitching the defense side for a second, Toby, you -- back at Raytheon, you guys had talked about there being good visibility. Youre talking about, again, on the call today, a good visibility of growth sustaining for several more years. I wonder if you could give us an update on -- more specifically, how do you see that growth sustainability playing out based on whats in your backlog and pipeline. And then also, how is the company position to manage a potential defense recession, if you will, if you do see some of this worried budget pressure flow through? Thank you.
Toby OBrien: Yeah. Sure. So, on the first part about the visibility in the future growth, Id say, things havent changed, right? We talked about a record -- another record backlog, the legacy defense businesses, strong book-to-bill in the quarter, the $1.2 that we mentioned. Theyve strung together three really strong quarters going back to Q4 about 1.55 book-to-bill, 1.46 in Q1, and Pratt and Collins, as we talked about are growing nicely this year. So we remain very confident based upon the strength of the backlog, recalling that backlog, a little bit of a shift to longer duration, longer term programs with the multiyear awards for SM-3 IB and also SM-6 that help provide more visibility into the future. Combine that with the pipeline, our programs are well funded, the alignment to the national defense strategy, our continued strong position with classified bookings, we talked about $1.4 billion RIS in the quarter. Were on track for the year with north of 20% classified, which provide the development and the funding of future technologies that lead to new franchises. International remains strong, still about 30% of the business. Greg mentioned the $2.3 billion award for KSA TPY-2 and were performing well on our LTAMs program, which before well be moving into the initial production in 2022. So, we continue to be very optimistic about the ability to continue to grow the defense business for the next several years.
Greg Hayes: Yeah. Look, Jon, I would just say that, we know defense spending is not going to be going up in the in the near-term, given the deficits that are out there. And I think, as Toby said, were uniquely positioned because of the backlog at $73 billion. But also, I think, importantly, in those areas where we have real strength, which is in the classified, in the cyber and in the space businesses, again, lots of opportunity there. Again, we dont expect were going to see much growth in the defense budget at all, but we still think defense is a strong national defense is a bipartisan issue. So no matter whos in the White House, no matter whos in leading Congress. We still expect the need for a strong national defense will remain. So Im not forecasting -- were not forecasting any gloom and doom scenarios here for defense in the next few years.
Jon Raviv: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Toby OBrien: Hi, Noah.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Noah.
Noah Poponak: On the aerospace original equipment side of the business, can you just give us a little more detail on whether or not the pull from Boeing and Airbus into their production plan has changed meaningfully versus three months ago? And if you could speak to manufacturer or in particular Max versus non- Max, thatd be helpful?
Greg Hayes: Well, I would tell you, I dont think anything has changed materially in the last three months. Obviously, as Boeing has firmed up its 737 Max production schedule. Thats obviously had an impact especially in the near-term on the Collins outlook for OEM deliveries. I would tell you that, Pratt is fully aligned with Airbus deliveries this year and next year. Weve been out. Weve talked to every single one of our customers whos going to be taking GTF powered aircraft and I think we are fully aligned there. I mean, thats about a, as we would say, roughly a 40% reduction in GTF volume in the A-320s in the next year and a half here. So, again, I dont think theres been any change beyond -- really beyond the 737 Max.
Noah Poponak: And that Max change, is it more of a refinement around the specific timing of the return to service or is it a more substantial change than that?
Greg Hayes: Well, its really, its two things, its -- first of all, its just a refinement of the schedule in terms of, we expect some time here in the probably end of the third quarter, early fourth quarter that the -- that we get their ticket back. Obviously, were working with Boeing to make sure that that happens. But also its -- the ramp that were going to see in the production is slower, I think, that anybody had anticipated. On top of that is, as Boeing has gone through and looked at the inventory levels that they have for all of our equipment. Thats what really caused us to take a pause and say, you know what, we probably arent going to be shipping much 737 hardware until the back half of 2021. So, again, thats really been the refinement, if you will, its the inventory on hand, as well as a little bit slower ramp.
Toby OBrien: And I would just add, when we look at OE volumes all together taking Boeing, Airbus, the Pratt Canada customers, it coincidentally is in about that 40% ballpark relative to a year-over-year decline that, Greg referenced relative to Pratt, obviously, theres some puts and takes in there. And as Greg explained, with the Boeing situation, because of the inventory on hand, our future revenue may look a little bit different than their deliveries, but its for that factor there.
Noah Poponak: Thats all really helpful. The inventory alignment is not demand and the RTS is not demand, the slower ramp is in demand. But -- am I hearing you correctly that that has been a modest change versus a major change?
Greg Hayes: Yeah. Thats really a modest change, I think, again. Its just a refinement of the schedule based upon the timing
Toby OBrien: Yeah.
Noah Poponak: Got it.
Greg Hayes:  of return to service. And keep in mind, that every aircraft that gets delivered today, somebody is also retiring an aircraft. So were trying
Noah Poponak: Yeah.
Greg Hayes:  to work with the customers to understand exactly whos going to take what, when.
Noah Poponak: Super helpful. Thank you.
Toby OBrien: Thanks, Jon.
Greg Hayes: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: Hi. Good morning. And just on that last note, the visibility, Toby, looks like youre backing out unfavorable contract adjustments and bad debt expense from Collins and Pratt to get to your adjusted operating profit. So I wanted to ask you how much visibility you have into the sufficiency of those charges and how non-recurring they may actually be in the COVID environment.
Toby OBrien: Yeah. No. Good question. So, youre right, we did back out charges in those categories or cost in those categories, its about $0.21. They do relate to the economic impact of COVID and the effects on Pratt and Collins. I will tell you, a small portion of these were in our original estimates, okay? But as the quarter evolved, new information came to light, as we talked about, around the timing of recovery, pushing out to 23, more airline bankruptcies. And so, the reserve amounts and the EACs had a threshold where it was significant enough to be adjusted out of our earnings, given the magnitude and the unique nature of things. I would look at this as being rare and not indicative, right, of our underlying business performance. Because when you look at that youre talking $400 million in the aggregate, roughly $200 in each of the two segments. And then on top of that, you mentioned the bankruptcies, right, and I am probably off, but it was at least five in the quarter, right? So in normal periods of time, were not looking at five bankruptcies in a quarter, right, if you go back to pre-COVID. We have made these estimates with the best information available, taking all the facts into consideration around bankruptcies, collectability, the effect of the lower flight hours that it has on our EACs, so were confident in the values that we recorded here in the quarter and then subsequently adjusted out.
Robert Spingarn: Yeah. I think
Greg Hayes: I just
Robert Spingarn: Yeah.
Greg Hayes: I was just going to say, I think, what you -- the thing to keep in mind, weve tried to take a conservative view of the customers ability to pay. And so, again, this is a -- its an unusual thing to do in terms of taking the charges or this bigger charge at this time is very unusual. But, again, its a -- obviously an unusual time in the industry. So I wouldnt expect that there would be more big charges. But you can never, if somebody big goes bankrupt, you just dont feel -- we cant forecast, right? So weve tried to be conservative but not draconian here.
Robert Spingarn: Greg, on that, have you seen customer health improve in July, lets say, or toward the end of Q2? Is the trend up in terms of bad debt and customer ability to pay in demand?
Greg Hayes: If youd asked me that question early in June, I would say, things are getting better. I would tell you, advance bookings are not looking up right now, given whats going on with the infection rate in this country and around the world. So, if anything, as we looked at this at the end of the second quarter, we did that with keeping in mind that this is going to be a tough year for the commercial aerospace customers. And again, most of the airlines, their financial health is going to be stretched as these passenger volumes remain low. So, again, I dont have a crystal ball to tell you whether or not theres more out there. I just think weve tried to do our best job we can in terms of the environment as we see it today.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thank you.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Ursula, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Seifman with J.P. Morgan.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks very much and good morning.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Just wanted to dig in a little bit more on the working capital, so on a net basis including defense, the build was fairly modest in the quarter. And it sounds like youre expecting some significant improvement on the aerospace side in the back end -- half of the year. So, should we still be thinking about a working capital build of billions across the company by year end 20? And also on the flip side of that, about a working capital release opportunity of that magnitude in the coming years or have you guys been able to flatten that out?
Toby OBrien: So, I think, were -- I wont say that we are totally flattened it out, but again, consistent with accelerating the underlying actions to support the $4 billion of cash conservation, we have started to flatten that out. Here in Q2, we do expect, again, primarily in the back half of the year, maybe even a little Q4 biased a reduction in our working capital, right, as these initiatives continue to take hold. Pratt and Collins are doing a good job, balancing and managing their supply chain and inputs in a very balanced way taking into account that we need to maintain the health of the supply base. So we would expect as a subset of the $4 billion of cash conservation to see a benefit from inventory and working -- as a subset of working capital and overall working capital reduction by the end of the year. That said, at the company level, obviously, part of thats from RMD and RIS defense side of it, and wed still think that theres an opportunity in 2021 to further reduce working capital and adjust more with the demand signals tied to the shape and the cadence of the recovery.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much.
Toby OBrien: Thanks, Seth.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks everyone for listening in today. As always, Neil and Kelsey and the Investor Relations team will be around all day to answer whatever questions you might have. Thank you for listening and stay safe. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. My name is Ashley and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning and welcome to the Raytheon Technologies first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Greg Hayes, our Chief Executive Officer; Toby OBrien, our Chief Financial Officer, and Neil Mitchell, Corporate Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations.  This call is being carried live on the internet and there is a presentation available for download from Raytheon Technologies website at www.rtx.com. Please note except where otherwise noted, the company will speak to results from continuing operations excluding restructuring costs and other significant items of a non-recurring and/or non-operational nature, often referred to by management as other significant items.  Before we get started, just a few comments on the structure of the business and our leadership team. Concurrent with the merger, we realigned the segments to create four industry-leading businesses: Raytheon intelligence and space, led by Roy Azevedo, is combination of the legacy Raytheon intelligence information and services and space and airborne system segments; the second, Raytheon missiles and defense, led by Wes Kremer, is the combination of the legacy Raytheon missile systems and integrated defense systems; third is our Collins aerospace business which is now led by Steve Timm; and finally, Pratt & Whitney, which is led by Chris Calio. When we speak to Raytheon Technologies overall results for the first quarter, we will be referring to United Technologies standalone, including Carrier and Otis, while speaking to Raytheon Companys company-level results separately. At the legacy Raytheon Company business unit level, we will be speaking to each segment on a pro forma basis as the go-forward Raytheon Technologies businesses. The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-looking statements provided in this call are subject to risks and uncertainties. RTCs SEC filings, including its 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Once the call becomes open for questions, we ask that you limit your first round to one question per caller to give everyone the opportunity to participate. You may ask further questions by reinserting yourself into the queue as time permits. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thanks Kelsey, and good morning everyone. Just a few things going on, and I recognize this is a--its a little bit confusing. But before we get started, just one logistical item to cover here.  As everybody knows, we completed the spins of Carrier and Otis on April 3, concurrent with the merger with Raytheon which created Raytheon Technologies. Since the transaction occurred right after the close of the first quarter, the Carrier and Otis results are of course included in our numbers for Q1. However, were not going to discuss that today because theyre going to be holding their own earnings calls later today and then again tomorrow morning for Carrier, so our commentary today is going to only cover the new Raytheon Technologies, which of course is simply a focused A&D company. With that, as we turn to Slide 2 in the webcast, let me just begin my remarks by talking about the COVID-19 pandemic and what were doing to fight or help in the war on the pandemic. First, let me just thank our team, and particularly those in the production lines who are supporting our customers worldwide. I also hope that you and your families are safe. To put this in perspective, we have about 195,000 employees at Raytheon Technologies. Roughly 95,000 of those folks are working from home today and the other 100,000 are coming to either the office or to the factories to support our customers. Just to keep in mind, our top priority is to ensure the health, welfare and safety of all of our employees, so were focused on making sure were doing everything we can and to implement best practices.  Were of course deep cleaning our facilities daily between shifts, were temperature scanning our employees upon entry, were rotating shifts for social distancing and providing appropriate personal protective equipment for employees that cant work from home. The preliminary cost of that is going to be about $0.08 to $0.10 for the year. Also, those costs will be incurred throughout the rest of the year. Its a necessary expense, however, to ensure the safety of our folks. Maintaining business continuity is also essential in order to support our commercial and defense customers during this time, as we always do. Well continue to serve our customers with mission critical products and services in the U.S. and internationally, and importantly help them rebound when this is over. To support the frontline workers, we have donated nearly 1.5 million pieces of PPE to healthcare professionals and first responders globally. Were also using our 3D printing capabilities to manufacture 20,000 face shields per month and were working with suppliers to provide parts to support production of ventilators. In fact, our business in the U.S. and our business in Canada have actually come up with designs for ventilators, and were working with local governments to begin manufacturing. Supply chain stability of course is also top of mind. Weve engaged with thousands of our small business suppliers to support them, including disseminating relevant COVID-19 information and working with them to enhance and make processes more efficient.  In terms of the impact on the business, the pandemic has led to unprecedented economic uncertainty and of course a huge slowdown in commercial aerospace.  While both standalone UTC and Raytheon began the year with a strong start, its clear the rest of the year is going to be under significant pressure as a result of the pandemic. Notwithstanding those challenges, however, we expect the rest of the year Raytheon Technologies continues to be well positioned to deliver value over the long term. At the same time, were going to take immediate and necessary actions to reduce costs and to ensure we maintain a position of financial strength and market leadership so that we can emerge from this crisis stronger. To that end, were taking about $2 billion of cost reduction actions and about $4 billion of cash conservation actions on the commercial aerospace side. I will discuss this in further detail in the next few slides. Turning to Slide 3, I want to underline why this merger is even more important given the environment we face. As the worlds most advanced A&D systems provider, our portfolio is balanced and diversified against commercial aerospace and defense, as well as across geographies. This enables us to be resilient across business and economic cycles, evidenced by strong Q1 defense bookings and a record defense backlog of over $70 billion at a time when commercial aerospace is facing severe headwinds. Interestingly, Raytheon had a great first quarter book to bill of 1.44 and came into the merger with $50 billion of backlog. The legacy UTC aero businesses had about $20 billion of defense backlog, so stronger together, clearly. Our key defense franchises are also well funded, and most importantly were well aligned with the national defense strategy which is expected to shape future DoD budgets, and when the aviation market and passenger traffic rebound, and they will, we will be even better positioned to deliver solid growth. Additionally, the scale and complementary nature of our combined businesses allows us to continue to invest for breakthrough technologies for our customers as well as identify opportunities for technology revenue synergies.  With that, just a few highlights from our four industry-leading segments. Let me start with Collins Aerospace. Collins saw continued capture of synergies in the first quarter with nearly $60 million, and thats on top of the $300 million we realized last year. Collins remains on track to achieve about $600 million of cost synergies - thats from UTCs acquisition of Rockwell Collins in late 2018. Collins is particularly well suited with its air management interiors business to also provide solutions to the airline industry to further enhance passenger health and safety.  At Pratt, the GTF engine program achieved two significant milestones as the first in-service GTF engine exceeded 10,000 service hours and, more importantly, the program reached 5 million revenue flight hours across the combined GTF powered fleet. Importantly, also at Pratt, the Joint Strike Fighter program delivered the 500 production aircraft, and were just getting started with both of these programs. Great future. At Raytheon Intelligence and Space during the quarter, the U.S. Air Force awarded RIS the Force Element Terminal Development program. Thats expanding our family of advanced beyond line of sight terminal, our FABT franchise to modernize and secure communication terminals on both the B-52 and the RC-135 aircraft.  Finally, our missiles and defense business booked over $2 billion on the standard missile 31B multi-year during the quarter. Shortly after the quarter closed, RMB was also selected by the U.S. Air Force to develop the long range standoff weapon, a strategic weapon that will replace the services legacy air launch cruise missile. Thats a great, great achievement for the company. This franchise will be worth approximately $10 billion over its lifetime. I think the most important takeaway, though, is each of these businesses is a leader in their respective markets and are all well positioned to generate significant value over the long term by combining technologies to generate revenue synergies across all of our businesses.  Slide 4 - fundamental to our success is the strength of our financial profile, and let me be clear - the balance sheet is strong and our liquidity position is solid. Following the merger, we had about $8.5 billion of cash, net debt of about $25 billion, and a solid investment-grade credit rating. Combine these with a $5 billion revolver and a new $2 billion revolving credit facility and we have plenty of financial flexibility. Thats before an additional $2 billion or so of proceeds from the previously announced divestitures, the majority of which are anticipated in the second half of the year. As I mentioned earlier, were taking immediate actions to reduce costs by $2 billion and preserve liquidity with $4 billion of cash actions. Were reducing capital expenditures and A&D investments, weve deferred merit increases across the commercial businesses, and were cutting discretionary spending, just to name a few. While many of these measures have been difficult, it is the right thing to do for the business.  Were also on track to deliver the billion dollars in gross cost synergies that we committed to when we announced the merger last June. Weve got a strong execution track record and an excellent playbook from Rockwell Collins and Goodrich acquisitions. After months of integration planning, our teams are working seamlessly as one company and were already executing on the detailed work plans to drive our synergy commitments. Regarding share owner returns, as you might expect, we will not be repurchasing shares this year given the current environment; however, we do remain committed to return significant capital to share owners. As a result, the return of the $18 billion to $20 billion that we outlined last June will more likely take place over a four-year versus a three-year time frame. We also remain committed to the dividend, which our board approved last week, and we have sufficient cash and liquidity to maintain a competitive dividend even in this very difficult environment. Finally before I turn it over Toby to take you through the results, let me make a comment on how were thinking about our outlook. Given all the uncertainty in our commercial aero business, were not going to provide a Raytheon Technologies outlook at this time for 2020. Toby will give you some important information on how were thinking about the business and well be back later in the year to provide more color as the situation continues to evolve.  With that, let me turn it over to Toby to take you through the first quarter results.
Toby OBrien: Okay, thanks Greg. Moving to Slide 5, as Greg said, in spite of the developing COVID-19 pandemic, Q1 was a good start to the year for Raytheon Technologies. Since the spins and merger occurred on April 3, our reported Q1 results for Raytheon Technologies reflect the legacy United Technologies standalone results, which include Carrier and Otis. Going forward, Carrier and Otis will be reflected as discontinued operations and Raytheons legacy business will be included from April 3 onwards. Reported sales were $18.2 billion, down 1% versus prior year, including flat organic sales and one point of FX headwinds. Adjusted EPS was $1.78, down 7% versus the prior year, which youll recall is above our expectations for the quarter. Within the quarter, segment profit growth was more than offset by approximately $0.10 of COVID-19 related charges, the majority of which was non-cash within Pratt & Whitney and Collins. Except for interest, below the line items were higher versus prior year, as expected. On a GAAP basis, EPS was a loss per share of $0.10, down year-over-year and included $1.88 of net non-recurring charges and other significant items, of which $1.66 related to the portfolio separation charges, $0.18 from non-cash impairments primarily related to Carrier and Otis, and $0.02 of restructuring.  Just a quick comment on our tax rate in the quarter. Youll note the reported effective tax rate for the first quarter was 98.5%, which was a result of tax separation expenses. On an adjusted basis, the effective tax rate was 22.4%, which is closer to the effective tax rate that we expect for RTX going forward in 2020. Free cash flow was better than expected at approximately $250 million and included about $700 million of one-time cash separation payments. Total cash separation payments in the quarter were approximately $1.5 billion, of which approximately $700 million was reflected as financing outflow, principally associated with make whole payments in connection with the early retirement of debt.  Turning to Slide 6, Raytheon Company, while not included in Raytheon Technologies first quarter results, had a strong first quarter with bookings of $10.3 billion and a book to bill ratio of 1.44, leading to a record backlog of $51.3 billion. Net sales were better than expected at $7.2 billion, up 6.5% year over year. Its not on the page, but cash flow from operations was also better than expected at an outflow of $98 million in the first quarter or a $313 million improvement versus the prior year - a solid start to 2020. With that, Ill hand it over to Neil to talk through the segment results and then Ill come back and share a bit about how see the current environment.
Neil Mitchell: Thank you Toby. Starting with Collins aerospace on Slide 7, sales were $6.4 billion in the quarter, down 1% on an organic basis. Commercial OEM sales were down 12%, driven by the 737 Max grounding and anticipated declines in legacy programs, partially offset by new program growth driven by the A-320 NEO, the 787 and A-220. Commercial aftermarket sales grew 3% driven by provisioning, which was up mid-teens, and parts and repair, which was up mid single digits, partially offset by high single-digit declines in modifications and upgrades driven by anticipated lower ADSP mandate volume. Military sales were up 10% led by higher F-35 volume, and we also saw continued solid performance in our mission systems communications, navigation and guidance solutions, and ISR businesses.  Operating profit of $1.1 billion was up 3% from prior year with 80 basis points of margin expansion. Drop-through on higher military and commercial aftermarket sales and continued synergy capture of an incremental $60 million, as well as favorable FX and contract settlements in the quarter were partially offset by headwinds from lower commercial OEM sales and approximately $40 million in COVID-related charges. Shifting to Pratt & Whitney on Slide 8, sales of $5.4 billion were up 12% on an organic basis. Commercial OEM sales were up 25% driven by GTF and PW800 deliveries, which were partially offset by anticipated declines in V2500 production and lower deliveries of other PWC engines in March, driven by COVID-19 impacts. Commercial aftermarket was up 4% in the quarter. Growth in the GTF aftermarket was offset by a reduction in legacy shop visit inductions. Pratt & Whitney Canada aftermarket saw growth from higher shop visit content and a customer contract close-out partially offset by lower shop visits. Ramping JSF production continues to drive growth at Pratts military business. Military sales were up 16% on higher aftermarket sales across key platforms and increased F135 production volume.  Adjusted operating profit of $439 million was down 2%. Operating profit benefited from drop-through on higher military sales, continued GTF cost reduction, lower E&D, and a customer settlement. These benefits were more than offset by higher G&A, which was primarily driven by COVID-related reserves of approximately $60 million, FX headwinds, and the absence of the Q1 2019 divestiture and licensing agreement for approximately $30 million. Commercial aftermarket operating profit was flat driven by a customer contract close-out offset by GTF and legacy sales mix.  Turning now to Slide 9, Ill talk through the legacy Raytheon businesses Q1 results. As Toby mentioned, while these results are not included in Raytheon Technologies first quarter reported results, we thought it would be helpful to share how these businesses perform. You will find a reconciliation from the former legacy Raytheon segments to our pro forma new segments in the appendix. With that said, starting with RIS, for Q1 RIS sales were $3.6 billion, operating profit was $379 million, and ROS was 10.6%. Of note, RIS also booked approximately $350 million on the GPS next generation operational control system, or GPS OCX program, and its worth mentioning the former Raytheon SAS business grew sales 15% driven by higher volume across numerous programs. Additionally, the former Raytheon IIS business saw operating profit decline $45 million, primarily due to $34 million of gains from the first quarter of 2019 that did not repeat. Moving to RMD, Q1 sales were $3.9 billion, operating profit was $573 million, and ROS was 14.9%. At legacy missiles, operating profit was up $49 million or 26% driven by higher net program efficiencies. At legacy IDS, operating profit was up $79 million or 31% driven by higher net program efficiencies, including $35 million from a contract settlement.  In addition to what Greg mentioned, booking highlights in the segment during the quarter also included approximately $500 million to provide advanced Patriot air missile defense capabilities for the Kingdom of Bahrain. With that, Ill hand it back to Toby to provide an update on the current environment.
Toby OBrien: Thanks Neil. Im on Slide 10 now. As Greg mentioned, we are clearly in uncertain times, particularly for our industry. That said, not everything about our future is unknown. There are several factors we know or are getting comfortable with right now and there are certainly a number of elements that were monitoring closely. Let me take you through how we see it today. First for some knowns that should serve as tailwinds. We see our defense businesses on solid ground. We have record backlog and visibility to grow our defense businesses over the next few years. Our franchises are well aligned with the national defense strategy, which should shape future budgets, and we see demand for our advanced solutions internationally. We have a robust synergy playbook that well utilize to create additional lift from Rockwell Collins acquisition synergies as well as generating the Raytheon Technologies synergies, and as you heard from Greg, we are taking aggressive cost reduction and cash conservation actions in response to the current environment. Now as I mentioned, we are optimistic about our defense business growth and our expectations are largely consistent with when we began the year. We are monitoring our defense supply chain and any potential disruptions that can occur, however, we have good visibility into the demand side of our defense business and, as a result, have provided a detailed outlook for our RIS and RMD segments in the appendix. At a high level for RIS and RMD, we had guided to 6% to 8% sales growth versus 2019 and discussed the ability to improve operating income. As a result of the COVID-19 impacts, we are lowering RIS and RMD sales by $200 million, or a little less than 1%. Operationally and on a full year 2020 basis, and for the remaining period of Q2 to Q4 2020, we see no changes to the previous defense outlook provided for legacy Raytheon businesses other than the COVID-19 impacts.  Note there are a few changes to the way well report our numbers for RIS and RMD driven entirely by the merger and related accounting, including the stub period, EAC resets, and purchase accounting impacts. Youll note that the appendix slide highlights the expected effect these items will have on these segments. It is important to note the EAC reset is merely a matter of timing and not a permanent loss of profit as the profit improvements will now be recognized over the remaining life of each program. We are confident in our defense growth in the future and although we are not providing an outlook for 2021, what I can say is that we are in a strong position to continue to grow these businesses and will not see the merger related impacts on the accounting beyond next year. Finally, as you know, defense made up a little less than 30% of sales within Collins and Pratt in 2019. We continue to expect Collins and Pratt defense sales to grow mid single digits organically in 2020 as we discussed at the beginning of the year. Now for what were monitoring. As weve discussed, the COVID-19 pandemic clearly has and will continue to impact our business and the aerospace sector as a whole. The year can unfold in multiple ways but will certainly result in significant headwinds for our commercial aerospace segments. We are monitoring several factors that will have a direct impact on the commercial aerospace market, including OEM production levels, airline financial conditions, fleet groundings, revenue passenger miles, and aftermarket data.  A few comments on these factors. We know that OEM production rates have been significantly reduced. Aircraft fleets around the globe are parked and IATAs latest forecast estimates 2020 RPMs will be down 48% year-over-year, all of which will have a significant impact on the commercial markets in our segments and the commercial aerospace industry as a whole, including our commercial supply chain. While we have and will continue to see disruptions in the supply chain, we are working very closely with our suppliers to ensure they remain financially stable and are able to meet our production requirements.  Lets discuss Collins. While I cant provide an overall view on commercial OE or aftermarket sales and operating profit at this time due to the evolving market conditions, heres what I can tell you. We would expect a sharp deceleration in both OE and aftermarket. On the sales side, we expect OE sales to decline in line with OEM production and airline delivery schedules. Aftermarket is equally as difficult to quantify, but we generally expect sales declines to be in line with RPM declines, with a prolonged rebound that does not recover to 2019 levels within 2020. We also continue to expect a point of headwind from lower ADSB sales.  Moving on to Pratt, as with Collins, we expect a sharp deceleration in both OE and aftermarket. For Pratt OE, we expect our sales to decline in line with our main OEM customers, which is primarily Airbus for our large commercial engines. On the aftermarket side, GTF overhaul activity will continue as we upgrade engines to the latest configuration; however, legacy shop visits are now likely to be down 50% or more over the prior year. As youre aware, Pratt & Whitney Canada was approximately 25% of Pratts total sales in 2019. Pratt Canada will see a significant sales impact, albeit not as large as the expected decline in the large commercial engine business. With respect to free cash flow, we expect to generate positive free cash flow for the year which will be driven by our defense businesses. Given the range of outcomes that could materialize within our commercial aero businesses, we would expect these businesses to be about breakeven for the year, and thats despite taking $4 billion of cash actions this year as we see headwinds at the commercial aero businesses largely due to working capital impacts as we work to ensure the health of our supply base and address under-absorption. The strong operating results in Q1 highlight the performance capability of Pratt & Whitney and Collins Aerospace and is indicative of the potential and growth the segments will see again as we rebound from the temporary market impacts resulting from COVID-19. But for now, there are clearly a number of moving pieces with more unknowns than knowns. We will continue to provide updates as the situation develops and we have a clearer understanding of the pandemics effect on our operations. As for some Q2 color, as we have already said, we expect sales to be down significantly at Pratt and Collins. We see Q2 operating profit at Pratt to be a loss and operating profit at Collins to be approximately breakeven. For RIS and RMD operationally, its business as usual but for the previously mentioned EAC reset and stub period that will impact the results. Finally, we expect adjusted EPS in Q2 to be positive. As it relates to the full year outlook, we will reevaluate our ability to provide our traditional sales, EPS and cash outlook after Q2.  Turning to Slide 11, we have provided you with some information to help with your modeling. You will see our current thoughts on Q2 through Q4 ranges for these line items. Of note, capex for Collins and Pratt will now be over $800 million lower than we expected at the start of the year to help mitigate COVID-19 pressures. Additionally as far as corporate expenses, for Q2 to Q4 approximately $400 million will be allocated to Pratt and Collins, leaving about $250 million to $300 million of residual corporate costs which primarily relate to LTAMs, a corporate project for the company. Lastly, we are making a few changes to the way we measure our results and therefore speak to them externally. We will continue to discuss our sales and earnings on an adjusted basis, consistent with UTCs legacy approach of excluding significant and non-recurring items with a few changes. Given the considerable acquisition and merger activity, we will be reporting our segment profit, adjusted earnings and adjusted EPS excluding the non-cash net expense associated with amortization, PP&E step-up, and parity adjustments. We believe this will provide investors with a better understanding of our results in relation to cash performance. With respect to our segment operating profit, we will now be allocating the majority of corporate costs to our segments, and finally well reflect the FAS/CAS pension adjustment at RIS and RMD restructuring below segment operating profit in our statement of operations. With that, Ill hand it back over to Greg.
Greg Hayes: Thanks Toby. I know thats a lot to digest, a lot going on. Let me just maybe summarize it in my own--when I think everybody needs to step back and take a deep breath. I know a lot of change, a lot of uncertainty. At the end of the day, the reason Raytheon and UTC came together were three simple reasons: it was technology, it was talent, and it was balance. The technology is self evident, and I would tell you the talent is also self-evident in the fact that weve got great leaders at our business, from Wes to Roy to Steve to Chris - experienced leaders who know how to work in this challenging environment, will do the right thing, as we always would. Weve also got a great corporate staff, about half of them from Raytheon, half form legacy UTC, and again weve lived through these crises before and we will support the businesses in some of the very difficult things that theyre going to have to do, but at the end of the day well get through this as we always have. As we think about the remainder of 2020, our priorities are pretty clear. First of all, its supporting our employees, keeping them healthy and safe; supporting our customers and importantly our suppliers, also delivering technology and product innovation for our customers, and weve got a lot of work to do on executing on the merger integration and delivering synergies, but we know how to do this. Throughout our history, weve weathered a lot of challenges, and well weather this one and come out stronger on the other side. I remain excited about the future of our company and Im confident that the teams we have in place will drive sustainable long term value creation that will benefit customers, employees, share owners and our communities.  With that, Ashley, lets go ahead and open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question will come from the line of Ron Epstein. 
Ron Epstein: Good morning guys, and thanks for the complete call and all the info. Just maybe starting off with defense, because Im certain youre going to get bombarded with commercial questions, when you think about international defense markets, in particular Saudi and whats going on with oil prices and how important Saudi is to the legacy defense businesses at Raytheon, how should we think about that? Is there any risk to those contracts and is there any risk to the Middle East, particularly Saudi business? 
Greg Hayes: Theres always uncertainty when oil is $20 or $30 a barrel. Obviously the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is challenged, as are most of the Middle East customers during this time. At the same time, I dont think peace is breaking out anytime soon in the Middle East, and providing a solid defense posture to our customers over there remains a priority, both for the U.S. government as well as for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and all of our other customers over there. Look - its about 30% of legacy Raytheon business was international, and its not all Middle East, theres obviously a big piece in the U.K. We support--weve got the Patriot system in Poland, weve got big operations in Australia. Its not just a Middle Eastern business. Its an important element of it but its not the whole thing. So far, we have continued to see good cash come in from the Middle Eastern customers during the first quarter, surprisingly even with oil out there. They need the equipment, they want the equipment, and we need to help them defend themselves. Toby, anything you want to add?
Toby OBrien: Yes, I think the only thing Id add, Ron, is were looking at a big award here in Q2, late Q2, maybe early Q3. The production for TPY-2 system for KSA, thats on track and it falls in line with that Greg said - the threat environment hasnt changed, the need for our equipment is still there. Then if you remember back, it was--Im going to be off, three or four years ago when oil was down, same logical type of questions, and we came out of that strong with no implications, and thats how we see this playing out as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi, good morning. Thank you everyone for the time. Greg, you were right - thats a lot to digest. I realize you arent guiding, but you gave us a few pieces to pull together. I think you said UTX aero free cash flow was breakeven, and if we assume Raytheon free cash flow is $3.5 billion as a baseline, because thats what it was last year, and UTX generates free cash flow of about a billion standalone, does that provide a framework for about $4.5 billion combined as the bottoming of free cash flow in 2020, or are there other items like tax, pension, working capital to think about?
Toby OBrien: Sheila, I think thats probably a little aggressive from the different modeling and the scenarios that were coming up with here right now. I think what youve got to take into account is with these type of volume drops that were seeing and how theyre hitting us all at once, there are significant absorption impacts that were dealing with and trying to at least start to mitigate with the costs and cash actions that Greg mentioned in his opening comments. The drop-though margin on this type of volume loss, especially when you look at the entire mix of the business between heavy aftermarket at Pratt, about 50% of their business, about 35% of Collins is aftermarket, when you piece that all together including the other parts, were talking about north of 50% type of drop-through combined with managing inventory levels with suppliers and ensuring the health of the supply chain, working with customer requests on extended terms. We see a little bit more headwind than I think youre thinking there.
Greg Hayes: Sheila, I think the thing to keep in mind is its really working capital. Weve got a lot of inventory. Typically, as you know, on the commercial aero side, lead times are somewhere between 12 and 18 months, so even as Boeing and Airbus reduce production schedules, we were not going to be able to take out all the working capital associated with that. Weve also assumed, I would tell you, some slower payments from some of our customers, which would put pressure on cash. With all that, I think your $4.5 billion is optimistic, I would say.  It will be a decent year, well be able to fund the dividend, but I wouldnt get too much above that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carter Copeland.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning newly merged team. I hope everybody is getting along nicely. 
Greg Hayes: No blood yet, Carter.
Carter Copeland: Well you know, youve got plenty of work to work on. Greg, I wonder if you could just give us a little bit more specificity and help map to the $2 billion in cost out. From what weve heard from a lot of other folks, it seems like your production plan now is probably 30%, 40% down on OE, 50%, 60% down on aftermarket, military still holding in, you know, volumes that are down, I dont know, call it 40% on the year, something like that. Is that about how youre thinking about production, and how do you think about the cost structure and how that $2 billion maps to that in terms of whats a run rate saving versus a one-time or somewhat temporary cost-out? Any color there would be helpful, thanks.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Carter, look - theres obviously, as you said, a lot of moving pieces here. I would think about it more broadly, like this. Think about commercial OE - probably down about 50% for the rest of the year. Thats in line with the 48% reduction in traffic that IATA forecasts. It will vary by platform as you look at 737 versus A320, so were trying to match OEM production with what the customers, Boeing and Airbus and Bombardier and others are telling us today. But roughly speaking, you can think about OE down about 50% for the rest of the year and aftermarket down probably in that same range. Those are big numbers. Now, what are we going to do about it? Chris and Steve on the commercial side have identified a number of actions. The biggest, of course, is probably a reduction in E&D about $450 million. That seems like a lot of money. We spend about $2.5 billion a year on the commercial aero side on E&D, so its roughly a 20% reduction in E&D. About $300 million of that is going to come out of Pratt and $150 million of that comes out of Collins, so just to give you an idea. Of course, also we have stopped hiring. Weve put a hiring freeze in place. Weve deferred merits, were furloughing folks both at the corporate office and across the commercial businesses. Also, weve furloughed people in the factories, and I expect that there will be further reductions as we sort through all of these volumes. The key is we dont want to cut the talent so deep that when the recovery happens, we dont have the right people, so were trying to be judicious. Were trying to keep as many jobs as we can, and to that end, the legacy Raytheon businesses have 2,000 openings today for folks and we are actively working to try and take engineering talent and other talent that weve got in the legacy UTX business and move those folks over to programs on the Raytheon side.  Theres a lot of pain to come yet, a lot of very tough decisions ahead of us in terms of production volumes, but just generally speaking, think about 50 and 50 and youre going to be in the ballpark. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Stallard.
Robert Stallard: Thanks very much, good morning. Quick question on the Boeing 373 Max. Are you guys actually shipping any product at the moment, and as you look forward from here, are you aligning your cost base and capacity in line with what Boeing is saying about production rates heading back over 30 next year? Thank you.
Greg Hayes: We continue to support volume and the return to service for the 737 Max. The folks out in Cedar Rapids have been doing software turns and continuing to work with Boeing to make sure that weve got a certification standard that the FAA will approve here. Right now, I dont believe were shipping anything today to Boeing. We are aligning with their plans to ramp up production later this year and into next year. Again, the lead time on that, roughly 12 to 18 months, so weve been on pause here for a couple of months while Boeing has paused production. Well ramp up as they ramp back up. I think theyve probably got plenty of inventory today that theyre going to need to work through, so were trying to match our ERP demand with what Boeing is out there forecasting. But right now, I think were pretty well in lockstep across all the platforms, whether its 787 or 737s.
Operator: Your next question comes from Myles Walton.
Myles Walton: Thanks, good morning. Greg, I guess timing is everything.  First, a clarification on a question. Toby, the clarification on reported margins of the Raytheon businesses as it relates to EAC, I think you said something to the effect of the effect would be gone after 21. Can you elaborate on what we should think about the margins looking from 21, I guess into 22 on the accounting side? Then the real question, maybe for Greg, is on Pratt and the aftermarket, you could have whole types of fleets retired, accelerated over the next year or so. How much of Pratts aftermarket is not V2500 at this point?
Toby OBrien: Ill hit the first one, Myles, on the EACs. The EAC resets are zero percent complete. Thats not purchase accounting but its really reflective of the acquisition accounting around the merger and the go-forward, right, so effectively the merger reflects the to-go part of the program that Raytheon has. We still expect, just to be very clear, the same types of productivity that historically on an annualized basis have been close to 200 basis points - you know, 180, 200 basis points to margin. Theyre just going to be spread out over the next, call it 18 to 24 months, given that everything is reset to zero percent complete. Post 21, wed expect margins more in line with what the historical Raytheon business has been delivering with the same focus on working to improve those and to grow the segment margin contribution from RIS and RMD.
Greg Hayes: Let me try and address the question on Pratt, and again Ill give you some broad outline. If you think about it, theres really four engine families that contribute to the aftermarket. The JP8D for the old MD80s and such, which Delta is retiring, dont really have a significant impact at all anymore - thats all gone years ago. The biggest obvious fleet is the V2500, as you know, and theres about 7,000 engines that weve sold. About 6,000 of those are still in active service. Youve of course got the GTF, which isnt really contributing much in terms of aftermarket today in terms of profit, but theres sales associated with it. And then of course, youve got the legacy Pratt 2000, which is on the 757, and youve got the legacy PW4000, which powered some of the first 777s, some A-330s, etc.  The V accounts for about 50% of the aftermarket today. The 2000/4000 roughly together was about 1,000 aircraft out there, youre talking maybe 20% or so of the aftermarket for Pratt. Some of that will go away, some of it naturally. I think as we think about it, those things have been on the decline for the last 10 years. They will continue to decline. Well see what comes back into service. With fuel prices as low as they are, the need for new aircraft is probably somewhat lessened and people will probably fly some of the older, less efficient aircraft for a few more years to save on the capital of buying new airplanes, which means youll probably see these things come back into service, although not in the numbers that we saw. Thats all contemplated in this reduction that weve been talking about for the aftermarket at Pratt.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Strauss.
David Strauss: Thanks, good morning. Wanted to ask about what you saw out of the aftermarket in April, maybe splaying it out between Collins and Pratt; and then Greg, can you comment on what all this does - you know, the lower production rates on E320, what that does to the GTF loss profile, balancing youll be delivering fewer engines but you also, I assume, be coming down the learning curve more slowly? Thanks.
Greg Hayes: On the GTF, obviously as everybody knows, we lose money every time we ship an engine, and so theres actually good news from the lower production on the GTF. That is offset somewhat by the lack of absorption, so all of the negative engine margin that we would typically see is not all going to flow to the bottom line. Youve got lack of absorption and, importantly, youre coming down the learning curve. Youve taking 5% to 10% of the cost out every year - thats going to be slower as volumes go down, you dont have the leverage in the supply chain.  Overall, youre probably going to get about $100 million of pick-up as a result of the lower volumes in GTF, but I think thats a--its a relatively modest number because of the absorption impact. Im sorry, what was the first part of the question?
Kelsey DeBriyn: Aftermarket in April.
Greg Hayes: Oh, Im sorry. Yes, let me just give you two data points that I think are indicative of where the aftermarket is going. Pratt typically gets about 1,000 engine inductions a year for the V2500. Most of those inductions, were right about online - we were seeing roughly 80 or so a month January-February, even into March. April, not so good. There was about 25 or so engines inducted into the overhaul shop, and so well see that revenue impact here in the second quarter because typically as we repair these engines, they consume spare parts, we recognize the revenue. Thats going to be probably the biggest place where youll see the impact. On the Collins side, again a similar number. If you think about repair input, that is the things that come back to our shop around the world, and weve got a lot of shops, repair input for the month of April is down about 55%. Again, we think this is probably as bad as it gets, but its happened very, very quickly, and so hopefully well see a slower recovery. I think the best thing--and David, you know because you track the flights every day, I got your little note there and its appreciated, but the China business actually is coming back - slowly, but it is coming back. Passengers are coming back and flying in China again, and I suspect two months down the road, well see a slight recovery start--maybe its three months or four months, but there is some light at the end of this, its just going to take a little while. But we certainly have already seen the impacts in April of the airline slowdown.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Arment.
Peter Arment: Yes, thanks. Good morning Greg, Toby, Neil. Greg, maybe just to ask the question on the V2500 a different way, that 6,000 engines that you have out there, do you have an average age? Are we talking that this is still--
Greg Hayes: About 11 years. 
Peter Arment: Eleven years? So still has a long life.
Greg Hayes: Yes, so think about it, about half of the Vs that are out there have not had its first major overhaul, and the other half have only had one. If you think about it, and you know the life cycle of these engines - you can go through, sometimes three major overhauls, so were still in the third inning, I would say, of the life of the V2500 in terms of the aftermarket.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Seifman.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. Good morning. I was curious - I saw in the notes that there was kind of a small intangible impairment at Collins Aerospace. How do you think about the risk of further impairments there, and what are the pieces of the Collins business that you see as most at risk here? How much of the aftermarket is discretionary? How do you see things playing out at the Bs business, and are these the places where you see the greatest risk of kind of the more permanent kind of reduction? 
Greg Hayes: Well, as you can expect, Seth, we took a hard look at all of the intangible assets as we were closing out first quarter, and we obviously ran a bunch of different sensitivity analyses. There was a small impairment, I think it was $40 million at Collins related to some small businesses that they had, that were part of the original acquisition of Rockwell Collins.  But we have looked at all of the other intangibles. Even with a worst case scenario on aftermarket for the next two years, we did not see any potential for impairment. There was plenty of runway there, additional cash flows, again assuming a two, even a three-year kind of recovery here, so Im not expecting big impairments here. Now again as the world changes, we evaluate this every single quarter, but we did a pretty good scrub, and I guess Neil, Id ask you--?
Neil Mitchell: Yes, I would just add to that, when you think about the Rockwell Collins acquisition, which didnt happen that long ago, those were those assets that were marked to fair value most recently, so theyre the ones that are most susceptible. But all of this is non-cash, and so we will go through a process, well continue to monitor the near term, midterm, long term and update that accordingly, but I agree with everything that you just said there, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from Noah Poponak.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning everybody. Toby, since you sort of spoke to a floor in the 2020 free cash, and I know a lot of your investors are focused on the 2021 target that had been provided, and maybe theres less, sort of abnormal, below the segment working capital type of disruption. I wanted to see if I could get you to speak to that. Outside of a bottoms-up model, I had top-down just crudely been thinking in the slides when you--from the deal, you had the three plus three from each business, pro forma six goes to eight, so if I just cut the UTC three in half, I take out one and a half, or if I look at the S4 on a levered basis, it was kind of a four and four split to get to that eight, not quite So if I just took that 4 and cut it in half, I was two, so if I just took one and a half to two out of the eight, can I think of six to six and a half as the free cash floor in 2021, or would you still have some of these working capital disruptions or something else? 
Toby OBrien: Yes, understand the question, Noah. Obviously we havent guided to 2020, so we need to figure that out first. Stating the obvious, the 2021 numbers youre referring to certainly didnt consider there would be this type of environment because of the pandemic. I think the two or three things to help you a little bit, obviously wed expect defense to continue strong, so that should be a tailwind for us going into next year. The variable on the commercial aero side in any of the math that youre referring to is really the shape of the recovery and what type of trajectory we come out of 2020 at Collins and Pratt, going into 21. Too early to tell at this point, but as you mentioned, some of the figures, both businesses have a strong history of delivering strong cash flows. Just go back to 2019 results and youll see it there.  Well get back there at some point. Were not seeing any change to the underlying fundamentals of the Pratt or the Collins business, as evidenced by even the Q1 results. Its just too early to speculate more on 2021.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Springarn.
Robert Springarn: Good morning. Greg, I wanted to follow on the commercial aero questions asked so far, because it seems like you see aftermarket leading the recovery over OE. I want to ask you, first, if Im interpreting that correctly; and second, how you differentiate the recoveries in your commercial aftermarket versus commercial OE businesses in terms of timeline, and then how that translates to Collins and Pratts recoveries?
Greg Hayes: Well, I guess the way I would think about it is as long as the airlines continue to fly, youre going to see aftermarket demand. I think, again as I mentioned earlier, with fuel prices where they are, we would expect to see aftermarket demand pick up a little bit more quickly than OE demand, just because today youve got 55% of the world fleet parked.  The good news is if you think about it, its really about 40% of that is COVID-related. Back in January before all this started, you had roughly 15% of the 30,000 fleet parked, so that means youve got 40% parked as a result of COVID, and those planes will come back into service slowly, and I think what youre going to see is those planes will come back before youll see a lot of new OEM demand come back. Thats why were thinking youre probably going to see a much--not much, you will see a quicker return on the aftermarket than you will on the OE side over the next couple of years. As you know, its tough right now for both Boeing and Airbus to place planes because of the financing constraints that some of their customers are under. Obviously well work with Boeing and Airbus on that, but I really think its that parked fleet returning to service first before you see a lot of new aircraft out there.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Ashley, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Your last question comes from Cai Von Rumohr.
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes, thank you very much. If you look at 2009, the aftermarket for the industry was down in low to mid teens, essentially about a 6% to 7% or less traffic decline. If you expect traffic to be down 50%, why wont the aftermarket be down more, because this time we also had ADSB going against us, we have airlines talking of more retirements, and we have a much weaker OE backdrop and therefore less provision. Why isnt the aftermarket, if youre down 50% in traffic, going to be down 70?
Greg Hayes: Look Cai, I think how much its actually going to be down is the question of the day. I would tell you of the ADSB mandate, that was over at the end of December, so we actually already factored ADSB into our forward-looking guidance for aftermarket. I would tell you thats really outside of the 50% drop that were talking about for aftermarket. It really just depends. If you take a snapshot of where we are today, obviously aftermarket is going to be down a lot more in April and May than the 50%, so we are expecting a gradual recovery through the course of the year. Keep in mind, many of the aftermarket contracts that we have on the Pratt side are hours based, so even if planes arent flying full, if theyre flying, theyre generating revenue, theyre generating aftermarket. That will help here as well to offset, so. I think about 70% probably of the Pratt fleet today is powered by the hour. I think if you look at where China is today, where theyve started this kind of slow recovery back up to about 40% over time, up from 20, we expect to see kind of that same gradual recovery during the course of the year.  Ill tell you, we arent going to know what the aftermarket looks like until we probably get to December 31. Well continue to give you guys an update as we speak, looking at this really month by month to see what the recovery profile looks like. Its not a sharp V. It is more like a U-shape, and I still--I think its going to be a full two years before we see a recovery close to what we saw in terms of 2019 levels of aftermarket. That could well be three years. At the end of the day, well survive this, well get through it, but its going to be painful because, as you know, that is relatively high margin business which affords us the opportunity to make these big investments in engines and other technologies across the portfolio. 
Operator: I will now hand the call back to Greg Hayes for closing remarks.
Greg Hayes: Thank you Ashley, and thank you everyone for listening in. I recognize a lot of data here, a lot of change going on. Neil, Kelsey and the team will be around today to answer your questions. Thank you all for listening, and I would just ask everybody to be healthy and safe. Take care.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Raytheon's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is De Tamara, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Thank you to De Tamara. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the Company's future plans, objectives, and expected performance and the proposed merger with UTC, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risk that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings, and with respect to the proposed merger and related matters in the definitive merger proxy statement filed with us with the SEC on September 10, 2019. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Kennedy: Thank you, Kelsey. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon had a very successful year in 2019 and our global growth strategy is delivering record results for our shareholders and customers. We had many highlights and set many company records. So let me start by touching on some of our financial results. In 2019, we continue to see strong global demand for innovative solutions, illustrated by our book to bill ratio of 1.54 in the fourth quarter and 1.25 for the full year. And for the third time in 2019, we achieved record backlog, which rose to almost $49 billion at the end of the year. This drove an increase in backlog of more than $6 billion year-over-year or up 15% and it positions us well for the future. Sales are up 6.5% in the fourth quarter and 7.8% for the full year. And in 2019, we accelerated our sales growth for the fifth time since 2015. This year in the new company record for annual sales of $29 billion EPS exceeded our expectations for the quarter and for the year. Cash flow is better than we expected and we achieved a new company record for operating cash flow for the full year. Toby will review additional details about the fourth quarter and our 2020 outlook in a few minutes. Now, with all of our successes in 2019, I wanted to share what I see and some of Raytheon's key milestones during the year, successes from across the company that will drive future growth. First, let me highlight the strength at both our classified business and our international business. In 2019, we achieved record classified bookings for the full year of almost $8 billion and we saw strong classified bookings across the businesses, including $2.8 billion in both missiles and IIS and $2.1 billion at SAS. Raytheon also had record classified sales, which grew 15% versus 2018 and represented 20% of company sales. Our strength in classified is driven in large part by the need of our domestic customers to address advanced threats as outlined in the national defense strategy. As we've said before, classified business is crucial for Raytheon's growth and success. It funds next generation technology development that is integral to the long term growth of our future franchises and production awards. We also achieved company records in our international business, both international bookings and sales and record levels for the year. International sales are $8.6 billion for the year and year-over-year, international sales have now increased for 16 consecutive years. Turning to our franchises, we further strengthened many of them in 2019 to be long term value generators for years and decades to come. The newest example of this is our clean sheet offering for the U.S. Army's next generation Air and Missile Defense radar. In October, we were pleased to be selected to develop the lower tier Air and Missile Defense sensor, which extends Raytheon's position as the world's premier Air and Missile Defense radar capability provider for decades to come. We expect LTAMDS to have potential lifetime value of over $20 billion from sale to domestic and international customers. LTAMDS will operate on the Army's integrated air and missile defense network. Our Patriot franchise continued its momentum with the Kingdom of Bahrain signing an agreement in August to purchase Patriot. This letter of offer and acceptance allows the U.S. government to begin contract negotiations with our Patriot team. Bahrain is the 17th nation to procure Patriot. With the U.S. approval, all 17 of these Patriot partners will have the opportunity to add the LTAMDS capability to each of their fire units. This will enhance the performance and extend the life of their systems for many decades. In addition, the capabilities of the LTAMDS radar also opens up a market for standalone forward deployed applications. Our Patriot system fires multiple interceptors, including our guidance enhanced missiles or GEM-Ts. And during the fourth quarter, we booked over $700 million on a direct commercial contract to provide GEM-T missiles for an international customer. Demand for integrated air and missile defense solutions is also furthering growth in our NASAMS franchise, a mid range solution, jointly manufactured by Raytheon and Kongsberg. In 2019, we added two new countries to the NASAMS family. In May, we booked over $500 million to provide NASAMS for Australia. And in July, we received $1.8 billion award to provide Qatar with NASAMS. Qatar is the 11th country to procure NASAMS, which uses a Raytheon radar, and will be capable of firing multiple interceptors, including our AMRAAM-Extended Range and AIM-9X missiles. As a result, NASAMS help support the growth of additional franchises AMRAAM and AIM-9X. For AMRAAM Raytheon is continuing the development of AMRAAM ER and expanding its capabilities to support land based applications. This significantly extends both the range of AMRAAM and the market of the NASAMS system. Qatar will be the launch customer of AMRAAM ER. As part of the procurement of the NASAMS systems, we expect the foreign military sales contract award from Qatar for AMRAAM ER in 2021. Our airborne radar franchise was extended in July with our selection as a radar supplier for the B-52 radar modernization program, displacing the incumbent. Under the contract, Raytheon will design, develop, produce and sustain the use of radar systems for the entire U.S. Air Force B-52 fleet. With improved navigation reliability, mapping and detection range, the advanced radar upgrade will ensure the aircraft remains mission ready through 2050 and beyond. And we continue to see strength across our standard missile franchise, including the multiyear award for SM-6 and then the bundle award for SM-3 Block IIA, both of which were booked in December for a total award value of around $3 billion. We still expect a multiyear contract award for another SM-3 variant. SM-3 Block IB, worth about $2 billion in the first half of 2020. The endo-atmospheric SM-6 delivers a proven over the horizon offensive and defensive capability, and it supports anti air warfare, anti surface warfare and sea based terminal ballistic missile defense in one solution. In the next generation SM-3 Block IIA, interceptor defeats missile threats outside the Earth's atmosphere and is produced in cooperation with Japan. With the recent and expected awards for our Standard Missile product lines, we have production visibility until at least 2026. Both the SM-3 Block IA and IB are integral to MDA's position in missile defense. This month, after the quarter closed, IIS was selected by the U.S. Air Force to develop the future operationally resilient ground evolution program, also known as FORGE. This newly developed open framework will be capable of processing overhead persistent infrared satellite data from both the U.S. Air Force's evolving SBIRS constellation and the future Next Gen OPIR constellation for missile warning. Also in January, we were awarded the fourth element terminal by the U.S. Air Force, which extends our protected communications franchise at SAS. Finally, one of our most notable highlights of 2019 was announcing our transformational merger of equals with United Technologies. These two industry leading companies will create one of the best positioned aerospace and defense companies. Raytheon Technologies will have a diversified platform agnostic suite of offerings that are balanced across end markets, which is a key differentiator through business cycles. The combined company will also have a vast global footprint. By combining our complimentary technologies, we can go after and win and increase number of new franchises. We expect the revenue synergy opportunities from our combined technologies to continue to be value generators for decades to come, positioning the company to increase market share and outgrow the aerospace and defense markets. Integration planning for the merger is progressing well and the merger is targeted to close early in the second quarter of 2020. As we start the New Year, we feel optimistic about the future and our ability to continue to grow, both domestically and internationally. We are pleased with the fiscal year '20 appropriations bill enacted in December with our Raytheon programs fairing well, and the DoD monetization account up versus fiscal year '19. Fiscal year '21 budget control act caps were increased last year, so we have top line certainty and include a modest increase in a DoD base budget. Perhaps best of all, fiscal year '21 is the last year on the BCA. Bottom line, we have a strong foundation for the future. And this is recognized last week in Fortune magazine's annual survey. Raytheon was ranked the number one company in the aerospace and defense industry in the 2020 study of the World's Most Admired Companies. And it's included number one rankings in key attribute categories, such as innovation, financial soundness, global competitiveness and social responsibility. Let me close by thanking all the members of the Raytheon team worldwide. When I think about our many successes in 2019, I do so with deep appreciation for my dedicated colleagues who made it possible. They are the ones helping the company grow and meet its commitments, the ones creating value for shareholders and the one providing the trusted, innovative solutions our customers depend upon. Given the expected timing of the merger's close, this could well be the last earnings call for me and for Raytheon Company. For nearly 100 years, this company has provided mission critical technologies to our customers, supported a diverse and engaged workforce and has been a good corporate citizen. That legacy built on a foundation of trust, respect, collaboration, innovation and accountability, will continue. And we are excited to redefine the future of the aerospace and defense industry as Raytheon Technologies. With that, let me turn the call over to Toby.
Toby O'Brien: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the fourth quarter and full year results. Then I'll discuss our outlook for 2020. After that, we'll open up the call for questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the Web slides that we issued earlier this morning, which are posted on our Web site. On Pages 2 and 3, we have our fourth quarter and full year highlights and summary results for the year. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in both the fourth quarter and the full year with bookings, sales, operating income, EPS and operating cash flow that all met or exceeded our expectations. We had record bookings in the fourth quarter at $12.1 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.54. And for the year, we also had record bookings of $36.3 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.25. This sets the stage for continued strong growth in 2020, which I'll discuss in more detail in just a few minutes. And we achieved record backlog of $48.8 billion, up 15% year-over-year. Sales were $7.8 billion in the quarter, up 6.5% from the same period last year, and we saw growth across all of our businesses. For the year, sales were up 7.8%, reaching a new company record of $29.2 billion. Our EPS from continuing operations was $3.16 for the quarter and $11.92 for the full year. I will give a little more color on EPS in a few minutes. We also generated strong operating cash flow of $2.8 billion for the quarter and $4.5 billion for the year. It's worth noting that we exceeded our operating cash flow guidance by approximately $400 million at the midpoint and achieved new company record for operating cash flow. This increase was driven by operations and improved working capital. The company ended the year with a strong balance sheet and net debt of approximately $500 million. Now turning to Page 4. Let me go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full year results. As I mentioned earlier, we had strong bookings of $12.1 billion in the quarter and $36.3 billion for the full year, resulting in a record backlog of $48.8 billion. This is an increase to backlog of over $6 billion or 15% over year-end 2018, and provides us with a strong foundation for the future. International orders represented 28% of our total company bookings for both the quarter and the full year. At the end of 2019, approximately 38% of our total backlog was international. Turning now to Page 5. We had fourth quarter sales of $7.8 billion, an increase of 6.5% compared with the fourth quarter of 2018 and in line with our expectations. International sales continue to be strong, representing 31% of our total sales for the fourth quarter and 29% for the full year of 2019. So looking at the businesses. IDS had net sales of $2 billion in the quarter, up 18% from the same period in 2018, primarily due to higher net sales on an international air and missile defense system program awarded in the third quarter 2019 and an international missile defense radar program. IIS had net sales of $1.7 billion in Q4, up 2% compared with Q4, 2018. Net sales at missile systems in the fourth quarter were $2.3 billion, up compared with the same period in 2018. And for the full year, missile sales of $8.7 billion were up 5% over 2018. It's worth noting that missiles had strong bookings performance for the full year 2019 with bookings up 23% over the prior year. In the fourth quarter 2019, SAS had net sales of $2 billion. The 7% increase from the fourth quarter 2018 was primarily driven by higher sales on classified programs, the Next Gen OPIR program and tactical communication systems programs. For the full year, total company sales were $29.2 billion, up 7.8% over full year 2018. Moving ahead to Page 6, we delivered strong operational performance in the quarter. Our operating margin was 16.3% for the total company. On a business segment basis, our operating margin was 12.7%, up 70 basis points and higher than Q4, 2018, primarily due to higher net program efficiencies. Total business segment operating income of $993 million grew $109 million or 12% in the quarter. So now looking at the business margins. IDS fourth quarter 2019 operating margin was strong at 15.5%, up 80 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. IIS operating margin of 8.6% was up 20 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2018 and better than expectations. Missiles operating margin was 12.7% in the quarter, up 90 basis points compared to Q4 2018. The fourth quarter of 2019 benefited from a favorable change in program mix and higher net program efficiencies. SAS fourth quarter 2019 operating margin was 13.8% and in line with the fourth quarter of 2018. And SAS had a $21 million gain from the sale of real estate, which was assumed in our fourth quarter 2019 guidance. Turning to Page 7, we have solid operating margin performance for the year. Our operating margin was 16.4% for the total company and 12.1% on a business segment basis, an increase of 10 basis points compared with 2018.Total business segment operating income was $3.5 billion in 2019 and was up $290 million for the year or 9% over full year 2018. On Page 8, you'll see both the fourth quarter and full year EPS. In the fourth quarter 2019, our EPS was $3.16 and for the full year was $11.92. Both the quarter and full year were higher than the comparable periods in 2018, primarily driven by operational improvements from higher sales volume and favorable pension related items. Overall, we have strong operating performance for both the quarter and full year. Now, let me update you on our 2020 outlook on Page 9. As we sit here today, we currently see the book-to-bill ratio above one, and would expect to achieve another record backlog year. We also see strong sales growth for 2020 for the underlying Raytheon business of 6% to 8% over our 2019 results. Additionally, we expect growth across all of our businesses. We would expect IDS and SAS, our highest margin businesses, to have higher growth rate than the others, both with expected sales growth of 6% to 8% versus 2019. And at IIS, we'd expect sales growth of 4% to 6%. At missiles, we would expect sales growth of 5% to 7%. Although not on the page, I want to spend a minute talking about our expectations for the first quarter of 2020. We remain confident in our growth rate of 6% to 8% for the full year 2020. We expect the first quarter sales growth to be in the low-single-digits due to a tough comp with last year's first quarter. We see the sales growth profile of 2020 second half weighted with sales ramping up throughout the year, which is driven by the strong bookings in the second half of 2019. Before concluding, I want to touch on the pending merger with United Technologies. The collaborative merger efforts and integration planning between Raytheon and United Technologies are continuing to progress well. We look forward to the next steps in the process, including continuing to work closely with regulatory authorities in the U.S. and other jurisdictions to secure the required clearances and approvals for the merger. We are targeting the merger to close early in the second quarter of 2020. And post closing, we look forward to Raytheon Technologies delivering strong free cash flow growth and deploying a significant amount of its free cash flow to its shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Let me conclude by saying that 2019 was a very successful year for Raytheon where we once again delivered strong financial results. We set many new company records in 2019, including record operating cash flow, backlog, bookings and sales and records for both sales and bookings in the classified and international areas. We have a strong balance sheet, which gives us a strong foundation as we move forward with the merger. And our business segments are well positioned to grow in 2020 and beyond. So with that, we'll open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from the line of Carter Copeland.
Carter Copeland: So just a quick clarification and a question, just on the IDS growth, Toby, seems like for 3Q '19 award, the impact on the topline is pretty fast. Was that work that was done that got on contract? I just wanted you to help us with that. And then Tom, I wondered if you could give us some color on where the customer is kind of thinking or heading on [three dealer] [ph] and the change there? Thanks.
A - Toby O'Brien: So on IDS, you know Carter, we're real pleased with their performance for the quarter and the year. The 12% growth they delivered in '19 was real strong. But yes, you got it right. There was some inventory liquidation that took place in order to ensure we had the right schedule cadence on the program going forward.
Tom Kennedy: On the [three dealer] [ph], you may remember we initially won that back in 2014. And it was a bunch of protests and everything else like that, so it's kind of a program that kind of got off to kind of an interesting start with the protest. In any case, the technology baseline was back in about 2008 when essentially the whole solicitation efforts started with the Air Force. And as you can imagine, by the time we got started after the protest, there were many advancements in technology since then, but we had a baseline that was kind of rigid. And as also under the older, call it the acquisition strategies or techniques that the department had. And so couple of things they want to do, one is they wanted to refresh on the technology and then the other one is to get more into an OTA structure where they thought they could get the program through faster. And so they're going to go off and conduct an industry day here, surely lot more details. Part of that is they're going to try to do a sense off that was very similar what the United States Army did with the LTAMDS radar. And if you guys remember that last year, they conducted a sense off and in the end game, we went one up winning that program with the solution that we brought to the sense off.
Toby O'Brien: The only thing I would add, given the state of where the program was at from a development point of view, it doesn't have a material impact on our financial results for 2020 and even the next year or two beyond that.
Operator: Thank you. Your next response is from Sheila Kahyaoglu. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Tom, while we have you. How do we think about IDS and profitability mix, given FMS sales pick up and just the cadence of those? And related to that, how do we think about Patriot international opportunities with the LTAMDS win in the U.S.
Tom Kennedy: I think IDS has a really bright future. And the number one is there they have the largest content of international. But they've also developed some key franchises here recently, the Air Missile Defense Radar or the Spy 6 for the DEG-51s, they also developed the enterprise air surveillance radar for the Navy. And as you know, the Navy is pushing for 350 ships, a lot of them are going to be frigates and the EASR has been already designated as the radar for those frigates. So I think that's a good for there for moving forward. They also won the lower tier air missile defense sensor, which is the LTAMDS for Patriot. And as we mentioned during the scripts, that's got about a $20 billion future here, both of between domestic and international customers. Just last year, Bahrain became our 17th country that has the Patriot system. So we have 17 countries that we work with on the Patriot system. Obviously, they're buying spares, aftermarket efforts in those areas. But they also continue to buy new solutions for the Patriot System. And now we have a brand new solution to bring in and it significantly enhances the capability of the Patriot system, called the LTAMDS radar. And there's about an opportunity for over 240 of those radars here over the next decade or so. So they're very strong all across the board in terms of new franchises coming on board, refreshing the Patriot franchise. On the international marketplace, they've done quite well by balancing both the FMS, which has higher margins than the domestic but also bringing on quite a bit of what we call DCS, Direct Commercial Sales business, which has higher margins than the FMS. So all-in-all, I think IDS is on a very strong foundation but they built, I call a launch pad for increased success through the decade.
Toby O'Brien: And maybe I can just add a little bit and I'll start at the highest level of a company. So we're not giving guidance for 2020 consistent what we said back in October. But that said, I would tell you specifically around margins, nothing's changed. We still see the opportunity to improve margins incrementally going forward, improve our operating income overall, number one. As far as IDS in there, FMS, DCS mix. In the near-term, yes, that's a headwind. It's a good problem to have given the volume of the FMS work coming in. And we still have solid DCS work. I would tell you and remind you I think you all know IDS has been historically our highest margin business. We expect that to continue in the future. And we talked about the improved margin in Q4 for the company, a lot of it through net program efficiencies, IDS was a big contributor to that and we'd expect strong performance from IDS going forward. Let me just expand too a little bit on LTAMDS, because back when we were awarded in October we mentioned that the contract vehicle here is an OTA. Given that I think as folks know that does require periods of investment and we're going to experience that here for Raytheon. We have been spending on this for a while. As Tom alluded to leading up to the sense off and the hardware we delivered there. We're delivering six represent -- production representative units under the contract, it's about three year effort. The majority of the costs are going to be incurred in 2020. And you might have seen in our release, we took $13 million expense at the corporate level related to LTAMDS. We're managing this as a corporate project given the strategic significance tie back to the $20 billion opportunity, the standalone opportunities. And consistent with that, we'll be recording an expense throughout the year at the corporate level, probably in the $200 million range plus or minus and then it would tail off into 2021 as well. There's no impact on the IDS margins or the IDS segment margins as a result of that.
Operator: Your next response is from Cai Von Rumohr. Please go ahead.
Cai Von Rumohr: So you'd mentioned that your fastest growth is IDS and SAS, which are your higher margin -- highest margin business excluding the $200 million investment in LTAMDS. I mean, should we assume that your margins if you were a standalone company would be up?
Toby O'Brien: So I think Cai, again, both for 2020 and beyond, I think we've been consistent. We are on a path to incrementally on an annual basis improve margins. Our segment margins were up 10 basis points in 2019 compared to 2018. That said we do have to think about mix impacts. And as Sheila asked and I just mentioned, we do see some mix with more FMS, less DCS and IDS, but we are focused on operational excellence and driving more efficiencies through the business. Missiles as an example, we expect their margins to be improved after some of the challenges they had in 2019. We expect their margins to improve in 2020. But they're still dealing with more development work, more classified work. Again, big picture kind of punch line is yes, there a standalone business. We would expect the company segment margins to incrementally improve in 2020 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from the line of Myles Walton. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Just on the remaining 19% for fourth quarter. Just curious if that now allows you to or pushes you to pursue process there. And also how indicative is the price you pay Vista to what you think you'll get in the open market? And maybe Toby, can you just give us where the pension ended? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: So let me start with the fourth point part of your question. So look back to when we acquired Websense almost five years ago, we had disclosed the liquidity rights that both sides had. I think we and Vista hadn't been aligned all along. So ultimately the end game here was to monetize the investment in Forcepoint. They chose to do it through the foot process. We followed a very stipulated process per our agreement with Vista. We had outside advisors involved. And amongst other things, it took into account market conditions, comparable trading companies, et cetera. So at the time, yes, we think -- if we think it is indicative of that, obviously, at the end of the day, we still want to monetize the asset. We're going to do that in a smart way, evaluate all of our options. The whole software security market continues to trade pretty favorably here. And as we move along, we'll be looking to do what makes the most sense for the company and shareholders around that. Switching over to the pension, we had a return of about 19% for last year compared to our 7.5% long term assumptions. The discount rate that we're using for 2020 now is down about 100 basis points from what it was last year, it's at 3.3%. And we also did, through our normal process, update our long term return on asset assumptions and we reduced that from 7.5% to 7%. That all said, I'll just remind everyone that once the merger closes, because of purchase accounting, there will be some significant changes in this area. SAS operating and non-operating expense will improve as a result of that. And I think also to keep in mind there will not be an impact on our CAS recovery if you want to think about from a cash flow perspective that the CAS recovery stays intact.
Operator: Your next response is from David Strauss. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: I want to ask about the cash flow. Obviously, very strong performance this year, I think it came in $700 million or so above what you were thinking or what was in the S-4. Does any of that represent any sort of working capital pull forward that you had expected to come through in '20? Because I know what's in the S-4, looks like it reflects some pretty big working capital benefit. And then I think CapEx came in a little lighter than what you were thinking. Can you just address kind of the CapEx profile from here as well? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: So on the cash flow, I'm real pleased with how the company performed and delivered and overachieved in this area. And it was from improvements in working capital, all program operational related. That said, again, we're not giving guidance for 2020. But I would expect excluding the effects of the merger, so taking the merger related costs and cash impacts out of it, I'd expect stronger cash flow in 2020 despite the over performance in 2019. So said another way, it's not a timing issue. It's not -- you're not moving from one year to another. And again, I think that's indicative of our focus on running the business, executing the business and obviously, having a strong balance sheet here for the first part of your question. Secondly, on CapEx, a couple things. We had talked about 2019 being a peak year for capital spending. We still feel that way even though it did come in a little below what the original expectation was. As far as 2020 goes, we'd expect it to be down a little bit further, albeit slightly of the reduction compared to what we were expecting in 2019. Some of that was permanent where we found ways to do things more efficiently and a little bit of it was timing that moved from 2019 to 2020. But again, we're on a downward trajectory consistent with what we have said this time last year.
Operator: Your next response is from George Shapiro. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Toby, can you tell us what's actually happened in missiles? I mean, the sales growth this quarter was clearly came below your revised guidance and for 2020, we're not expecting a lot of growth on the positive. The margin got a lot better. But what's happened on the sales side for kind of what was compared to what we're seeing?
Toby O'Brien: So for Q4 overall at the company level, the 6.5% growth that contributed to 7.8% for the year, that was within the range we expected. You're right, missiles was a bit lower than we previously expected. We saw a little bit more strength than some of the other businesses. The way to think of missile sales in the fourth quarter was really some supplier delivery volume on a couple of production programs that we were expecting didn't materialize. And we had a few awards that had some inventory liquidations that again were a little less than expected. That said, the way to think of missiles going forward is they closed the year real strong, as I mentioned, relative to their bookings being up 23% year-over-year. Tom, in his opening comments, spoke about $3 billion worth of awards in the Standard Missile family that came in in the fourth quarter. We have the -- and one of those was -- one of the two multiyears that we had previously talked about, the second multiyear for the SM31B, we expect in the first half of this year. So we believe all that taken as a whole supports and provides for a foundation for missiles to grow and at a higher rate than we saw in Q4 again in the 5% to 7% rate for the year.
Operator: Your next response is from Robert Stallard. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thomas, this could be your last opportunity. And I was wondering if you give us your usual run through of what you're seeing at the moment in some of these key export markets. You've seen another good year of bookings. I was wondering how that could progress from here?
Tom Kennedy: I'll start off -- let's start off in Europe. We have seen significant uptick over the last several years in Europe. A lot of it's been the pressure from our administration to push these countries to get to 2% -- the NATO countries do 2% of the GDP for defense. So we have seen an uptick there in Patriot, countries like Romania and Sweden buying the Patriot system was part of that. But we also have additional opportunities in that region for integrated air and missile defense and upgrading their systems, military systems across the board. Over in the Middle East, that continues to be an issue of significant demand for our solution set. As we recently saw in Iraq, anyone who has forces in that region needed to have integrated air missile defense capabilities and defender troops and their resources and their infrastructure. So we're seeing significant demands across the region for integrated air and missile defense solutions that range all the way from countering drones to, to ballistic missiles, to cruise missiles. So it's right in our sweet spot. And again, we're doing quite well in that region already but we see significant upside potential in the Middle East. And in the Asia Pacific region, North Korea has not quieted down, they're still doing testing. So there is considerable concern relative to, for example, South Korea and also Japan. Also in Korea, you don't see it out there in the press a lot but there is going to be a handoff of defense of South Korea from the South Korean government -- from the U.S. to the South Korean government. And that's going to provide an uptick requirement for us to be able to help provide the South Koreans the solutions they need to maintain their defense in that region as a primary defender. And then also relative to Japan significant uptick there, not just from the North Korea issue but also from the pressures from China. I think there's considerable push from China as we know expansionism relative to the first and second island chains. Japan wants to make sure they have a defense against that. So that is requiring some higher end solution sets that we are working with the Japanese government to provide. So in all the regions that we really participate in, in Europe and the Middle East and also in the Asia Pacific region, we're seeing significant demand singles for solution sets across the board. Obviously, we have created a bunch of new solution sets, like the SPY-6 radar, the EASR, now with the LTAMDS radar. So we had new solutions to bring to those markets and that we're working that very hard.
Toby O'Brien: And Rob, I just from a quantitative point of view, just reinforce and we mentioned last year was a record year for international, including bookings. So we're seeing the results of that threat environment that Tom just walked through materialized in our results. We talked about 1.25 book-to-bill, both the domestic and international book-to-bill were plus or minus in that ballpark. So it was not one side of the house, if you will, driving the growth. We said 28% of the bookings were international 38% of the backlog, 29% of the sales and plus or minus we'd expect that same level of contribution from both in 2020 as well.
Operator: Your next response is from Seth Seifman.
Seth Seifman: Toby, if I just look at the guidance for the individual segments and proportion of the company, looks like the growth for 2020 would come in more at the 6-end than 8-end. Is that the right takeaway at this point? And where might there be potential upside?
Toby O'Brien: No, I think the way I think of it, you got to think is that range is 6% to 8%. We're not specific beyond that. Don't forget that's total sales, don't have on the chart, we didn't talk about what would happen with eliminations. So those numbers exclude eliminations, which are close to in line, we expect them to be more in line with 2019. So I think that may be part of what is drove you to the question, you did there from the 6% versus either a midpoint or something else. That said, I mean we're confident in the range, the 6% to 8%, the strong backlog, the $49 billion in backlog, up 15% growth across all the businesses where we see that happening consistent with what we've laid out there, so no concerns on our end.
Operator: Your next response is from Peter Arment.
Peter Arment: Tom, we know you're not going anywhere. So -- but thanks for all your guidance over the years. But Toby, just back to kind of, I guess, follow up on Seth's question. If we look at the 6% to 8% and off of the base of 2019 and we compare it against 4$, really seems closer to 2021 numbers that you had out there, not the 2020, I guess. What would you highlight as the differences? I assume the LTAMDS might be one of them or so. Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: So LTAMDS would not be one, Peter, just because of the nature of the OTA and kind of as I described before, the funded R&D concept. Right now, we're not recording revenue on that. We're really treating it as funded R&D and the related expense that I talked about earlier. Just as a reminder from the origin of that S-4 data, we talked about in the S-4 the process that led to the merger and the timeline around that. And that S-4 data, the origin of it predated that. So you got to go back to the 2018 timeframe for when we pulled that together. And I think the simplest way to think of it is last year, we ended 2018 with a backlog growth of 11% that was better than our expectations, because our bookings were higher and a similar thing happened here with the 15% increase, including multiple increases in the bookings outlook throughout 2019. So really tie it back to the strong bookings growth and the translation into the $49 billion in backlog that's driving and ask as you did the math, the absolute dollar profile compared to the data in the S4. This shows the underlying strength of the business and how well positioned the portfolio was.
Operator: Your next response is from Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Obviously, much you can say on this topic, but at high level. How is the classified arena evolving as you think about areas of priority? And can you just help us understand the pro forma RTS exposure that market once the deal is closed? I asked the question, because I didn't really hear you guys talk about hypersonics in your prepared remarks either. So if you want to somehow pull that in. Thanks.
Tom Kennedy: Hunter, let me just talk a little bit about the classified. I mean, obviously, you're right. It's classified if you can't talk about it. But in any case, it's really driven out of the national defense strategy, which really outline this next generation capability that the United States needs to be able to defend itself against these new evolving threats. And that really sets, I would say, the overarching requirement. And then from there, we go down to what actually has to occur. And there's all the areas of -- the NDS calls out the fact that we need to protect space. And so there's a whole set of efforts going on to ensure we protect space or space assets, the assets that we need to just do in our economy, but also for the defense of our nation. So that's a large area there. There's also a large area in the, I would call it missile defense capabilities and how do we defend our nation against the missile, intercontinental ballistic missile threat or other types of threats like hypersonic weapons. So there's a whole counter hypersonics and counter advanced intercontinental ballistic missile threat type work that's going on. And then there's the whole issue of the South China Sea and our ability to be able to maintain a presence there, keep those sea lanes open, and what type of technologies we need there and what advance capabilities we need. So that's the other major threat. But it all starts with the national defense strategy. And it's driven our business up. We have a solid set of, not just franchises but we also have a solid set of technical capabilities across the company that we're seeing in significant demand to satisfy these needs, I would call classified requirements needs, driven out of the national defense strategy. And that's driven our sales up 20% of our company's sales this year, has been classified. And I've said this on calls in the past but this classified work, we use this term as the sea corn of our -- for our future franchises. What I mean by that is this classified work allows us to take are our technical capabilities and resources and IP, and work hand in glove with our customers to evolve the next set for our sake, the franchises that will enable our customers to meet their mission needs, especially relative to the NDS. And so I think one way of looking at this for Raytheon is the greater, the amount of classified work we have, the stronger our future will be and our ability to generate new franchises that last for decades to come. And the classified bookings represented 22% of our total bookings in '19. It was up 17% over 2018, again, setting a new company record. And I think it just sets the company up for a great future to come.
Kelsey DeBriyn: That's all the time we have today. Thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Raytheon Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ditamara and I will be your operator for today [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Thank you, Ditamara. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our Web site at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby, and then move onto questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the Company's future plans, objectives and expected performance and the proposed merger with UTC, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. And with respect to the proposed merger and related matters in the definitive merger proxy statement filed with the SEC on September 10, 2019. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Kennedy: Thank you, Kelsey. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon again delivered strong performance in the third quarter. We achieved record sales of $7.4 billion, up 9.4%. And our bookings, sales, operating income, EPS and operating cash flow, all exceeded our expectations. We continue to see strong global demand for innovative solutions. Book-to-bill in the third quarter was a healthy 1.27. And for the second time this year, we achieved record backlog, which rose to $44.6 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of $3 billion year-over-year. Given our continued strong bookings and the opportunities we see in the fourth quarter, we are again increasing our bookings outlook for the year by another $1.5 billion. It is worth noting that since the beginning of this year, we've increased our bookings outlook by a total of $3 billion over our original expectation, and we expect a full year book-to-bill ratio of greater than 1.1. We are pleased with our bookings performance this year, which positions us well for a strong growth in 2020. Additionally, we are also increasing our guidance for sales, operating income and EPS. Toby will discuss additional details about our third quarter performance along with our updated guidance and additional color on our 2020 outlook in a few minutes. And let me update you on our proposed merger of equals with United Technologies Aerospace Businesses. Two weeks ago at our special meeting, we reached an important milestone. Raytheon shareholders overwhelmingly approved the merger with 96% of the voted shares in favor of the merger. I am pleased that both our shareholders and the shareholders of UTC voted in favor of our powerful strategic combination. Shareholder approval reflects a significant step on our path to unite to world-class companies with complementary technologies, and it supports our view that this merger of equals will create additional growth opportunities while delivering benefits to our shareholders, customers and employees. Integration planning for the merger is progressing well, and the merger remains on track to close in the first half of 2020. One of the strengths Raytheon will be bringing to the combined company is our diversified portfolio of advanced technologies that are well aligned with our customers' needs. So let me spend a few minutes discussing these innovative technologies and how we are able to turn them into compelling and advanced solutions and franchises for our customers. The newest example of this is our clean sheet offering for the next generation air and missile defense radar competition. Last week, we were pleased to be selected by the U.S. Army to develop the lower tier air and missile defense sensor, which extends Raytheon's position as a world's premier air and missile defense radar capability provider for decades to come. We expect LTAMDS to have a potential lifetime value around $20 billion from sales to domestic and international customers. LTAMDS will operate on the Army's integrated air and missile defense network. Our winning LTAMD solution is 360 degree active electronically scanned array radar powered by Raytheon manufactured gallium nitride, a substance that strengthens the radar single and enhances its sensitivity. Over the years, we have invested significantly in the AESA GaN technology and advanced manufacturing capability, positioning the company as the global leader in advanced AESA technology and product development. Our innovative solution also showcased advanced abilities and ease of maintenance and sustainment for the end-user, the soldier. Our Patriot franchise was also strengthened in August with the Kingdom of Bahrain, signing an agreement to purchase our Patriot system. This Letter of Offer and Acceptance allow the U.S. government to begin contract negotiations with our Patriot team. Bahrain will become the 17th nation to procure Patriot. With the U.S. Army's approval, all 17 of these Patriot partners will have the opportunity to add of our ESA 360 degree capability LTAMDS radar to each of their fire units. This will enhance the performance and extend the life of their systems for many decades. In addition, the capabilities of the LTAMDS radar also opens up the market for standalone forward-deployed applications. Our leadership in radars was also extended with the completion of the first system-level test of the Enterprise Air Surveillance Radar at Wallops Island test facility by the U.S. Navy and Raytheon in August. EASR is the newest sensor in the Navy's SPY-6 family of radars for aircraft carriers and frigates. It provides simultaneous insight air and anti-surface warfare, electronic protection and air traffic control capabilities. The radar has a highly scalable design and the innovative technology allows it to deliver increased performance, higher reliability and sustainability and lower total ownership cost. Upon completion of the system-level testing by the end of the year, EASR will shift to low rate initial production. As a reminder, AMDR, our Navy radar franchise for the new DDG 51 destroyers recently transitioned into low rate initial production. Another area where we are using our innovative technology to meet the needs of our global customers is in the area of counter UAS. Recently, our Coyote Block 2 counter drone unmanned aircraft system scored direct hits on multiple aerial targets in U.S. Army test flights. Coyote Block 2 is a new high-speed kinetic interceptor that will counter hostile drones. It is compatible with Raytheon's Ku-band Radio Frequency System or KuRFS radar. The Block 2 system is on track to be full rate production ready in 2020. In the area hypersonics, we are also advancing technology to develop new capabilities for our customers. In September, we announced that Raytheon will build and deliver to control, actuation and power conditioning subassemblies that can control flight of the U.S. Army's new Common-Hypersonic Glide Body missile. All of our businesses are at the forefront in developing new and updating existing technologies. And one in particular, SAS, has seen good advancements, both in terms of growth and in terms of innovative technology offerings. During the quarter, SAS had very strong performance, growing sales more than 14% year-over-year and exceeding margin expectations. Over the last few years, we have seen SAS capture a number of new franchise programs. And during the quarter, we made great progress on these new franchises. In the electronic warfare market, this past August, SAS delivered the first next-generation jammer mid-band engineering and manufacturing development pod to the U.S. Navy to begin ground and aircraft integration testing. And in October, we delivered the second pod. Raytheon will deliver a total of 15 EMD pods for mission systems testing and qualification, as well as 14 pods for airworthiness certification. Beyond the good growth, we are seeing on our EW programs at SAS, we are also seeing strong growth in our space and ISR program, such as the NextGen OPIR and recent classified franchise program wins. In July, SAS was selected as a radar supplier for the B-52 bomber radar modernization program, displacing the incumbent and extending our airborne radar franchise. Under the contract, Raytheon will design, develop and produce and sustain AESA radar systems for the entire U.S. Air Force B-52 fleet. With improved navigation reliability, mapping and detection range, the advanced radar upgrade will ensure the aircraft remains [Technical Difficulty] and beyond. Finally, and as I thinking about my next few years, one of my key roles in the new Raytheon Technologies will be to work with Greg Hayes to driver our combined innovative technologies into business solutions for our customers. My focus has always been to make sure we are taking our best technology, accelerating it to the businesses and embedding it in our advanced products, while making these innovative solutions relevant to our customers. A key priority for me at the future Raytheon Technologies will be to deliver technology synergies and drive technology improvements across all of our businesses and products. Before concluding, I'd like to take a moment to briefly touch on U.S. Defense Budget. As most of you know, we are again operating under a continuing resolution through November 21st, and our guidance has taken this into account. We encourage lawmakers to work swiftly to get the Defense Appropriations Bill enacted before the end of the calendar year. This is in the best interest of our customers and industry. Bottom line, the company's performance is strong. We're well-aligned with the advanced technologies needs of our customers. And we have the opportunity to shape the future of aerospace and defense with our proposed merger. I want to thank the Raytheon team worldwide for helping secure the strong position for our company, customers and shareholders. And let me turn it over to Toby.
Toby O'Brien: Thanks Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with third quarter highlights, and then we'll move onto questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the Web slides that we issued earlier this morning. Everyone would please turn to Page 2. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in the third quarter with bookings, sales, operating income, EPS and operating cash flow, all better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the third quarter of $9.4 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.27, and ended the quarter with a record backlog of $44.6 billion. Sales for the quarter were also a record at $7.4 billion, up 9.4% with growth across all of our defense businesses. Business segment operating income of $901 million grew 6.9% in the quarter. Our EPS from continuing operations was $3.08, up 36.9%, which I'll give a little more color on in just a moment. We had strong operating cash flow in the third quarter of $1.3 billion, which was better than our prior expectations. This was due to the timing of collections on some of our larger contracts, which were previously expected in the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow was higher than last year's third quarter due to the $1.25 billion discretionary pension plan contribution we made in the third quarter 2018, and the timing of collections in the third quarter 2019. At a high level, we are increasing our full year 2019 outlook for sales, operating income and EPS, as well as making other updates. And we're raising our bookings outlook by $1.5 billion for the full year. I'll provide more color on guidance in a few minutes. Turning now to Page 3. Let me start by providing some detail on our third quarter results. Company bookings continue to be strong. For the third quarter, bookings were $9.4 billion, which were approximately $700 million or 8% higher than the same period last year. These strong bookings position the company well for future growth. For the quarter, international was 34% of our total company bookings. Again, backlog at the end of the third quarter was a record $44.6 billion, up $3 billion or 7% compared to last year's third quarter. Approximately 39% of our backlog is comprised of international programs. We now move to Page 4. We had strong third quarter 2019 sales growth of 9.4%, higher than the guidance we set in July, primarily due to better-than-expected performance at our IDS, IIS and SAS businesses. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had third quarter 2019 net sales of $1.8 billion, up 18% compared with the same quarter last year. The increase from Q3 2018 included sales associated with the recognition of previously deferred costs on an international air and missile defense system program awarded in the third quarter 2019. IIS had net sales of $1.9 billion. The 6% increase compared to Q3 2018 was primarily due to higher net sales on classified programs in both cyber and space. And as we've previously discussed, we expect IIS's growth rate to continue to moderate in the fourth quarter of the year due to the planned ramp down and transition on the Warfighter FOCUS program. Missile Systems had third quarter 2019 net sales of $2.2 billion. The 4% increase from the third quarter 2018 was primarily driven by higher net sales on classified programs. In the third quarter 2019, SAS had net sales of $1.9 billion, up 14% compared with the same quarter last year. The increase in net sales for the quarter included higher net sales on classified programs, Protected Communications Systems programs and the Next Gen OPIR program. Overall, we're very pleased with our total company sales growth for the quarter, which is up 9.4%. Moving ahead to Page 5. We delivered strong operational performance in the quarter. Our operating margin was 16.2% for the total company and 12.1% on a business segment basis, better than our expectations. Total business segment operating income is up year-over-year for both the quarter and year-to-date. So now looking at business margins. IDS third quarter 2019 operating margin was strong at 16.1%, better than our expectations and in line with last year's third quarter. IIS operating margin of 8.7% was up 10 basis points compared to last year's third quarter, better than expectations. The third quarter included a non-cash gain of $14 million on an investment. Missiles' operating margin was 10.1% in the quarter with last year's third quarter benefiting from higher net program efficiencies. SAS's third quarter 2019 operating margin was strong at 14%, better than our expectations and 80 basis points higher than last year's third quarter. The improvement in operating margin was largely driven by a favorable change in program mix. We continue to expect both total business segment and total company operating income to increase in Q4. Turning now to Page 6. Third quarter 2019 EPS was $3.08, better than expected, primarily driven by higher sales volume and the timing of productivity improvements. Third quarter 2019 EPS was higher than last year's third quarter, driven by operational improvements, primarily from higher sales volume, as well as pension related items. You may recall that last year's third quarter results included an unfavorable $0.80 per share impact related to the pension plan annuity transaction. On Page 7, we've increased our full year 2019 net sales and narrowed the range. We are raising the low-end by $300 million and the high end by $100 million. And we now expect net sales to be between $29.1 billion and $29.4 billion, up 7.5% to 8.7% from 2018. The increase versus our prior guidance is driven by IDS, IIS and SAS. We increased total business segment operating income, raising the low end by $45 million and the high end by $15 million from our prior guidance. We now expect our total business segment operating income to be in the range of $3,525 million to $3,615 million. From a total company point of view, we remain focused on operating profit and margin improvement going forward. As we've done in prior years, during the quarter, we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of this update, the FAS/CAS operating adjustment for the year was reduced by $9 million and the retirement benefits non-service expense for the year improved by $38 million. Taken together, they have a favorable total year impact of approximately $0.08 per share with $22 million or $0.06 per share recorded in the third quarter 2019 and $7 million or $0.02 per share expected to be recorded in the fourth quarter 2019. We've increased our full year 2019 EPS, raising the low end by $0.20 and the high end by $0.10 from our prior guidance. We now expect our EPS to be in the range of $11.70 to $11.80. I'll discuss this in a little more detail in just a moment. We continue to see our 2019 operating cash flow outlook between $4 billion and $4.2 billion. On Page 8, we've provided you with the 2019 financial outlook EPS walk to bridge our prior view in July to our current EPS guidance. At the midpoint, we are increasing our EPS outlook by $0.15 from July, driven by $0.09 from operations led by the higher sales volume we are seeing and $0.08 from improved pension. This increase is partially offset by higher merger-related expenses of $0.03 versus what we were expecting in July. On Page 9, we've included guidance by business. We've increased the full-year sales outlook at IDS, IIS, SAS and for the total company to reflect a combination of stronger bookings to-date and fourth quarter expectations. And at Missiles, we continue to see strong growth. We see their full year 2019 sales growth in the 7% to 8% range. Overall, we're pleased with the company's sales growth. The strong margin performance we saw at IIS and SAS in the third quarter and their improved margin outlook for the remainder of the year offset the margin performance of missiles. This reflects the strength of our balanced portfolio. Before moving on to Page 10, given our year-to-date bookings strength and our expectations for a strong fourth quarter, we are now raising our full year 2019 bookings outlook by $1.5 billion to a range of between $32.5 billion to $33.5 billion. The increase is driven by strong demand from our global customers, and positions us well for continued growth in 2020. On Page 10, we have provided guidance on how we currently see the fourth quarter for sales, earnings per share and operating cash flow from continuing operations. We expect our fourth quarter sales to be in a range of $7.8 billion to $8.1 billion and EPS from continuing operations is expected to be in a range of $2.93 to $3.03. We expect operating cash flow to be in a range of $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion. Now turning to our initial outlook for 2020 on Page 11. As we sit here today, we currently see the book-to-bill ratio above 1, and would expect to achieve another record backlog year. We also see strong sales growth for 2020 for the underlying Raytheon business of 6% to 8% over our 2019 outlook. And while we expect growth across all of our businesses, we would expect IDS and SAS, our highest margin businesses, to have higher growth rates than the others. Before concluding, I want to touch on two additional points. First, earlier this month, Vista Equity Partners, our joint venture partner in Forcepoint, exercised their put option to require Raytheon to purchase their interest in Forcepoint. As a result, the parties are currently engaged in the formal process under the joint venture agreement to determine the fair value of their interest. We will provide additional information after the transaction is completed. And second, the collaborative merger efforts and integration planning between Raytheon and United Technologies are well underway and continuing to progress, including the affirmative shareholder votes two weeks ago. We look forward to the next steps in the process, including continuing to work closely with regulatory authorities in U.S. and other jurisdictions to secure the required clearances and approvals for the merger. We continue to expect the merger to close in the first half of 2020. And post closing, we look forward to Raytheon Technologies delivering strong free cash flow growth and deploying a significant amount of its free cash flow to its shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. In summary, we had another strong quarter. Our bookings, sales, operating income, EPS and operating cash flow, were all above our expectations. We remain well positioned with both our domestic and international customers' priority areas. We increased our full year 2019 outlook for bookings, operating income and EPS, increased the sales growth range to 7.5% to 8.7% and have a strong foundation for continued sales growth of 6% to 8% in 2020. With that, Tom and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just on LTAMDS is so relevant at the moment. Tom, maybe could you provide some color on that program. How you expect this program, how it interacts with the core Patriot franchise just the opportunity internationally you mentioned $20 billion, and then maybe the radar offering how that plays into the missile option?
Tom Kennedy: Yes, it was a great win for the company and also for the future of the company moving through the years forward. This is the new radar. We'll replace all the radars for the Patriot system. It provides 360 degree capability. And so we're seeing threats that evolve that is in our requirement, I believe, by many countries, including the United States now. So this significantly changes the capability of the Patriot system, significantly enhancing it. The radar does use our GaN technology and advanced GaN capability. It has a lot of great new capabilities beyond the radar operation, especially in the area of the ability to maintain this system. It's a lot easier to maintain than the prior system. And we were getting significant requests already from the international marketplace. So obviously we'll have to get released from the U.S. government. But the demand signal has been building up here for probably the last five years or more. And I think this gives us a great capability to meet that demand moving forward. One point I would like to make is very similar to the THAAD program where have the TPY-2 radar. In addition to selling the TPY-2 as part of the THAAD system, we also sell the TPY-2 as a forward deployed radar. And we really believe based on the customer feedback that this LTAMDS radar will also meet that market and being able to provide forward deployed radars that are not necessarily part of the Patriot system itself. In other words, a standalone radar offering for a -- and demanding 360 degree market that's out there today.
Toby O'Brien: And Sheila, this is Toby. I'll just add a couple of things. I mean this, I think Tom this in his opening remarks. But this extends your question about how this plays with Patriot today. So this is an extension that's going to carry Patriot on for decades as a franchise for Raytheon and Raytheon Technologies. Tom mentioned the $20 billion opportunity. I think that's probably a little conservative. We're going to continue to execute all our existing Patriot backlog. And then as Tom mentioned, we see demand already from foreign sales. There's going to be about 250 radars that will be subject to this upgrade. Bahrain, that Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, that's the 17th nation that will have Patriot. And this is really the premier franchise for the company, and it's going to be here well past our time for sure.
Operator: Your next response is from David Strauss. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: You guys have had a, I think prior you'd given a 2020 operating cash flow forecast of $4.6 billion. The numbers in the S-4 would have implied something, I think, a little bit even higher than that. And you now have a sales number that looks like it's coming in well above the S-4. So could you talk about maybe what we're looking at potentially for 2020 operating cash flow relative to that prior forecast? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: David, I'm not going to get into specific cash flow numbers for 2020, and I'll tell you why. So we provided some insights into the underlying business focused on, we look at strong book to bill next year, another record backlog in the sales growth. We didn't get into specifics around income or margin, or cash flow for that matter, really because with the pending merger, there's going to be a lot of things that are going to impact it compared to business as usual. That said, what I can tell you -- and I'll go a little bit broader than cash flow. From a underlying operational point of view, nothing has changed as it relates to how we're thinking about margins, our operating profit, our underlying ability to generate cash flow in 2020 and beyond. We still see opportunities there to grow our operating profit, expand margins, deliver strong free cash flow. And I think in a relative to the $4.6 billion from confirmation or affirmation, it's still a number. We're not backing off of that. But we'll give more precise numbers obviously post merger closing.
Operator: Your next response is from Peter Arment.
Peter Arment: Congrats on LTAMDS, maybe I'd just come back to it. Toby, what was factored into the S-4 kind of forecast? And then maybe just thinking about the contract structure here where you're funding 30% development costs. How do we think about that? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: Sure. Let me start with the second part of the question first. So you know the contract vehicle here, it is a OTA or an -- and other transaction authority, which doesn't work the same as a traditional contract in many ways. So essentially the way to think of it, we're performing R&D, research and development and customer will be reimbursing us for a portion of that effort. And there will also be some related capital to support it as well. As far as the projections in the S-4, if you think about this initial effort, this $384 million under the OTA that goes out into 2022 and all of our projections are factored. So the majority of this, the comment Tom made and I reinforced around the $20 billion, the majority of that would be on beyond the five year window that you saw in the S-4.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of Robert Spingran. Please go ahead.
Robert Spingarn: Just a clarification on LTAMDS given those questions. But is this the kind of thing, Toby, you say beyond 2022 is a good number in 10 radars a year, just trying to size it, 20 a year. And then my primary question is just on Missile Systems, and the margins there have been under pressure for a while now. And I think we saw some charges there after the fact as we went through your 10-Qs. So Tom, could you dig into what's happening at Missile Systems and how you get back to I guess it's a 13% implied number for Q4.
Toby O'Brien: So Rob, I'll hit the LTAMDS question first. So it's kind of hard to put a number on number of radars a year. We still need to get approval for any international sale through the U.S. government once we get through the OTA and these initial production representative units. But again, I'd just remind everyone there's 250 units that are out there that would be eligible to upgrade. And given the capabilities that these systems have, we would expect that if not all, the majority of those would be ultimately upgraded. And it may not be coming across -- I did say it's our premier franchise. We're really excited about this and the benefits that it brings to the company. And I'll let Tom start on the Missiles question and then I'll...
Tom Kennedy: Toby may be excited about it. But I can tell you I'm very, very excited about it. I mean, this radar has capability that has not been seen on a battlefield in any place in the world, and I think it's just going to change the entire dynamics relative to integrated air and missile defense for the U.S. forces and also its coalition partners. And then let me switch over into missiles. You're right. We're not happy about where the margins are right now with missiles. You can imagine that both Toby and I are taking a lot of interest in this area. We have made some major changes in the leadership out at Missiles. And we're already starting to see improvements in certain areas. And the fundamentals do remain strong. They have a strong business. We have two multi-years that were finalized the negotiations with, one is on the Standard Missile-6 and the other one is on the SM-3 Block 1B. And in addition to that we're negotiating kind of almost like a three lot but its three years of production on the SM-3 Block 2A. And in addition to that, we're in final negotiations on the SM-2. Like the whole Standard Missile family is being bought left and right. And so a lot of opportunity in the future in production. The missile company has had some productivity issues on some programs, which we believe we're on a road to clean up. But they also have got a quite a bit of classified business on board, which is a lot of development business, which has inherently lower margins. So by getting these multi-years in and these other production programs in, we'll increase the base, the production base with the higher margin content, which we believe will help us moving forward. In addition, we are significantly concentrated on the productivity improvements across all their programs, even their development programs. And so we're taking the best practices from across the company and applying them. One of my passions is program management excellence and we're all over that, and making sure that we're not missing anything in any of the areas. We have done quite a bit of work in leaning out our manufacturing facilities and upgrading them, and bringing in robotics and automation across the board to drive productivity improvements. We have done and completed all deep dives on any of these problem programs and we have them on the road back to recovery, which means on the road back to higher margins. So we do believe there is a solid path forward to getting back to the 13%-plus margins that this business traditionally has had. But we're going to drive beyond that and we're not going to be happy with what they achieved best in the past. We're going to continue to drive margins as high as possible. And I believe, looking at their business base in the out years and their mix starting to change relative to the heavy amount of production coming on board that we will attain that greater than 13% margins for that business.
Toby O'Brien: So Rob, let me just add a little bit specific here to Q4 part of your question. So I think you're right in sizing Q4, the high 12% into the 13% range. So given that, maybe a little bit of color on Q3 to try to help bridge to Q4. So as Tom said, below our expectations for the quarter, but we also acknowledge and recognize we're not going to turn things around overnight or within a quarter. That said, I think it's important to note that within Q3, we did have about a 50 basis point impact to the margins from some investments in the quarter to position the Company on a couple of competitive awards, which were not previously contemplated in the guidance. So things came up in the quarter in a favorable way that led us to make these investments, number one, and again, about 50 basis points worth. If you back that out and you look at Q3, we probably would have been in the high 10% range. And then the way I think about it, given that we're not going to solve things in a quarter. If I look at Q2, which admittedly was strong for the business compared to how they started the year, and you kind of take the average of Q2 and Q3, excluding the investments I referred to, they performed in the 11% range, give or take. So bridging 11% to Q4, it's really about half and half between mix improvement and net productivity improvement. The mix improvement in part we expect to be driven by a couple awards, one international one domestic where we would see some inventory liquidation, and those are production type awards that would naturally carry higher margins with it, and then again as I said, the other half coming from improved productivity. We do expect beyond the fourth quarter, Missiles margins to improve year over year into 2020. I won't repeat everything that Tom said. But we do believe there is a path over the next call it 12 months, 18 months to get this business performing back where we know it can.
Operator: You next response is from Seth Seifman.
Seth Seifman: Toby, I wondered if you could talk a little bit in the S-4 there's some really nice margin expansion, if you exclude the FAS\/CAS as we move from 2019 into '20. Should we be thinking about that same level of margin expansion with the higher sales base? And then you talked about the mix changing with IDS and SAS growing relatively fast. Is that the key driver or are there other things that we should focus on?
Toby O'Brien: So look, I'm not going to get into program details or specificity around that. But what I can tell you, just as a reminder, the S-4 information that was used to evaluate the merger, right, that's relatively dated. We've provided top line updates to how we're thinking of 2020. And again, that 6% to 8% is off of a higher outlook for 2019 than we were previously expecting. We do intend, and we will continue on focusing on expanding both the absolute profit contribution the business has as well as working to expand margins. We went back and looked in the last couple, three years going back to '16 we've done a pretty good job at increasing that segment profit contribution to the Company. It's a 20%-plus increase, about 6.5% compound growth over the last three years. So I think we have the formula there. I did mention that IDS and SAS are growing more relatively speaking than the other businesses next year, even though we expect growth across all of them and they are the highest margin businesses we have in the portfolio right now. So I think that bodes well for 2020 and beyond.
 Operator: Your next response is from George Shapiro.
George Shapiro: Can you walk us through where you stand in terms of Warfighter sales? I know you were expecting them to come down all through the year, but the strength in the margin and the growth this quarter suggests that maybe they continued to lag. And then the second part, one for Tom. With Vista putting the option to you, would you probably wind up selling or getting rid of Forcepoint before the merger closes? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: Sure, George. Let me start with the Warfighter. So for 2019 total year, we do expect Warfighter to be down about 40% year-over-year, which is about $400 million. A bit of a disproportionate amount of that coming in the fourth quarter I think in the $125 million to $150 million range, so maybe a third of that decrease. I think the IIS team has done a good job maximizing through the transition period the continuation of that effort. And sitting here today looking at Warfighter and the related scope -- follow-on scope for next year, probably going to be down another third. So in absolute terms, I think maybe $400 million contribution to revenue next year, down $200 million or a third from the levels in '19. But again, as we've said, as expected, right, we knew what the transition looked like and how it was going to play out and things are continuing on that way. IIS keeps performing well even unrelated to Warfighter, right. They're executing across the portfolio in a strong way. They've had a couple one-time type of events, but even without that their margin performance for the year is better than last year. So I'll kind of leave it with that and let Tom jump in on Forcepoint.
Tom Kennedy: On Forcepoint, as Toby mentioned in his opening remarks, Vista Equity Partners, did exercise their put option to require Raytheon to purchase their interest in Forcepoint. And so we soon will own 100% of Forcepoint. And our plans have not changed. From the day one, we still plan to expect to monetize Forcepoint to create value for our shareholders and then we saw some -- there's a lot of optionality relative to how we do monetize that. But it all remains in play in terms of monetizing the asset.
Operator: Your next response is from Cai Von Rumohr.
Cai Von Rumohr: So could you tell us how big classified was in terms of sales and bookings in the third quarter and expected for the year? And also Lockheed mentioned on their call that they expect counter-hypersonics awards to pick up, that they have been lower. And maybe be a little bit -- us some guidance in terms of what you expect in that area.
Tom Kennedy: For the third quarter, 21% of the total sales was classify and also 21% of the bookings was classified. And so it is a major part of the company. And just one note here is the classified work is -- we use the term here, it's the seed corn for our future. In other words, it's the funding that helps us develop that technology we have and take it forward. And then in the area of the counter-hypersonics, it's an area that we have actually been getting contracts and a lot of it's been in the classified area for the last five years. So it is a big part of our business, and it's not just on the missile stuff. As I mentioned before, the hypersonics includes the complete fire control chain, including the sensors that are required to be able to detect the hypersonic missiles, the command and control that takes that information, determines what weapon to release to impact that hypersonic missile it's going after against. And so it's distributed across the entire Raytheon company right now and across every one of our businesses has some type of counter hypersonic work that is going on. So it is a big part of our efforts here at Raytheon and growing, and thus also the whole hypersonic area by itself is growing for us.
Toby O'Brien: And I think, Cai, I think you asked about total year for classified too. And think of it very similar to Q3 right around call it 20% plus or minus a point one way or the other for both the bookings and sales, and based upon the outlook for the year we'll have a record year for classified sales this year as well.
Operator: Your next response is from Carter Copeland.
Carter Copeland: Just expansion a little bit on LTAMDS. I wondered if you could maybe dive into that whole self-funded R&D piece there and if that has any implications for IP or competition or lack thereof overtime, how does that compare long term to where you've been with Patriot.
Toby O'Brien: So I'll give you my answer and then Tom can jump in, right. So as part of the OTA, there is an arrangement around IP rights, for lack of a better way to say it. I feel very good about the deal that we ultimately struck here. I think it gives the government what they want and it gives us what we want. And I would say it this way, based upon what I know today, I feel really confident in our ability to achieve that $20 billion plus of opportunity to install LTAMDS as upgrades on the 250 fire units worldwide.
Tom Kennedy: And I think one of the other differences with this program, and I'll attribute it to the structure of the contract is we're going to be able to move much faster and in terms of getting a system through development and into production than we could on traditional contracts. And I think that's going to help us vis--vis our whole game here is to get through the development program, get it into production, into the hands of our customers which then creates additional demand, both domestically and internationally. So I think all over. I think we're in a very good track with the LTAMDS and having the right IP to be able to retain our position for the next several decades.
Operator: Your next response is from Ron Epstein. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein: So one question, two parts, second part is related to the first. So in the post LTAMDS thing, we got that, right. So that's great. What's the next thing on the horizon that you're looking for? What are the next big prizes out there? And then the second question is just assuming everything goes through with RTX, what can you bid for that you couldn't bid for today with the new capabilities you'll have?
Toby O'Brien: Let me take that. There is a whole range of new advanced systems that we're pursuing, a lot of them under the umbrella of classified. So it's very hard for us to kind of go in and describe them, but I'll give you two very large ones. One is the Precision Strike Missile, the PrSM missile that replaces the existing ATACMS system that's out there today. That is a program that we're heavily engaged in. The Army has already down-selected to two contractors: one is Raytheon and the other one, Lockheed. So we're competing against the Lockheed on this. And we believe we have a very solid offering that meets the Army's requirements. With the INF treaty going away, the Army is very, very interested in this program, and is actually expanding the range of the missile beyond the, I would call it, the initial solicitations range. Good news is we have a solution set that allows us to achieve that expansion. So we feel we're very good position on that. And then the other one is the Long-Range Standoff missile for the Nuclear Triad which we have been heavily engaged and again another area where the government has down-selected to two contractors: one is Raytheon and one is a Lockheed. And we've already received like $900 million for our effort just to be in the competition and we've developed some great technologies. It's very highly classified program. So I can't really talk a lot about it, but it is very large dollar value moving forward. And so we're actively engaged in both of those programs on the missile side. At IDS, the business that won the LTAMDS program, they have several radar programs that they're pursuing. And actually they just won a major one. We didn't really talk about it in our notes, but they won this called Solid State Module - Replacement win. Its value is up to about $2.3 billion, but it's to go back and replace and update all the way what's called the early-warning radars like PAVE PAWS and whatnot with new technology, GaN based radar technology. And so we won that program and we'll be working with the Air Force to incrementally upgrade each one of their early warning radars over the next five to eight years. That's about a $2.3 billion win there. So there's just a ton of these new development programs out there. Our biggest job here is -- Toby and myself is to really look at that. And we have a very good process that we look at in terms of determining what we're going to go do relative to what we're going to go bid on because there's a tremendous amount of opportunities on it. We're looking at is the opportunity of strategic fit, do we have the core competencies to execute to that opportunity. And we talked a lot about margins. We also look if we're going to get acceptable type margins out of the program. It's just a one-off program where it's all development and we essentially lead with one article and it has low margins. Several of those we haven't bid in the last couple years. And we've just let our competitors go off and develop systems that give low margins. And then the other one is do we have the right technical and cost discriminators, do we have the differentiators to go win. So we have a very well-defined process. All I can say is there's a lot of opportunities that were running through the process. And we're having to make some pretty hard decisions here about what to pursue and not to pursue. It's a great time for the Company. We made the right bets back in 2004 relative to where we made some technology investments over the years and those technology investments have given us the differentiators and discriminates to better these next-generation capabilities that the Air Force, the Army, and the Navy need, and we're in a very great position to go after a lot of these opportunities.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Ditamara, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Next response is from Peter Skibitski.
Peter Skibitski: Maybe your SAS kind of results and guidance already kind of addressed this, but how are you thinking about DOD's new space architecture that's kind of emerging and the opportunity set there, the market size, and as it relates to SAS?
Tom Kennedy: Well, it turns out, it relates to both SAS and IIS. IIS on the ground segment and SAS on the sensor side and also on part of that architecture, and we've been playing heavily into it. I think the area that has us very, very interested in because it's kind of new is the whole area of contested space and how that plays into this overall new space architecture. And as you can imagine, it's a new area. There's a lot of classified work. And if you look at SAS is probably the most classified business that we have and then you have IIS with I think the second the business with a lot of classified work in that area.
Toby O'Brien: And just to kind of put a wrapper around it for SAS. As we mentioned earlier, it's effectively neck and neck with IDS as our highest growing business this year. It's got the second highest margins. We're real pleased with what they've been doing, not only in space but in ISR as well. So they're having a real good year and positioned well to continue that into 2020.
Kelsey DeBriyn: That's all the time we have today. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter conference call in January.
Operator: Thank you for calling us today. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon First (sic) [Second] Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shannon and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby, and then move onto questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the Company's future plans, objectives and expected performance and the proposed merger with UTC constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. And with respect to the proposed merger and related matters in the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by UTC with the SEC on July 17th 2019. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Kennedy: Thank you, Kelsey. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon delivered very strong operating performance in the second quarter; sales increased 8.1% and our bookings, sales, operating margin, EPS and operating cash flow all exceeded our expectations. We continue to see strong global demand for advanced solutions. Our book-to-bill ratio in the second quarter was 1.32, this drove an increase in backlog of $3.3 billion year-over-year to a new record backlog of over $43 billion. Given these strong results, the opportunities we see in the second half of the year and the strength of our domestic bookings we are increasing our bookings outlook for the year by $1.5 billion. Our 2019 bookings performance positions us well for continued growth in the future. Also, we are increasing our outlook for sales, operating income, EPS and operating cash flow for the year. Toby will discuss additional details and that our second quarter performance and increases the guidance in a few minutes. This strong quarter with a healthy book-to-bill ratio and record backlog is clear evidence that we are making the right investments, in the right innovative technologies to position the Company for strong growth in the future. Additionally, I want to take a few minutes to discuss the breadth of Raytheon's franchises and the strength of our advanced and innovative technologies that are positioning the Company for this future growth. As we think about our franchises, we not only extend them by refreshing their technology, we also seek to take them internationally to broaden our markets. This has been our strategy with our combat proven Patriot franchise were during the quarter, we continue to make progress on international opportunities. In May, we booked almost $500 million on our next phase award with Romania to purchase Patriot. Additional follow-on awards to complete the program are expected to be booked in 2020 and 2021. We continue to see the total Raytheon Romania Patriot opportunity to be around $2 billion. And in June, we booked, almost $400 million on an award with the State of Qatar, the current member of the Patriot 16 country coalition to purchase additional Patriot capabilities. In July, we received an award from Germany for over $100 million to upgrade 14 Patriot fire units to the current configuration three plus. As you can see nations want to protect their sovereignty in demand signal for proven defensive systems like Patriot is strong in global. Demand for our integrated air and missile defense solutions is also driving growth in another key franchise. Over the last few months, we've added two new countries to the NASAMS family, a mid-range solution jointly manufactured by Raytheon and Kongsberg. In May, we booked over $500 million to provide NASAMS for Australia. And in early July, after the quarter close, we received the $1.8 billion award to provide Qatar with NASAMS. Qatar is 11th country to procure NASAMS, which uses a Raytheon radar and a fires multiple interceptors; including our AMRAAM, AMRAAM extended range and AIM-9X Missiles. As a result, NASAMS helps us expand two more of our franchises AMRAAM and AIM-9X. For AMRAAM, Raytheon is continuing to expand capability with the development of the AMRAAM extended range and expansion of capability to support land-based applications. As part of Qatar's procurement on the NASAMS system, we will also be the launch customer of the AMRAAM ER surface to air missile, which significantly extends both the range in the market on the NASAMS system. We expect the foreign military sales contract award from Qatar for AMRAAM ER next year. Given the current and projected domestic and SMS orders, we have line of sight to a production pipeline for AMRAAM for at least the next 15 years. In May, Raytheon launched an AIM-9X Sidewinder Block II missile for the first time from NASAMS, and engaged and destroyed a target during a flight test supported by the Royal Norwegian Air Force. This flight test opens the door for NASAMS customers to add a vital, short range layer to the ground based air defense to give them complementary interceptors to better engage and destroy threats. In the Airborne radar market, for innovating to extend franchises with our advanced Active Electronically Scanned Array or AESA solutions. In July, Raytheon was selected as a radar supplier for the B-52 bomber radar modernization program. Displacing the incumbent and extending our Airborne radar franchise. Under the contract Raytheon will design, develop, produce and sustain AESA radar systems for the entire US Air Force B-52 fleet. With improved navigation, reliability, mapping and detection range, the advanced radar upgrade will ensure the aircraft remains mission ready through 2050 and beyond. Technology is the backbone of Raytheon, and we had many accomplishments in the quarter that highlighted our capabilities. For example, during the quarter we announced that IIS is working with the US Military's V-22 Joint Program Office to test a new artificial intelligence tool to provide prognostic to better determine when repairs are needed for the multi-mode radar installed on the US Air Force CV-22 Ospreys. By using performance data we're already collecting on CV-22 radars, an AI tool can tell us exactly when the radar may need to be repaired or replaced, keeping the plane in service longer and saving money for the government. Raytheon and the Air Force are working on this pilot program with benefits expected as early as 2020. In June, our StormBreaker weapon completed operational testing moving a closer to initial operational capability and bringing this new capability to our domestic and international markets. This smart weapon is packed with innovative technology and has a trial mode seeker and data linked with embedded machine learning. As a result the seeker can detect, classify and track targets even in adverse weather conditions from stand-off ranges, and can eliminate a wide range of targets with fewer aircraft reducing the pilots time in harm's way. And in May, Raytheon successfully completed technical testing at White Sands Missile Range in support of the Sense-Off for the US Army's Lower Tier Air and Missile Defense Sensor. A two week missile defense demonstration highlighted Raytheon's readiness to deliver mission critical LTAMDS capability to the US Army. Our clean sheet approach and decades long investments in gallium nitride technology allowed us to demonstrate and deliver a mature solution that will meet the Army's initial operational capability. Our solution also showcased advanced capabilities and ease of maintenance and sustainment to soldiers. Earlier this month, we submitted a written proposal on LTAMDS addressing the Army's key evaluation criteria, and we are confident that we have the right advanced solution for our customer. In July, we completed a successful test of our Solid Rocket Motor for DeepStrike. Raytheon's offering for the US Army's Precision Strike Missile or PRISM program. PRISM will replace the ATACMS missile. Whether it be from our record backlog, breadth or franchises that we continue to refresh and take internationally. Our innovative technology solutions for our customers. The company is focused in firing on all cylinders. Our competitive win rates for Raytheon are around 70%, up from 50% a few years ago. We have a strong outlook for our business for the next five years, 10 years and beyond. In addition, we are also optimistic about the strength of the defense market, both domestically and internationally. For the US Defense market, the DoD budget environment continues to be strong with modernization accounts demonstrating healthy growth over the last few years. And internationally, the dynamic and unpredictable geopolitical environment continues to generate strong demand for advanced solutions across the regions of Europe, MENA and Asia Pacific. We begin the second half with continued confidence in our growth outlook and operating performance. It is from this position of strength and strong outlook that we agreed to combined with United Technologies Aerospace businesses and a merger of equals transaction. It was a little over a year ago when we also had a strong outlook for Raytheon and in defense market that I approach Greg Hayes. I did so because I was excited about what Raytheon and UTC could accomplish together by combining our technology to both further strengthen our current franchises and create new ones. Given the growth in the DoD research and development spending and the broad shift to new technologies to provide solutions to counter peer threats. In 2018 and 2019, the growth rates for the R&D accounts were higher than the growth rates of the base budget in overall modernization accounts. This growth trend is expected to continue in 2020 and beyond to support the National Defense Strategy. And plays to the strength of the combined company and as well aligned to the NDS priorities. By combining our technologies with UTCs complementary technologies, we can go after and win an increased number of these franchise opportunities. These revenue synergy opportunities from a combined technologies will turn into franchises and continue to be value generators for decades to come. Positioning the combined company to increase market share and outgrow the aerospace and defense markets. There are numerous examples of these revenue synergies; including, improved directed weapons by having an enhanced power source; opportunities to incorporate our new expeditionary landing system on military aircraft by changing software in a cockpit; using air traffic control experience to better position us to participate in upcoming air traffic control modernization competitions. And using engine signature management technology to better position us on a multi-billion dollar franchise opportunity. These are the few of the many revenue synergy examples that we expect to achieve as a combined company. The bottom line is we can start creating these revenue synergies immediately. On day one of becoming a combined company. These potential revenue synergies from our complementary technologies are sizable and in a multi-billions of dollars. In short, we are convinced of the merits of the transaction with UTC, and are confident about the benefits it will bring to our shareholders, customers and employees. Let me close by thanking all the members of the Raytheon team worldwide. They are the ones and we're developing the solutions to grow our franchises; meeting customer needs and delivering the performance; it gives us such a strong outlook. Thank you for helping us continue to create the trusted innovative solutions; we're known for around the world; and for helping us meet our commitments to our customers and shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Toby.
Toby O'Brien: Thanks Tom. I have a few opening remarks. Starting with the second quarter highlights, and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would please turn to Page 2. We are pleased with the very strong performance the team delivered in the second quarter with bookings, sales, operating margin, EPS and operating cash flow all better than our expectations. We had record bookings in the second quarter of $9.5 billion resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.32, and ended the quarter with a record backlog of $43.1 billion. Sales were $7.2 billion in the quarter, up 8.1% with growth across all of our businesses. Our EPS from continuing operations was $2.92 better than our guidance and an increase of 5% year-over-year. I'll give a little more color on this in just a moment. We generated strong operating cash flow of over $800 million in the second quarter, which was also better than our prior guidance primarily due to favorable collections. During the quarter, the company repurchased 1.7 million shares of common stock for $300 million bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 4.4 million shares for $800 million. I want to point out that under the merger agreement with United Technologies, we are restricted from repurchasing shares, I will discuss this further a little later. At a high level, we are increasing our full-year 2019 outlook for sales, operating income, EPS and operating cash flow, as well as making other updates. I'll provide more color on guidance in a few minutes. And as Tom mentioned earlier, we are raising our bookings outlook by $1.5 billion for the full-year. Turning now to Page 3. Let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Company bookings for the second quarter were $9.5 billion, approximately $800 million or 9% higher than the same period last year. And on a year-to-date basis, bookings were $14.8 billion, which were essentially in line with the comparable period last year. As Tom mentioned, the strong bookings positioned the company well for future growth. For the quarter, international was 33% of our total company bookings. Again, backlog at the end of the second quarter was a record $43.1 billion, up over $3 billion or 8%, compared to last year's second quarter. Approximately 38% of our backlog is comprised of international programs. If you now move to Page 4. For the second quarter of 2019, sales were above the high-end of the guidance we set in April. Primarily due to better-than-expected performance at our IIS missiles and SAS businesses. For the second quarter, our international sales were approximately 30% of total sales. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had second quarter 2019 net sales of $1.6 billion, up 8%, compared with the same quarter last year. The increase from Q2 2018 was primarily driven by higher sales on international Patriot programs. In the second quarter 2019, IIS had net sales of $1.8 billion, the 5% increase, compared with Q2 2018 was primarily due to higher net sales on classified programs in both cyber and space. And as we've previously discussed, we expect IISs growth rate to moderate in the back half of the year, due to the planned ramp down and transition on the Warfighter FOCUS program. Missile Systems had second quarter 2019 net sales of $2.2 billion, up 8%, compared with the same period last year. The increase was driven by higher net sales on classified programs, the high-speed anti-radiation Missile Program and the Phalanx program. SAS had net sales of $1.8 billion, an increase of 13%, compared with last year's second quarter. The increase in net sales for the quarter included higher net sales on classified programs; the Next Generation Overhead Persistent Infrared program and an international tactical radar systems program. And for Forcepoint, sales, were up 5%, compared with the same quarter last year. Overall, we're pleased with our strong total company sales, which grew 8.1% in the quarter. Moving ahead to Page 5. We delivered strong operational performance in the quarter. Our operating margin was 16.4% for the total company and 12% on a business segment basis. Our business segment margins were up 30 basis points versus last year's second quarter and better than our expectations at all the businesses. It's important to note that the company incurred $23 million of merger-related expenses in the second quarter of 2019, which was not included in the prior guidance and had an unfavorable impact of approximately 30 basis points in the quarter for the total company operating margin. Without these expenses, total company operating margin would have been up versus last year's second quarter. So looking now at margins by business. IDSs second quarter 2019 operating margin was 16.1% better than our expectations. You may recall, last year's second quarter benefited from improved productivity. IISs operating margin was particularly strong at 9.1%, up 150 basis points, compared to last year's second quarter, driven by higher net program efficiencies in the quarter. Missile's operating margin was 11.4% in the quarter, up 10 basis points, compared with the same period last year, primarily driven by a favorable change in program mix. SAS margin was essentially in line in the quarter, compared with the same period last year. And at Forcepoint, as we discussed on past calls, operating income was negative for the quarter, due to the seasonality of their business. We expect Forcepoint's operating income to be positive in both the third quarter and fourth quarters of 2019. From a total company point of view, we remain focused on operating profit and margin improvement going forward, and continue to see our business segment margins in the 12.1% to 12.3% range for the full-year. However, we now expect operating profit dollars in total to be higher due to sales and margin improvement at IIS. We see our segment margin improving in the back half of the year, driven by favorable program mix and productivity improvements. Turning now to Page six. Second quarter 2019 EPS was $2.92, 5% higher than last year's second quarter and was better than our expectations. Operating performance drove strong Q2 EPS, due to higher sales volume, higher margins and pension related items. As I previously mentioned, the merger-related expenses incurred in the second quarter of 2019 were not included in the prior guidance and had an unfavorable EPS impact of $0.06 in the quarter. Also as a reminder, last year's second quarter included a favorable tax related EPS impact of $0.33 related to a discretionary pension plan contribution. On Page 7, we've provided you with a 2019 financial outlook walk to bridge our prior view in April to our current guidance. I want to point out that we are now providing business segment and total operating income to show the progress we are making. As I mentioned earlier, we are increasing full year 2019 outlook for sales, operating income, EPS and operating cash flow to reflect our improved operating performance, as well as for lower corporate interest and other non-operating expenses. Let me take you through each of these items. In operations, we increased the sales range by $200 million, driven by higher domestic orders at IIS. We now expect our company sales to be up approximately 6.5% to 0.5% for the full year. This sales increase attributable to the IIS along with their margin improvement contributes about $30 million of operating income or $0.09 to 2019 full-year EPS. We're also increasing the operating cash flow outlook by $100 million to reflect higher anticipated collections in the year. Next, we've lowered corporate expenses by approximately $25 million improving EPS for the full-year by about $0.07. We are improving our net interest expense and other non-operating expenses, which in total is worth about $0.08 to EPS, compared to our prior guidance. Taken together, before accounting for merger-related items, we're improving 2019 full-year EPS by $0.24. These improvements to operating income and EPS are partially offset by merger-related expenses, which were not included in our prior guidance. We expect to incur approximately $40 million or $0.11 of expenses related to the merger in 2019, of which $23 million was incurred in the second quarter. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier as a result of the pending merger, we are restricted from repurchasing shares. This has an unfavorable $0.03 impact to our prior full-year 2019 EPS guidance. To summarize, we increased the sales range by $200 million and now expect our full-year 2019 guidance for net sales to be in the range of between $28.8 billion and $29.3 billion, up approximately 6.5% to 8.5% from 2018. The year-over-year increase was driven by growth in both our domestic and international business. We've increased our full-year 2019 outlook for segment operating income by $30 million and full-year 2019 EPS by $0.10 from our prior guidance, and now expect it to be in a range of $11.50 to $11.70. As discussed, the increase is driven by our improved operational performance in the second quarter, as well as expectations for the back half of the year. Moving to operating cash flow from continuing operations. As a result of the improved collections to-date discussed earlier, and our outlook for the balance of the year, we are updating our 2019 operating cash flow outlook to be between $4 billion and $4.2 billion. Similar to last year, our cash flow profile was more heavily weighted toward the fourth quarter, due to the timing of program milestones and collections on some of our larger contracts. On Page 8, we've provided you with our standard updated 2019 financial outlook, most of which I just discussed. Before moving on, I want to point out that we now see an improvement to net interest expense of approximately $10 million, and now expect it to be approximately $145 million for the full-year, reflecting higher average cash balances. And we have updated our diluted share count to be approximately 281 million shares for 2019. On Page 9, we've included guidance by business. We've increased the full-year sales outlook at IIS and for the total company to reflect the combination of stronger bookings and sales to-date and second half expectations. Now turning to margin, we've increased the range and expect higher full-year operating margin performance for IIS. The strong year-to-date results exceeded our prior estimates. And as I discussed earlier, for the full-year 2019 we increased operating income dollars at the business segment level by $30 million. Before moving on to Page 10, as I mentioned earlier, we are now raising our full-year 2019 bookings outlook to a range of between $31 billion to $32 billion, this reflects a $1.5 billion increase from the prior range and is driven by increased strong demand from our domestic customers. On Page 10, we have provided guidance on how we currently see the third quarter of 2019. We expect our third quarter sales to be in a range of $7.2 billion to $7.3 billion, and we expect EPS from continuing operations for Q3 to be in a range of $2.78 to $2.83. And for operating cash flow, we expect Q3 to be in a range of $800 million to $1 billion. Before concluding, the collaborative merger efforts and integration planning between Raytheon and United Technologies are under way and progressing well, including the recent S-4 filing last week. We look forward to the next steps in the process; including the definitive proxy filing and the shareholder vote later this year. And post closing, we look forward to Raytheon Technologies delivering strong free cash flow growth and deploying a significant amount of free cash flow to its shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. In summary, we had strong performance in the quarter, our bookings, sales, operating margin, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations were all higher-than-expected. We increased our full-year 2019 outlook for bookings, sales, operating income, EPS and operating cash flow. We remain well positioned for continued growth. With that, Tom and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Tom, could you touch on Missiles the performance here in the quarter and the changes that you've put in place there? Did those things, kind of, take hold faster than you thought. Just an overall update on the progress there? Thanks.
Tom Kennedy: So David. Thanks for the question. I think number one is the issues that Missiles are not as significant as I think some folks think. But we did put, we did change out some leadership, we put in our team to and we have some of the call program management, best practices. We went in and audited all their programs relative to those. Made some, I would call it, was more tune ups across the board, but we think Missiles is a strong company we think it has a lot of upside potential in the future and we were just putting our normal, I would call it best practices in place on program management. We've done and we did some deep dive and some of the programs that had some of the issues and put corrective actions in on those. And the other thing we have a lot of development activities going on, we're really trying to accelerate those development activities and get those into production as soon as possible, the main reason is to drive higher margin positions. And the other big area and this is a future thing for another uplift for Missiles is, they are right now, they are in the midst of negotiating two five-year multi-years; one is on the Standard Missile-6 and the other is on the SM-3 and that'll be a big plus to and obviously increased - significantly increasing the factory base for over about a period of seven years. So we're very upbeat about Missiles, I think they have a lot of upside to go, we're going to continue to press and driving them in that direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies & Company. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Tom, I just wanted to follow-up on your remarks at the Paris Air Show with regards to the state of the business, you touched on it a little bit. But over the next decade, maybe if you could expand on how you see that going above and just given the S-4, it seems like you have a very robust business profile on a stand-alone basis. So it didn't quite jive with those comments?
Tom Kennedy: Yes, so let me clarify the comments in Paris. First, as you saw from the strong performance this quarter, and also obviously defined in the S-4. We grew over 8% and achieved record backlog levels, and so bottom line is, Raytheon is very well positioned even as a stand-alone company, and we are well positioned for the next 10 years, 20 years and 50 years and beyond. At Paris, I was trying to convey something and that was really, it was really about the fact that, if we were to stop and I mean stop investing in IRAD and stop our CapEx efforts at Raytheon, it would eventually limit our growth potential and it was really under the auspices that we're in, and the environment we are today that it's a time where the DoD customers increasing its research development budgets and the spending of those budgets to support next generation systems. So as, you know, over the years - several years we have increased our internal investing in research and development, and also our CapEx to position the company for this future growth. And as a result, Raytheon is very well positioned even as a stand-alone company; for example, over the last few years, we won numerous franchises and accelerated our sales growth. And so bottom line is, let me be very clear here on this one, we are very confident about the proposed merger with United Technologies and how that combination will even further enhance value for our shareholders, customers and employees. But even as a stand-alone company Raytheon is very well positioned for the next 20 years and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS. Your line is open.
Myles Walton: I was hoping you could comment on two things; one, is just update us on the export licenses for the precision weapons. I imagine, you probably have them by now; and the second would be on the lower tier Air Missile Defense Sensor. The contract structure there is a rapid acquisition, and I guess the contractor is expected to self-fund about a third of it. Is that accomplished in your R&D profile and is that allowable expense back to the customer. Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: I'll start on the first one around the PGMs. So you're right, we recently did receive approved licenses from the State Department for about $1.2 billion worth of the PGMs that were previously awarded, but not - had not yet received our export approval, and we're now in the process of coordinating delivery of the completed product with our Mid-East customers. So some good progress there over the last couple of months.
Tom Kennedy: And on the lower tier system, I think it's really - and you probably know we are significantly pursuing that system, and we've been spending in several years developing the technologies for the - let me call it the way LTAMDS system. We believe we're very well positioned for that capability and to provide it the Army and so that they can be able to defend the most challenging complex in the integrated attacks. As I mentioned in my remarks, we did participate in the sense-off, I believe we put our best foot forward on that and provided the degree capability and actually demonstrated it at the sense-off. It was a wildfire environment, so we had a track life targets, we are able to demonstrate our unique technology that we brought to the game here at White Sands, and it was over a two-week demonstration period. And we have delivered our proposal you're right, the contract structure is something called it another transactional and it's a OTA and it does have a requirement for 30%, the content that can be provided by non-traditional contractors. And so, and that's the - there is, so there's two elements to that and we are working with non-traditional contractors and having them involved in helping us on that program. Bottom line, we're confident that solution that we provided for LTAMDS and - sometime in the September timeframe the Army said that they're going to make that final selection.
Operator: The next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth Seifman: I wanted to ask a quick question about the S-4 and so we look at the data in there we're kind of looking at 5-ish percent growth out in 2022 and 2023. And when we look at the investment account budget for fiscal '20 that's been submitted, and probably consistent with the budget deal announced this week, it's flat to slightly up in the investment account maybe something kind of similar in '21. Based on your visibility and your programs domestically and internationally, would that kind of flat to slightly up investment accounts in '20 and '21 be consistent with that 5% growth in '22 and '23?
Toby O'Brien: Yes, Seth. It's Toby. Let me take a crack at that here. So I think if you step back from the S-4, while we hadn't previously quantified anything we've been pretty consistent in saying that based upon at many points in time where our backlog was, our bookings outlook, the alignment with both domestic and international customer needs. We saw that we were going to be able to continue to grow the company beyond in this case 2019 for the next three or four years, right? So S-4 is directionally consistent with that type of commentary that we provided in the past. The other thing, I would point out here, right? We have been continuing to make our investments, both from an R&D point of view or capital point of view in ways that aligned with customer priorities as dictated by the NDS and clearly as have been funded through the last few budget cycles, especially in the RDT&E account. I think, you know, more importantly, it's worth noting that since the date of the projections in the Form S-4, right? We are increasing our 2019 sales guidance that we just talked about this morning, as well as because of the increase in our bookings, the expected backlog that would have entering 2020, which gives us a high degree of confidence in our ability to continue to grow the company at or beyond levels that we - that you see in the S-4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Cai von Rumohr: So, one of your competitors mentioned that they have 3.5 billion of orders for hypersonic missiles about five or six programs. Could you update us on your position in hypersonics and your backlog with respect to both offensive and defensive hypersonics. Thanks so much.
Tom Kennedy: Yes, Cai, let me, cover that. I mean as we've discussed in the past, both hypersonics and counter hypersonics are the areas we continue to invest in for future growth and participate in DoD programs in that area. And we're actively working multiple hypersonics, encounter hypersonics programs, for example, we have the Hawk system, the Tactical Boost Glide, and we're also participating in the Navy's Conventional Prompt Strike and also the Army's long range hypersonic weapons programs, and also some other classified hypersonic and also counter hypersonic program. So it is becoming a big part of our portfolio moving forward, and there's really three main categories including the air breathing hypersonics weapons and that's the Hawk program and as we discussed on past calls, this program is successfully executing, it did complete a free jet two testing at NASA's Langley 8 foot in a high temperature tunnel, and then final analysis though show a great comparison between the predictions and test results, and so it's substantiating our system range performance predictions and putting us toward on the next step. And you probably saw in the press, we have signed agreement with Northrop, we are working with them on developing and producing the next generation Scramjet combustors and to help power the Raytheon's air breathing hypersonic weapons. The second category is the hypersonic boost glide weapons they call them TBGs or Tactical Boost Glide and ground-launched hypersonic boost glide weapons back in February of this year. DARPA did award Raytheon and TBG contract and so we're off and working on effort. And we're also developing several counter hypersonic weapons and also the entire integrated counter hypersonic kill chain; including the sensors and as I mentioned, on the calls, we really believe that the counter hypersonic market is actually larger than the hypersonic market for multiple reasons; one, is it not only doesn't include the weapons to counter the hypersonic weapons, but it also includes the entire kill chain communications and sensors. And so Raytheon continues to build this presence in both the hypersonic encounter hypersonic market, we're continuously and strategically investing in some of these top technology areas to make sure that we have the right solutions to bring forward to in the future competitions in both the hypersonic and counter hypersonic area. And as we mentioned, there are multiple potential revenue synergies also with the proposed merger with the UTC from some of their complementary technologies relative to hot areas of engines in the materials required to it use in those areas. And so we see those complementary technology solutions helping us even further in our hypersonic areas.
Toby O'Brien: And Cai, let me just add a little bit on the financial side of things, right? So, especially in the area of, kind of, hypersonics right, that gets across all elements of our company. Okay, not just our missiles business and as you can imagine there are parts of that, that are classified or highly classified. So we're a little constrained on what we can, kind of, put out there. What I can tell you as it relates to our missiles business only right, relative to the work that they're doing on the vehicles and related to hypersonics. We'd expect revenue in the aggregate about $300 million this year and for a growing backlog. Their backlog grew here in the second quarter, compared to first and would expect that to continue, certainly for the next 12 months to 18 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Your line is open.
George Shapiro: I noticed that operations in the quarter by year-end numbers were up $0.23 by mine, and I had above estimates guide $0.15, Toby. But for the year, you're only raising it by $0.09. So I assume, it means the second half you're expecting somewhat weaker performance in this quarter took some from the second half. And the other quick questions I have is the missile margin guide still requires north of 12% in Q3 and Q4. So just want to comment on that. And on the other side that requires a sharp reduction on the IIS margin in the second half? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: So let me start with the overall company level EPS. I mean as I said earlier, we're pleased with the increase of the $0.24, prior to the merger related impacts, right, that were offset by $0.11 of expenses and $0.03 from a higher share count that netted to the $10 and we're extremely pleased with our performance in the quarter. We had several of the business is outperforming our expectations. Some of this is timing as you alluded to, I think timing between Q3 and Q2 and it does give us confidence in the overall guidance in the outlook for the year. As I said at IIS with their strong performance in Q2 and their expected performance in the back half combined with their volume and margin that's where they - the flow-through of that $0.10 to the total year is primarily driven by, in addition to the improvements we saw in corporate, and some of the non-operating items. So overall, we're pleased with it, but timing is really the way to think of it right, that we saw some strong performance in the quarter from a margin point of view, some improvements we expected in the second half primarily Q3 moving into the second quarter. So missile specifically again, we're pleased with the 11.4% margin that they delivered here in Q2, it was ahead of what we were expecting. As you pointed out, you're right, we continue to see their margins increasing and improving in the back half of the year. The combination of some new and anticipated production awards will be ramping up from a total year basis, we expect better productivity and overall missile's margins about in line with 2018 at the midpoint of the range - in the midpoint of the range of 11.5% to 11.9%. So from an IIS point of view, clearly, they've had a outstanding start to the year with their performance, including in Q2. We did raise their guidance by another 20 basis points to the 8.2% to 8.4% of the range. And yes, we do expect the margin in the back half is going to be a little bit lower driven by mix and again the timing of some of the performance improvements they saw accelerated into Q2 versus Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ronald Epstein: Can you talk to a bit, how you think about kind of two - how does BBN fit-in, in your view given the combined or it seems like that [indiscernible] how do you guys had? And then two, commercial offset so when you're doing your international work and your offsets all of a sudden you have a much larger portfolio of things that you could offset with? How do you think about that?
Tom Kennedy: Let me talk about the first thing is, you're right, Ron, yes we between the two companies, we have a powerhouse of technology. One of the areas with some of our technology concentrated is BBN, which is kind of our research on does a significant amount of work with DARPA, and a lot of technology, I would call futuristic technology development has been kind of our leader in artificial intelligence and machine learning for us, and in several other key areas. Right now that system is connected directly into our four businesses and their advanced programs area as a very tight coupling. So we try to do it, even though we're developing advanced technology, we try to tie that back directly to our mission areas, so that we can accelerate the development of that technology into the solutions that we provide for our customers. And that is a model that we are going to take forward into the merger as we move forward, we're going to ensure that we don't break that and moving forward. We have some organizational construct works that we're doing, because United Technology is also has a research group that does work and it's also connected into their businesses. So the end game is to essentially try to drive the synergies with all this technology that we're developing. In a way that we can actually make this kind of technology one plus one equals three, and we're looking at accelerants by combining this technology in these different areas. But the bottom line is, there is a significant amount of opportunity in the technology area, and then the technology is complementary and where we're trying to work that organizational construct, so we make sure we maximize the benefits of that to both companies in the merger.
Toby O'Brien: And I think Ron, on your second comment and Tom can jump in here and add some color, that's another synergy opportunity around the offsets clearly having more capability to put forward to satisfy what our international customers are looking to do relative to localization and developing indigenous capability is an key area that will be working some planning around, and then post merger figuring out how to take full advantage of the capabilities that United Technologies Aerospace businesses will bring to the table, and give us more avenues to satisfy and fulfill offsets.
Operator: And your next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. Your line is open.
Peter Arment: Toby, if I just circle back on ISS margins, it wasn't clear to me why is it just all related to the Warfighter ramp down that why you're seeing margins come down pretty significantly in the second half. I know you've - that's a very strong performance in the first half, but what exactly are we seeing there? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: Yes, you know, it's two or three things, right? The Warfighter volume reduction is part of it and that is definitely more pronounced in the back half of the year, significantly more pronounced in the back half of the year than it was in the first half. And part of the strength of their margin here in the quarter at the 9.1% was their productivity improvements and they were able to accelerate some from the second half into the second quarter from Q3 to Q2. And then to a lesser degree, they do have some general mix with other programs that have a lower margin and a heavier revenue contribution in the second half. But that all said overall, they are performing well, hitting on all cylinders, we raised their margin again, we're more than confident in their margins going forward. And I know it wasn't a specific part of your question, but I would tell you and we've touched on this at times on past calls, when folks have asked. Based upon the portfolio in IIS and depending upon mix of their business, including as they work to capture more international work at especially around cyber. This is a business that could approach 9% margins, depending upon how things line up. So the team there is doing a great job and we're very pleased with their performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland: Just kind of quick two part are on and just to follow-up on the hypersonics discussion. I wondered from what's increasingly in the public domain on the hypersonics versus counter hypersonics it looks there's a lot more funding and effort on the counter on the hypersonics front and counter hypersonics, and I wondered if that's consistent with what you've seen in your portfolio or if there is a classified dynamic there that makes those a lot more equal in size. And then I know on prior calls, Tom you've emphasized counter hypersonics is a - perhaps the bigger of the two opportunities for you. And I just wondered when you think about the elements of that, whether it's traditional radars and traditional air missile defense, things of that nature, which are really kind of core capabilities of your company today. How the UTC transaction helps in the counter hypersonics realm or if sort of off on that, any color there would be great?
Tom Kennedy: Yes. So, number one, let me set this straight. I mean, the hypersonics is a big element for the Department of Defense and are pushing that forward. But I can also tell you that they are fairly a very large effort relative to counter hypersonics and there's activities going on there a lot of that is in the classified areas. I can't get into a lot of details, but what I can tell you is the counter hypersonics efforts across every one of our four businesses. IIS, SAS, missiles and even IDS. And then reason is, it requires a solution for the entire fire control chain to be able to go detect the threat and then make your decision on what you're going to do with that threat, and then track that threat, all the way through its flight path and then interdict somehow to destroy that threat. And the elements to go through the counter hypersonics, it just more parts and therefore more parts ones that being more things to develop and integrate, and so that's why it's really a bigger and that's why I use the word that it's a larger market for us relative to our entire business. In any case bottom line is we are heavily participating in both and we believe the future will help us even further. And then relative to UTC, I mean, they're helping us and they will take - will be able to help us once we close relative to their technology especially into high temperature materials into inlets or hypersonic engines in that area, and they will also do have some high-end sensors that we don't have and we don't participate in areas that potentially could help us in that fire control chain.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard: Tom a quick question for you on the merger. Have you been surprised by the sort of feedback that you've been getting from investors?
Tom Kennedy: Well, we've - it depends on the - interest on the investors, I've been getting a lot of positives from investors across the board. I think so lot of our investors do see exactly the benefits of the merger moving forward. And I think the area - whole area of technology and being able to combine the - I would call the power - powerhouse companies relative to their technology areas, and bring it to bear on an entire front moving forward has been very, very well taken by our investors, who understand the details of the companies and the technologies that they are developing. So we - most of the stuff we've been hearing is pretty positive.
Robert Stallard: Go ahead.
Toby O'Brien: And Rob, would just add in going back to the original announcement and I think we've talked about this. So this wasn't a combination that was rumored, right? So clearly people were not expecting it, we continue to engage with our investors as they have more questions about the deal, and I think what people are, from a financial point of view, starting to really understand the long-term cash flow generation potential for this business. The incremental free cash flow growth we talked about the $18 billion to $20 billion of capital being returned to shareholders in the first three years. We put a number out there of about $8 billion in 2021, which would kind of be the first full year based upon a mid 2020 close. We've also put a little more color around that, that's conservative by plus or minus $1 billion, so I think people are getting their head around it, right. It's got something for everybody, it's not that long-term strategic play underpinned by the complementary technologies, the revenue synergies that, as Tom mentioned in his opening remarks - we believe we're going to be measured in the billions. It's got the synergies that would provide shareholders to benefit that from the near-term and then all the elements, I won't repeat them from a financial perspective around the cash flow generation of the Raytheon Technologies Company.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Shannon, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Your line is open.
Pete Skibitski: Tom, could you talk about some of these smaller programs at missiles that you have going on. I hate to get too far into the weeds, but I think they're interesting and kind of emerging - this scenarios for the military. One is just Coyote, do you announced a contract here this quarter for, not huge, but not small either. In this FEAVR radar and this Hawk whole program, could you give us some color on some of those and maybe you can talk about the market size. They just sound pretty interesting.
Tom Kennedy: Yes, I'll talk about the Coyote first, actually that's a bright - really bright super bright star for missiles, that was an - did an acquisition of a small company back in 2015, and it had a - this UAV on it. And then the reason is we went into the acquisition, I think was about $7 million. Today there is some technology in swarming - UAV swarming technology. And so we were able to take that system and integrated into some of our other solutions that we're doing to co-create, we call it now Coyote system. And then integrated that with one of our radars are kind of call it our KuRFS radars to create a new system called Hauler, Hauler that was just IOC by the United States Army, and the Army is buying these systems for counter-UAS, so this UAS actually goes off in attacks other UAS and kill them and it's been, it's actually, it's very - it's a lower cost systems. So it's a way of killing lower cost the UAS, and it's in - and I think the Army is going off and going to be buying quite a few of those. So it's a very, very great program there. The other I would call a contract that I would like to bring up that in the area of missiles, is they are pursuing a program called Precision Strike Missile and that is a new system for then really a brand new franchise for us moving forward. We're very positive on that system, it's a system that is required by the Army to replace their attack him system and move that up to a longer range, but within the INF treaty, which may end, and on August 2nd, so if that happens, there will be more activity in this area and more upside and potential for the missile company in that arena.
Kelsey DeBriyn: That's all the time we have. Thank you for joining us this morning, we will look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter conference call in October.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes Raytheon second quarter 2019 earnings call. Thank you for joining and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Raytheon First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shanon, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Thank you, Shanon. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We will start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release, and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Kennedy: Thank you, Kelsey. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon delivered strong operating performance in the first quarter. Sales increased 7.4% and our bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow were all better than expected. We had backlog of over $41 billion, which is up almost $3 billion versus the same period last year. Our trailing four quarter book-to-bill ratio is strong at 1.13, and our growth strategy continues to be aligned with the needs of our global customers. Overall, I was pleased with our results in the first quarter, including strong performance at IIS and SAS, which more than offset missile's performance, which was below our expectations. Toby will review additional details about the quarter in a few minutes. Given the constantly evolving threat environment, I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss some of the innovative solutions we are developing consistent with Raytheon's long history of pushing the bounds of what is possible. Today, we are at the forefront providing advanced technology solutions for customers the most complex challenges. And we are seeing strong future opportunities in our core capabilities, such as in radars and missiles. And a great accomplishment for the company and our customer for the first time in March, The U.S. Missile-Defense Agency, in partnership with the industry team, launched two Raytheon exoatmospheric kill vehicle in back-to-back tests. One EKV successfully destroyed a complex threat representative intercontinental ballistic missile outside of the Earth's atmosphere, while the other EKV gathering test data in what is now known as a two-shot salvo engagement. This was a critical milestone for the ground-based midcourse defense system, and it also relied on Raytheon's advanced sensing capabilities, such as the Sea-Based X-Band Radar, 52 radar and multispectral targeting system on unmanned aerial vehicles to provide EKV with tracking and targeting data of the ICBM. Next, as we have discussed on prior calls, Raytheon is a leader in providing the next generation of GaN based naval radars. Our air and missile defense radar and our enterprise air surveillance radar for the U.S. Navy and international customers will form the backbone of radar capabilities for U.S. and allied surface fleets of the future. The AMDR provides integrated air and missile defense capabilities with greater range, increased accuracy and higher demonstrated sensitivity, allowing us to counter large and complex rates. EASR is the navy's next-generation radar for aircraft carriers and amphibious warfare ships that provide simultaneous anti-air and anti-surface warfare, electronic protection and air traffic control capabilities. Understanding our customers' need for performance and disputed relevance, we are making considerable progress on these advanced capabilities. During the first quarter, AMDR completed its latest and most complex test and has exceeded all performance requirements. The radar is currently in low rate initial production and on-schedule for delivery to Navy's first modernized DDG 51 Flight III class ship in 2020. And in March, we booked over $400 million for the next award of 3 AMDR LRIP units. A for EASR, in April, the radar was moved to Wallace Island in Virginia to begin its next phase of system level testing. We expect EASR to shift from the engineering and manufacturing development phase to the production phase at the end of 2019. And earlier this week, we received the first of two critical contracts from the missile-defense agency valued at approximately $400 million for 52 radars as part of the kingdom of Saudi Arabia's purchase of the terminal high altitude area defense or THAAD area missile defense system. We continue to see the total Raytheon opportunity on this program to be around $3 billion. In the area missiles, Raytheon is continuing our leadership as a provider of numerous advanced and innovative solutions to our customers. During the quarter, Raytheon and U.S. Army completed a successful preliminary design review for DeepStrike, Raytheon Solution, to meet the Army's precision strike missile, or PrSM requirement. This moves the missile down the development path toward its first flight test planned for later this year. The new missile's range and speed will enable Army combat units to engage targets over vast geographic areas in high threat environments, and will fly farther, faster in fact, more punch than the current missile. And our franchise win at the naval strike missile for the U.S. Navy last year continues to show opportunities for growth. The missile is offered by Raytheon in partnership with Kongsberg. And recently, we entered into an agreement that expands the franchise further by integrating NSM into U.S. Marines' existing force structure to support the national defense strategy and modernization efforts. And in April, we saw further extension of the NSM franchise with an approved international sale to integrate NSM onto rotary wing aircraft. We are also developing both offensive and defensive hypersonic systems, and providing our nation's military with the advanced tools they need to stay ahead of the escalating threat. In March Raytheon was awarded the DARPA contract to further develop the tactical boots glide hypersonic weapons program. This joint DARPA and U.S. Air Force effort includes a critical design review, a key step in building the technology. In addition, we are working on advanced interceptors for missile defense. During the quarter, Raytheon successfully completed more than 1,700 rigorous wind tunnel tests on the newest extended range variant of the combat proven AMRAAM air-to-air missile. Testing is a major step in the missile's qualification for integration with the NASAMS' ground based air defense system. The AMRAAM-ER missile intercept targets at longer distances and higher altitudes, thus, enhancing system performance for our customers worldwide. While we are pleased with the growth missiles has achieved, and we remain confident about the future opportunities, we recognize there is more work to be done to meet our expectations on performance. The fundamentals that missiles remains very strong and we are implementing action plans to improve program execution. In the mean time, as I previously mentioned, we are pleased with the strength in the rest of our portfolio, especially at IIS and SAS, which offset missile's performance. In addition to the strong performance at IIS, earlier this year an IIS team demonstrated a land-based expeditionary version of its joint precision approach and landing system with JPALS for the first time to the U.S. Air Force, Navy and Marine Corp officials. The precision landing system is currently used on ships to guide F-35Bs in all types of weather. JPALS has the potential to help any fixed or rotary wing aircraft land in rugged low visibility environments at austere bases worldwide. I would like to highlight one more of our many innovative solutions this one at SAS. Last year, we were selected as one of two companies to complete for the opportunity to provide the mission payload for the next generation overhead for persistent infrared program. Next Gen OPIR is a new missile warning satellite system for the U.S. Air Force aimed at countering emerging global threats. During the first quarter, we were awarded a proposal update. And in April, we successfully completed the payload system design review on-schedule. We are in an era of rapid technological change. And as a result, it is becoming clear that the solutions our customers will need in the future relative to escalating threats will most likely to be complex systems, integrating multiple technologies, including radars, missiles, missile-defense and cybersecurity. This is an area of strength for Raytheon. With our deep portfolio capabilities and leading franchises across all of our segments, we are well-positioned to be a key partner for our customers. The initial development of our advanced capabilities is often through our classified work, which as we've discussed on past calls points next-generation technology development that is integral to the long-term growth of our future franchises and production awards. And our Classified Business was once again strong in the first quarter with Classified bookings up 37% and Classified sales up 22% versus the same period last year. Turning to D.C., we were pleased to see the increase in the base budget and modernization levels in 2020 Department of Defense budget request that was released in March. Raytheon programs fared well in the request with notable increases from weapons, radars and C5ISR programs. The budget request was clearly driven by the priorities of the national defense strategy with the research and development accounts increasing substantially to develop high end capabilities to counter peer threats. And the NDS aligns well with our other innovative solutions that address our customers' most complex challenges. We will continue to work to ensure robust funding for our programs, which are a critical need for customers. In closing, the Raytheon team remains focused on driving strong execution and future growth, backed by workforce of over 67,000 employees and a corporate culture grounded in our company's values. These values, trust, respect, collaboration, innovation and accountability, guide the way we engage with colleagues, customers, investors and other stakeholders. Now let me turn the call over to Toby.
Toby O'Brien: Thanks, Tom. I have the opening remarks, starting with the first quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. So everyone return to Page 3. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in the first quarter with bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow better than our expectations. We had bookings in the first quarter, resulting in a strong trailing four quarter book-to-bill ratio of 1.13 and a backlog of over $41 billion. This positions us for continued growth throughout 2019 and beyond. Our sales in the quarter were $6.7 billion, up 7.4% with growth across all of our businesses. Our EPS from continuing operations was $2.77, better than our guidance and an increase of 25.9% year-over-year. I'll give a little more color on this in just a moment. We had an operating cash outflow of $411 million in the first quarter, better than the guidance we provided in January. And as expected, operating cash flow was lower than last year's first quarter, primarily due to higher net cash taxes and the timing of payments. During the quarter, the company repurchased 2.8 shares of common stock for $500 million. And I would add that last month, we announced an 8.6% increase in our dividend. This marks the 15th consecutive year of increasing dividends at Raytheon. Turning now to Page 4. Let me start by providing some detail on our first quarter results. Company bookings for the first quarter were $5.4 billion, resulting in backlog at the end of the first quarter of $41.1 billion. This represents an increase of approximately $3 billion or 8% compared to the first quarter 2018. It's worth noting that around 38% of our backlog is comprised of international programs. If you now move to Page 5. For the first quarter of 2019, sales were better than the high end of the guidance we set in January. Sales were especially strong at IIS. Looking now at sales by business, IDS had first quarter net sales of $1.6 billion, up 4% compared with the same period last year. The increase from Q1 2018 was primarily driven by higher sales on various Patriot program and a naval radar program. In the first quarter, IIS had net sales of $1.8 billion. Compared with the same quarter last year, the 12% increase was primarily due to higher net sales on classified programs in both cyber and space. As we've previously discussed, we expect ISS's growth rate to moderate in the back half of the year due to the continued planned ramp down and transition of the Warfighter FOCUS program. Missile systems had net sales of $2 billion, up 9% compared with the same period last year. SAS had net sales of $1.7 billion in the first quarter of 2019, up 5% compared to last year's first quarter. The increase from Q1 2018 was primarily due to higher net sales on classified programs. And at Forcepoint, sales were up 12% in the quarter compared with last year's first quarter. Overall, we're pleased with our total company sales, which grew 7.4% in the quarter. Moving ahead to Page 6. Now, let me spend a few minutes talking about our margins in the quarter. Our operating margin was 16.5% for the total company and 11.8% on a business segment basis, both generally in line with last year's first quarter, and better than our expectations at the company level. IDS margin was lower in the first quarter 2019 as expected, primarily due to lower sales on a large international Patriot program awarded in last year's first quarter. IIS's margin was higher by 310 basis points compared to last year's first quarter, primarily due to a gain of $21 million related to the consolidation as planned of an entity that was previously an equity investment, and from $13 million gain from the sale of excess assets. Excluding these items, the margin at IIS would be about 8.5% better than last year's first quarter, primarily due to higher net program efficiencies. Missile's margin was lower in the first quarter compared with the same period last year, and lower than our expectation. We expected there to be an impact from program mix in the first quarter, but we also saw lower than planned net program efficiencies, which I'll discuss further when I review our outlook by business. From a total company point of view, we remain focused on margin improvement going forward, and continue to see our business segment margins in the 12.1% to 12.3% range for the full-year, consistent with the guidance we laid out in January. We see our margin improvement in the back half of the year driven by favorable program mix and productivity improvements. Turning now to Page 7. First quarter 2019 EPS of $2.77 was up 25.9% from last year's first quarter and was better than our expectations. The year-over-year increase was largely driven by higher sales volume and pension related items. On Page 8, as I mentioned earlier, we have updated the company's financial outlook for 2019. We continue to expect our full-year 2019 net sales to be in the range of $28.6 billion to $29.1 billion, up 6% to 8% from 2018. We still expect our full-year 2019 EPS to be in the range of $11.40 to $11.60. As I discussed earlier, we repurchased 2.8 million shares of common stock for $500 million in the quarter, and continue to see our diluted share count in the range of between 279 million and 281 million shares for 2019, driven by the continuation of our share repurchase program. Operating cash flow in the first quarter was higher than our prior expectations, primarily due to the timing of collections. Given that it is still early in the year and our cash is back half weighted, we continue to see our full-year 2019 operating cash flow outlook to be between 3.9 billion and 4.1 billion. And although not on the Page, it is worth noting that we continue to see our full year 2019 bookings outlook to be between $29.5 billion and $30.5 million. Turning now to Page 9, as you can see, we've included guidance by business. Before I discuss the other businesses, I wanted to address missiles first. At missiles, as I mentioned earlier, we saw lower-than-expected net program efficiencies this quarter. As a result, we have reduced their outlook to reflect first quarter performance and what we now expect for the balance of the year. We now see their margin to be in the 11.5% to 11.9% range. As Tom mentioned earlier, we have an action plan in place to improve their execution. The strong performance we saw at both IIS and SAS in the first quarter and their improved outlook for the remainder of the year offset the performance at missiles. This reflects the strength of our balanced portfolio. We now expect ISS margins of 8% to 8.2%, which is up 20 basis points over the prior outlook we provided in January. And we've updated SAS margins to 13.2% to 13.4%, an increase of 30 basis points from our prior outlook. As a result, it's important to note that for the full year 2019, we continue to see our business segment margins in the 12.1% to 12.3% range for the full-year, consistent with the guidance we laid out in January. We are committed to improving margin across all of our businesses. And this focused effort is now starting to come through in the margin performance at our ISS and SAS businesses. On Page 10, we provided you with our outlook for the second quarter of 2019. As we mentioned on our last call, we still expect the cadence for the balance of 2019 to play out similar to 2018. We see sales, EPS and operating cash flow ramping-up sequentially in the second half of the year. I want to point out that we expect second quarter sales to be in a range of approximately $6.95 billion to $7.1 billion and EPS from continuing operations is expected to be in a range of $2.50 to $2.55. We expect operating cash flow to be in a range of $500 million to $700 million. Before concluding, I'd like to spend a minute on our capital deployment strategy. As we said on the call in January, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet that provides us with financial flexibility. We remain focused on deploying capital in ways that create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investments to support our growth, obtain a sustainable and competitive dividend, reducing our share count, making targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs and making discretionary contributions to the pension. In summary, if you stand back and look at the quarter, we had strong performance, which provides a solid foundation for the balance of 2019. Our bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations were all above our expectations. And we remain well positioned for continued growth. With that, Tom and I will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies and Company. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: On missiles, how do we think about the franchise programs? Tom, you mentioned in your prepared remarks and how they develop longer-term as growth drivers and maybe just the return on sales of those assets. And then as a follow-up, you both mentioned actions have been placed for MS. Can you maybe describe that a little bit more? Thank you.
Tom Kennedy: Let me start-off with the franchises. I think whats unique about missiles is the fact that they have a strong -- first of all, a very strong stable of existing franchises that have gone to a syndicated refresh here over the last five years. In other words, new technology being inserted into them, essentially give them legs for another two decades. And the other one is that the success we've had in extending those franchises in international marketplace. And what's special now is that we have an opportunity for some, brining some new franchises on-board. We just brought one on-board NSM. I mentioned, how just within a matter of six months, we've extended that franchise into two other mission areas, so essentially doing three mission areas right off the bat. The other items are the ones where we're in a competition for one is the PrSM, which is a precision strike missile for the United States Army. And that program there it's just had very successful test that had CDR I mentioned and it just had a very successful motor test. So we're very keen that that we're in a very good position to potentially win that new franchise. And that will replace all of the Army's that comes out in the field today and give us the Army number one in a great significant capability, but also a brand new franchise for Raytheon. And we're also working on the next generation nuclear weapon for the LRSO program that is in competition that has down select out in the 2022 period. And thats also the next generation weapon for the United States Air Force, and with about over a thousand weapons that will be procured over a period of time. So I feel very strongly about, number one, we call it the competitiveness of our existing franchises and our ability to extend them over a couple decades and then also provide them international legs and the new opportunities we have at missile. So bottom line is missiles has a lot of upside in terms of growth and we're supporting that. In fact the action plan that we're taking at missiles, this is the -- for us, so we have a new leader that has come on board thats Wes Kramer. Wes was President of IDS, did a great job for us at IDS. He has also been at missiles support. He ran their largest business area, which was a standard missile business. So he knows the business. He knows the levers to pull to drive I think both continued growth and also margin expansion there. And we know we've been putting in some of the very detailed action plans to go drive margin expansion in the business. We're very certain for the margin range we have for this year's set, but we're also very positive on growing margins incrementally in '20 and then '21, and that sets our main focus at missiles.
Toby O'Brien: And Sheila, I'll just add a little bit on the details of the things that we're doing out there. So there's already been some changes that have been made. There were some modifications to the word structure. Some product lines were consolidated, which obviously reduces management costs. There were some other leadership changes made on the staff. The team out there continues to review the cost structure, looking for opportunities to get benefit of the leverage that we have given the growth we've seen. We're reviewing the factory operations for incremental efficiencies and Wes, as Tom mentioned, will leverage his prior experiences at missiles and will be clearly focused on improving execution. And there'll be some other things we make, other changes we make along the way. But bottom line, the team is very focused on growing the business, improving program execution and as Tom mentioned, expanding margins.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Raviv with Citi. Your line is open.
Jon Raviv: Tom, you had mentioned an era of rapid technological change. And it's maybe for both of you. Can you talk about the earnings algorithm in that era where we're seeing obviously this trade-off between growth in margin, which should maybe reverse in a couple years? And then also you mentioned that customer in that era want more integrated solutions. So how do they balance that desire for integration with them wanting more open architectures and maintaining competition? Perhaps in that answer you can also address the LTAM's competition. Thank you.
Tom Kennedy: Well, first of all, we are having an explosion in technology. I mean essentially people talk about the fact that there's an exponential change in technology that is occurring now with things like machine learning, nanotechnology, quantum computing coming onboard out of the manufacturing. And we're heavily involved in all of those areas. I think our customer realizes that they need to take advantage of those new technologies to be able to generate the next generation of capability to put the United States in a premier position from a defense perspective. And so we're seeing a lot of activity in R&D on the government side to bring those new technologies to fruition. And what we're doing at Raytheon, our strategy is to take those technologies and again upgrade our existing franchises, whether they be radars or missiles, ground stations, ground systems and then also generate the next generation ones. And so we're playing both extending our existing franchises and then also working to take these new technologies to win new franchises. So we're -- the fact that we're all over that and the prime example, and you brought it up is the U.S. Army's Lower Tier Air Missile Defense Sensor, we call it LTAM. We are in a competition on that and we'll be proceeding here in May to something called the U.S. Army sense-off. What we're doing there is we're taking brand new technology and then start to coming up with the new 360 degree active electronically scanned array radar using our high-end GaN technology that we produced here at the Raytheon company. We expect the sense of this taking place in May and June of this year. And at some point, we believe the Army will complete their analysis. There is an RFP that's out there. So sometime late '19 early 2020, we expect to down select there.
Toby O'Brien: Jon, let me maybe just add a little bit on the part of the question related to the earnings algorithm or exactly how you put that, just a couple things to remember right. So we've talked before a lot last year about the mix we're seeing, the change in the mix, driven by the National Defense Strategy and obviously the changing technology plays into that as well. And just as a reminder, the segment margin that we guided to this year, it has about 20 basis points of margin headwind that we see because of that mix and we're offsetting that in a little bit more with about 40 basis points of productivity. We're clearly in an era or a time when we are winning many of these new developing classified programs. And as Tom said, we see them as future franchises that ultimately transition and lead to production over time. And as I mentioned, near term margin pressure but it should be tailwinds to margin in the future. These awards strengthen our portfolio right. We're all about franchises. And the more franchise that we can get, help and we expand those internationally at a point in time as well. So while we've seen some puts and takes as a result of this, especially in our 2019 guidance by business, we continue to see margin expansion going forward. And again, don't forget about our international content. About 30% of our business is international. It's on the higher end of our margin scale that we have to have the benefit of working to leverage when looking at the earnings equation also.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Harnett with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Doug Harnett: Id like to go back to missiles, because I just want to understand what's been the evolution here. We've really seen margin guidance reduced for four quarters in a row now essentially. I understand that some of last year that was attributed to a mix shift to more development. But now when you look at Q1, we actually see the backlog drop by more than $1 billion in missiles, and you made a leadership change. Can you talk about how you've looked at this unit over the last three to four quarters? And what you've seen is the issues there and when did you come to the decision that there had to be some significant changes.
Tom Kennedy: Let me start off and then Toby will follow. The first thing is in terms of the leadership change the prior leader, prior president, Taylor did informed the company that he was plans to retire. So that president change was based on that retirement request. And so we were able to at the time bring on a very strong player that's Wes Kremer, and I'd say he's a strong player, because right now he is running the IDS business and he's doing quite well. And it's a similar type of business to missile. They do have in strong franchises there, lot of production, and also a lot of growth opportunity at IDS. And so we're taking that to the missile company, applying some of the techniques that Wes put in place and we have in place and we have in place at IDS at the missile company. But I think in the end game, first, it was originally as a initially relative to mix. We were winning and have one quite a few contracts in missiles and in development area and essentially its the R&D area for the government, which put pressure on us from a mix perspective. The other issue we were seeing is that we do have quite a bit of production programs going on here. And we weren't seeing as much pick-up on the production programs that we have seen in the past. And this started about probably about three quarters ago. And so we are putting much emphasis on essentially on the leaning out the factory, really working on our supply-chain and really driving productivity across all the production programs. The mix is a mix. But what we can do is we can drive essentially significant improvement in the factories and in our supply chain to drive margin expansion on that part. And I'll let Toby to answer some of this too.
Toby O'Brien: So Dough, just to your questions about whats happened overtime with the guidance, a lot of that last year was around the mix. And we did get hit with a lot more of the lower margin development classified work. We believe the guidance for this year going back to what we provided in January properly size that relative to missiles, the mix effect. We still feel that's the case today. The change that you're seeing here in the quarter is as we said around performance and execution. There were a couple of program adjustments in the quarter at missiles. We did have one that was about $15 million. But when you step back from it, they are growing the effects of mix, I think are well understood, we think that's right. And it was all performance related. So as I said before, we took that into account, relook at the year and made the adjustments. I think Tom said in his opening remarks the fundamentals there remain strong and we believe that. Our comment to your comment about the backlog. So I think it's important, you can't take one quarter and think of that as trend, either good or bad. I'd take you back to the fact that missiles has been leading growth in the company going back the last four or so years. As a reminder, last year they had a book-to-bill of 1.09, it was 1.26 in 2017. The book-to-bill was low in the quarter, which is what drove the backlog down. It's all timing related. I would tell you, we expect north of $9 billion of bookings at missiles this year, a book-to-bill of 1.05 or greater. Again, I think we've talked about it before. We expect two multiyear production awards in the back half of this year out at missiles that is part of what is going drive that. So I wouldn't read anything into the change in the backlog in the quarter, other than just timing related to some large bookings.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard: Just on the missile theme, unfortunately. If you sort out the performance issues, what sort of benefit could you have to the operating margin in this business going forward? So ignoring mix just the productivity.
Tom Kennedy: So Rob, I think the way to think of it, and I'll maybe start with this year and move forward for you here. So first of all, again, as Tom said, we believe we sized it. We've adjusted their range downwards, it's 11.7% at the midpoint, which is in line with where they ended last year. And we think we've seen -- see that appropriately. We would expect the cadence of margin to improve quarter-to-quarter throughout this year with a little bit of a bias towards the second half. And then when you think about 2020 and beyond, if I were to take it back to the 2016 timeframe, 2017 even 2015. Missiles was generating margins in the 13% range before we started to see this higher influx of the development in the classified work, and I believe that's still attainable, albeit out in time, because it's going to take time, both for these development programs to transition into production and to implement some of the actions that we talked about and refocus on the program execution. So we're not going to peg a number, but we would say improvements, incremental improvements in 2020 and beyond, driven by both the combination as that mix shifts a little bit more favorably, the production, the two big multiyear awards get into a strong production cadence out in the future and we execute better. It's going to be a combination of all that. But clearly, the business has demonstrated in the past, especially when the mix is different how they can perform.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Your line is open.
George Shapiro: You wound up beating the high-end of your EPS guidance by $0.25. You beat the high-end of your sales guidance by $150 million. I mean, a lot of this is due to IIS. But you didn't raise the guidance or the sales guidance. And usually, when you beat it by this much, you raise it by something. So is it all IIS where Warfighter sales didn't come down this quarter, arent expected to come down? And then also, was there any benefit to IIS sales from the consolidation that you did in the quarter? And any other color you might provide. Thanks.
Tom Kennedy: I'll address the couple of IIS things, and then I'll tell you how we're thinking about the year from a company level. So the Warfighter sales came down in the quarter like we expected, but year-over-year we're looking at about $0.5 billion reduction. Most of that's in the back half of the year. So there is there is an imbalance first half, second half relative to how Warfighter is going to impact the revenue cadence at IIS. I would tell you even with that decline the rest of the IIS business is strong. You saw some of that in the first quarter in the cyber and space areas. And ex-Warfighter IIS is growing around 10% for the year. The consolidation of the entity that you referred that you asked about did have about $38 million impact in the quarter on revenue. So that's IIS. At a total company level, as we said, we're pleased with the first quarter results. They did exceed our expectations at the company level. Some of the higher sales volume we saw was timing related, driven by timing. And it clearly gives us confidence in our outlook of our 6% to 8% growth for the year. We mentioned the favorable performance at IIS and SAS, and we improved their total-year guidance. But those improvements were offset by the decrease in the missiles margin for the quarter that we flowed through to the year. So in total, as we said, the range stayed the same for segment margins, 12.1 to 12.3. Bringing it down to EPS, we were $0.35 higher than the high-end of our guidance range as you mentioned. Roughly half of that driven by the timing of sales and margins within the year, the other half driven by the timing of some corporate and non-operational items within the year that would now be expected to have a impact, a negative impact in the back half. So the change in margin guidance at the two businesses that improved IIS and SAS that flowed through and offset missiles. It's early in the year. We continue to be focused on growing the top line and improving margins. And then I'd just add for completeness. I think I mentioned in my opening remarks. We were pleased with the cash performance for the quarter, about $140 million better than the high-end of our guidance. It was timing related. It's early. The $3.9 billion to $4.1 billion that we have out there for the year would be on top of the, or is on top of the record performance we saw last year. Bottom line, we will keep an eye on all this, but we're confident in the outlook for the year. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss, Barclays. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Last one on missiles and then also one other question. Toby, I think you said you highlighted, maybe a $15 million negative to EAC. What were the total negative EACs in missiles in the quarter? And then on cash deployment, I think the $500 million share repo number, thats a biggest I've seen on a quarterly basis that you guys done. How you're thinking about share repo from here? And then also the potential to potentially pull forward some of the future pension contribution needs into this year? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: So on missiles, just to put in perspective, the net EAC adjustments in the quarter were $4 million, and they were above $69 million -- a little over $60 million of negatives. And again, if you just kind of think of the 9.5% margin. If the performance had been more, the EAC adjustments had been more aligned with our expectation, we would've been in a plus or minus 11% margin range for the quarter. Again, the issues we're dealing with here in missiles in the quarter are related to their performance. On the share repo, we continue to see value in our shares. We are committed to the share repurchase program. The outlook for the year, similar from a dollar value point you give or take to next year -- to last year about $1.3 billion and the 2 plus percent reduction. And we will continue to evaluate that. As far as the pension goes, we will, per our normal practice, we're looking at that all the time. But we'll have a clearer view of that as we get towards the back half of the year. We obviously want to see what's going on from an overall cash generation, allocation of capital and certainly what's happening in the market and how the plans are performing. Last year, just as a reminder, the reason we did something a little bit earlier was we got the benefit with the change in the tax laws to make the deduction at the prior tax rate of the 35%. So we were a little bit ahead of when we would normally look at discretionary contributions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Cai von Rumohr: So your guidance for the second quarter, 250 to 255 in earnings, looks like we get a fair amount of margin compression given your revenue guide. Could you walk us through maybe some of the puts and takes on margins, particularly missiles? Do we have some more pain to get things under control in the second quarter? And is that the reason for what looks like a light margin guide? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: So typically for the company, our segment margins do ramp up in the second half. And obviously, therefore, start a bit lower in first half. We did see some Q1 margins, about 50 basis points higher than our expectations, so that we were ahead of our guidance, ahead of our expectations on the segment margins in Q1. A decent portion of this improvement was driven by the timing of some profit previously expected in Q2, primarily at both IIS and SAS and therefore, taking that all into account does result in a lower margin in Q2. If I look at the businesses, specifically for Q2, we do see lower IDS and IIS margins compared to Q1. And also just as a bit of a reminder, Forcepoint traditionally or typically does have a loss in both Q1 and Q2 due to the seasonality of their business. So although the Q2 margin expectations, they are a little bit lower, we do feel good about our guidance for the total year of the 12.1 to 12.3. And I can tell you we have had years in the past where the cadence was similar. And part of that is driven, as I mentioned, by Forcepoint given that they are in a loss for the first half of the year and a profit in the back half as their volume increases.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Spingarn: So Tom, I wanted to go to hypersonics and think about Raytheon's positioning in offensive hypersonics. So you talked about the TBG, and I think you want something -- I'll hop a few years. But it seems like one of your competitors has been winning a lot of the hypersonic work lately. Where do you stand and what are the opportunities, can you catch up or is this the wrong way to think about it?
Tom Kennedy: Let me start off with what we are doing right now. So on the offensive, and I think I mentioned on our prior call that the defensive hypersonics is actually a bigger market than the offensive. But on the offensive, we are heavily involved in multiple programs. One of them is the air breathing hypersonics weapons program, and that's with the DARPA program. And then we are working on that program. We are also on a hypersonic boost glide weapons program, one of them is the tactical boost glide program that I mentioned on my -- during my discussion upfront. So that's essentially the two big programs that we are engaged in from a hypersonic perspective on the offensive side. We are also working several other arrangements in hypersonic area that I can't really get into on the phone here. But we feel we're in a very strong position relative to where we want to be on offensive hypersonics. On defensive side, we are heavily involved in that several activities involved in that, but it also moves on beyond just the missile part also moves into the sensor part, both on land and in space. So the overall area of hypersonics is a big opportunity for Raytheon where we believe we're engaged in the right elements of that and we're proceeding forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth Seifman: I wanted to ask briefly another question about IIS, where excluding any Warfighter headwind as the performance has been consistently good for several quarters now both sales and margins. I mean, if we look just specifically at the margin and we exclude the one timers from the quarter. It's been consistently mid-80s for the past three quarters now? I mean is this mid-8 business going forward, and if not why not? And you're obviously growing nicely, the end markets are growing and it seems like you're taking some share to. How do you think about the growth potential in the out years?
Toby O'Brien: Let me jump in there and obviously Tom can add any color if he wants and hopefully I get it all you broke up a little bit on the question, but I'll go back to Q1 performance right and kind of, to your question about the margins. If we exclude the couple items that we talked about in the comments in the release around the consolidation of the entity that we planned on, in the material sales, right. IIS would have about 8.5% margin in the quarter and there see a real strong execution. That was largely driven by their net program efficiencies compared to where they perhaps perform to the last year in their prior guidance. So, we expect them to continue to perform at a strong level going forward I think I have said before this business can certainly get a north of 8% on a consistent basis from a margin point of view. I think they have got the execution side of it down really well based upon how they performed last year and certainly into the first quarter this year. I think as everybody knows they are the one business right that from their business model has the structure that drives the margins to be a little suppress right to have the least amount of fixed price and the least amount of international work, but I know Dave and the team are working hard to improve that especially in the area of cyber and various international opportunities. So I expect they are going to continue to grow even with the headwinds of Warfighter that they will be through this year between cyber and space and international. And I would expect that over time they will continue to incrementally improve the margins and that they clearly have the ability to get this business to operate in the very high single-digit margins, albeit over time especially as that mix transitions and becomes a little bit more international biased.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Your line is open.
Pete Skibitski: One more question on missiles but more from a revenue standpoint. Tom, I know you guys kind of organized each of your segment by product area and I'm wondering which of the product areas within MS is going to grow the fastest this year to get it to your guidance? And just how dependent is the guidance on signing the two multi-year on the SM this year?
Tom Kennedy: So, I think a big player this year for missiles and actually for their segment that has the two multi-year in it, the SM-3, Block 1B multi-year and the SM-6 multi-year. And those are combined that's about four over little bit over $4 billion booking. And so the ramping up the latter half of this year and obviously into 2020 and beyond. I think they're going to get significant because they are multi-year -- its five-year multi-year will give them significant base improvements and their factories moving forward. We are seeing across all elements all the business areas within missiles significant growth and also significant international demand signals. So I think it's maybe Toby, give you the exact numbers here but we are very positive on the growth side of missiles and so again we want to leverage the fact that we are growing not just on the development programs but now with these two multi-years on the production programs; when we want to leverage that to drive productivity and efficiency improvements to essentially drive the inter-margin expansion going in the right direction also.
Toby O'Brien: The only thing I would add, Pete. As Tom, hit it right on. I mean they have got such a broad portfolio there isn't a single program or program area that were dependent upon here in the near term certainly this year and into the future to drive the growth that's coming from some of the classified work, some of our air-to-air business, the missile defense business that SM-3, participates in. So I think that's a key feature they have got the largest amount of franchises in the company. And while they are all at various stages they are all contributing or most all are contributing to the growth this year.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Shannon, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Our last question is from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland: I wondered you called out in missiles in the K, a charge on a next-gen precision strike weapon. And then in your earlier remarks you mentioned a couple of charges. Can you tell us a bit if that's the same program if we added another program, if we're talking about an expansion of loss making or zero margin work there. And then just in general with respect to the mix at missiles with respect to the 2019 plan versus 2018? How much more of the cost type of work do you have as a percentage this year than say you'd had last year? Thanks.
Tom Kennedy: Let me start with the last one first. At missiles in particular the cost type mix and directionally is, think of it as maybe five to seven points -- 500 to 700 basis points higher or more biased toward cost type versus fixed price on a year-over-year basis. On your first question, I mentioned, I figured who asked the question earlier but when I was talking about the performance and I mentioned in the quarter we had a one adjustment that was about $15 million. It is not the same program that you referenced from the K, this was an international test range upgrade program that we saw some growth driven by design related issues in the early phases and we are now moving into the production in the integration phase. So, it's not the same program that was driving the negative adjustments that I referred to here in Q1.
Kelsey DeBriyn: That's all the time we have today. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter conference call in July.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Raytheon fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. My name is Sonia and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Thank you Sonia. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we will reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We will start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Kennedy: Thank you Kelsey. Good morning everyone. Raytheon had a very successful year in 2018 and our growth strategy continued to deliver results for our shareholders and customers. There were many highlights in 2018 for Raytheon. Let me start by touching on some of our financial results. We continue to see strong global demand for our innovative solutions, demonstrated by our book-to-bill ratio of almost 1.2 for the full-year. And for the third time, in 2018 we achieved record backlog which rose to $42.4 billion at the end of the year. This drove an increase in backlog of more than $4 billion year-over-year and positions us for a strong 2019. Sales were up 8.5% in the fourth quarter and 6.7% for the full-year. And in 2018, we accelerated our sales growth for the fourth time since 2015. This resulted in a new company record for annual sales of $27 billion. Cash flow was better than we expected and we achieved a new company record for operating cash flow for the full-year. Toby will review additional details about the fourth quarter and our 2019 guidance in a few minutes. Given the success we saw in 2018, I wanted to take a few minutes to share some of the Raytheon's key milestones across our company during the year. First, I would like to highlight the strength of our classified business. In 2018, we had record classified bookings that were up over 45% year-over-year. Classified bookings for the full-year were almost $7 billion and we saw strong classified bookings across the businesses including $2.6 billion at IIS, $2.4 billion at SAS and $1.6 billion at missiles. Raytheon also had record classified sales which grew 19% versus 2017 and represented 19% of company sales. Classified bookings and sales exceeded our plans for the year. Our strength in classified is driven in large part by the need of our domestic customers to address advanced threats as outlined in the National Defense Strategy. As a reminder, classified business is crucial for Raytheon's growth and success. It funds next-generation technology development that is integral to the long-term growth of our future franchises and production awards. Second, we saw strong growth at many of our businesses in 2018, including at our IIS business which grew 9%. Although we expect to see the Warfighter FOCUS program ramp down in 2019, we continue to see meaningful expansion in IIS' core markets including cyber and space. IIS' innovative solutions are well-aligned with our customers' current mission needs and long-term strategy. We saw this in 2018 with cyber and space programs at IIS achieving double digit growth. Next, I wanted to highlight the progress we made in 2018 on one of our existing franchises, our advanced Patriot Air and Missile Defense system. In December, we were awarded nearly $700 million for Sweden Patriot. And during 2018, we booked four major production awards for our Patriot system totaling almost $4 billion in bookings. Three of the four major Patriot awards were from new countries, Romania, Poland and Sweden. And we now have 16 nations that depend on Patriot to protect their citizens and armed forces. All of these countries pull money to fund sustainment, support and new development of Patriot which keeps our system ready for the evolving threat for years to come. And with our current Patriot backlog, we have production visibility until at least 2023. In terms of future Patriot awards, we still expect our next booking of $500 million for Romania Patriot in 2019 with additional follow-on awards to the complete the program in 2020 and 2021. We continue to see the total Raytheon Romania Patriot opportunity to be around $2 billion. For our Poland Patriot opportunity, our Phase 2 booking is still expected in 2020 with the total Raytheon Poland Patriot opportunity to be around $5 billion. There is also the potential for additional Patriot production awards including the possibility of adding yet another new European country to the Patriot partnership. Another 2018 highlight was the new franchises Raytheon won across our businesses. At missiles, in addition to the new classified programs we also won a new missile franchise, the Naval Strike Missile for the U.S. Navy. The missile was offered by Raytheon in partnership with Kongsberg. And because it's already a proven operational system, NSM saves the U.S. billions of dollars in developmental costs. Our goal with NSM is to replace the existing domestic and international inventory of harpoon and other international surface-to-surface missiles making this another multibillion franchise opportunity for the company. New franchises we won at SAS during the year include a classified work as well as our selection to develop and deliver the next generation Distributed Aperture System or DAS for the F-35. Our DAS system enhances capability and reliability versus to the prior system. And we have been developing this technology over the past few years which will be applicable to other aircraft including the rotorcraft market. We look forward to some of our new franchises that we have won over the last few years transitioning from the development to full rate production. These franchises include AMDR, EASR, 3DELRR, Next Generation Jammer, FAB-T and StormBreaker. During 2018 we also achieved testing milestones on some of our programs such as the next-generation Standard Missile-Three Block IIA. This interceptor defeats missile threats outside the earth's atmosphere and is being developed and produced in cooperation with Japan. A test in December marked three significant achievements for the SM3 Block IIA missile including intercept from a land-based launch, intercept of an intermediate-range ballistic missile target and intercept using tracking data from remote sensors. Additionally, this test supports a critical initial production acquisition milestone. Our SM3 missiles are the only ballistic missile interceptors that can be launched both at sea and on land and have achieved over 30 intercepts in space. And we continue to see opportunities across our standard missile family of products including the potential for multiyear awards for SM3 Block 1B and SM6 which will provide production visibility until at least 2026. Many of our innovative solutions including the SM3 Block 2A interceptor were noted as critical products outlined in the Missile Defense Review which was released earlier this month. We are encouraged by the MDR and how closely our customers' needs in these critical areas align with the capabilities we are developing including interceptors, space-based sensors, high-energy lasers, hypersonics and counter-hypersonics. As we start 2019, we feel very optimistic about the future and our ability to continue to grow, both domestically and internationally. It's worth noting that we started the government fiscal year 2019 with the Department of Defense budget already in place avoiding a continuing resolution for the first time in a decade. This timely bill passage is providing valuable stability and predictability which is beneficial for both our customers and our shareholders. In closing, our very successful 2018 would not have been possible without the strong commitment and performance of our 67,000 employees around the world. I want to thank them for all they did for our customers, company and shareholders during the year. We look forward to 2019 being another successful year for Raytheon and it has certainly started on the right note. Earlier this month, Fortune magazine ranked Raytheon first for innovation within the aerospace and defense sector on their Most Admired companies list. That's great recognition on the investments we have made and the talent we have to drive our future success. We are clearly ready to take this great company to new heights in the year ahead and beyond. Now let me turn the call over to Toby.
Toby O'Brien: Okay. Thanks Tom. I have a few opening remarks starting with the fourth quarter and full-year results. Then I will discuss our outlook for 2019. After that, we will open up the call for questions. During my remarks, I will be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning which are posted on our website. Would everyone please move to page three. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in both the fourth quarter and the full-year. Bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow all met or exceeded our expectations. We had strong bookings in the fourth quarter at $8.4 billion resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.15. And for the year, we had record bookings of $32.2 billion resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.19. This sets the stage for continued growth in 2019 which I will discuss in more detail in just a few minutes. Sales were $7.4 billion in the quarter, up 8.5% from the same period last year. We saw strong growth across all of our businesses. For the year, sales were up 6.7% reaching a new company record of $27.1 billion. Our EPS from continuing operations was $2.93 for the quarter and $10.15 for the full-year. I will give a little more color on EPS in a few minutes. We also generated strong operating cash flow of $2.4 billion for the quarter and $3.4 billion for the full-year. It's worth noting that we exceeded our operating cash flow guidance by approximately $600 million at the midpoint and achieved a new company record for operating cash flow. The increase was driven by operations and improved working capital. And as a reminder, we made a $1.25 billion pretax discretionary pension contribution in the third quarter of 2018. Additionally, during the quarter the company repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares of common stock for $400 million bringing the full-year 2018 repurchases to 6.7 million shares for about $1.3 billion. We reduced our share count in 2018 and we continue to see value in our share price. The company ended the year with a solid balance sheet and net debt of approximately $1.4 billion which provides us financial flexibility for the future. Turning now to page four. Let me go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full-year results. As I mentioned earlier, we had strong bookings of $8.4 billion in the quarter and $32.2 billion for the full-year resulting in a record backlog of $42.4 billion. This is an increase to backlog of $4.2 billion over year-end 2017 and provides us with a strong foundation for 2019. It's worth noting that both IDS and SAS had strong bookings performance for the full-year 2018, up 76% and 33% respectively over the prior year. And all of our businesses had a book-to-bill ratio over one in 2018. International orders represented 31% of our total company bookings for both the quarter and the full-year. At the end of 2018, approximately 40% of our total backlog was international. Turning now to page five. We had fourth quarter sales of $7.4 billion, an increase of 8.5% compared with the fourth quarter of 2017 and in line with our expectations. International sales continued to be strong representing 30% of our total sales for both the fourth quarter and full-year of 2018. So looking at the businesses. IDS had net sales of $1.7 billion in the quarter, up 8% from the same period last year primarily due to higher net sales on two international Patriot programs awarded in 2018. IIS had net sales of $1.7 billion in Q4. The 9% increase compared with Q4 2017 was primarily due to higher net sales on cyber and space classified programs and on the DOMino cyber program. Net sales at missile systems in the fourth quarter were $2.3 billion, up 6% compared with the same period last year. The increase was primarily driven by higher net sales on classified programs. In the fourth quarter 2018, SAS had net sales of $1.9 billion. The 13% increase from the fourth quarter 2017 was primarily driven by higher net sales on classified programs. And at Forcepoint, we saw 10% sales growth in the quarter. For the full-year, total company sales were $27.1 billion, up 6.7% over full-year 2017. Moving ahead to page six. Our operating margin in the quarter was 16.5% for the total company and 12% on a business segment basis and lower than last year's fourth quarter primarily due to mix. Overall, the company continues to perform well. Turning to page seven. We had solid operating margin performance for the year. Our operating margin was 16.8% for the total company and 12% on a business segment basis. On page eight, you will see both the fourth quarter and full-year EPS. In the fourth quarter 2018, our EPS was $2.93 and for the full-year was $10.15. Both the quarter and full-year were higher than the comparable periods in 2017, primarily driven by operational improvements from higher sales volume and lower taxes that were primarily associated with tax reform. Overall, we had strong operating performance for both the quarter and full-year. Now looking at our 2019 guidance on page nine. We see sales in the range of between $28.6 billion and $29.1 billion, up 6% to 8% from 2018 which is consistent with our initial outlook that we provided in October. The increase is driven by growth in both our domestic and international businesses. As for pension, we see the 2019 FAS/CAS operating adjustment at approximately $1.5 billion of income and the retirement benefits non-service expense and non-operating at $726 million. We expect net interest expense to be between $153 million and $158 million, in line with 2018. We see our average diluted shares outstanding to be between 279 million and 281 million on a full-year basis, driven by the continuation of our share repurchase program. We expect our effective tax rate to be between 17% and 17.5%. Our estimated tax rate in 2019 is higher than 2018 primarily due to the increase in pretax income and the absence of benefits recorded in 2018 for the discretionary pension contribution and certain tax planning initiatives. In 2019, we see our EPS to be in the range of $11.40 to $11.60, up year-over-year. Our operating cash flow from continuing operations for 2019 is expected to be between $3.9 billion and $4.1 billion. I will discuss operating cash flow more in a few minutes. Before moving on to page 10, I would like to mention that we expect our 2019 bookings to be between $29.5 billion and 30.5 billion, driven by demand from a broad base of domestic and international customers. And we expect stronger bookings in the second half of the year, similar to prior years. So if you move to page 10, here we have provided our initial 2019 guidance by business. We expect to see growth in all our businesses in 2019. At the midpoint of the sales range, we expect IIS sales in 2019 to be up slightly over 2018. As we have discussed before, this is driven by the planned ramp down on the Warfighter FOCUS program. Excluding Warfighter FOCUS, we expect IIS to grow in the high single digit range, driven by mission support and the DOMino program as well as classified programs primarily in cyber and space. With respect to segment margins, we expect 2019 margins to continue to be solid in the 12.1% to 12.3% range. This is up about 20 basis points over 2018 at the midpoint. At IDS, we see margins in the 16% to 16.2% range. And as we have discussed previously, this is driven by a change in program mix as we ramp up on some recently awarded programs. We traditionally see lower margins in the early phases of programs until we retire certain risks. We also expect lower volume year-over-year on some higher margin production programs that are nearing completion. We expect IIS margins of 7.8% to 8%, in line with 2018. We see missiles margins in the 12.1% to 12.3% range, up 50 basis points at the midpoint versus 2018. SAS margins are expected to be in the 12.9% to 13.1% range, in line with 2018. At Forcepoint, we expect margins to be in the 3% to 5% range. For 2019, at a total company level, our margins are expected to be in the 16.5% to 16.7% range. If you now turn to page 11, we provided you with our outlook for the first quarter of 2019. Please note, the first quarter of 2019 has one last work day than the first quarter 2018 and this equates to about $100 million in sales overall. We expect the cadence for the balance of 2019 to play out similar to 2018 with sales, EPS and operating cash flow ramping up in the second half of the year, as usual. Turning to page 12. We have provided you with an updated view of how we see our operating cash flow outlook over the next few years. We are pleased with our strong cash flow going forward which is better than our prior expectations. As I mentioned earlier, in 2018 we had record operating cash flow that was $600 million better than our prior guidance at the midpoint driven by operations and working capital improvements. As a reminder, we made a $1.25 billion pretax discretionary pension contribution in the third quarter of 2018. As we sit here today, no discretionary pension contributions are contemplated in our 2019 guidance. For 2019, we brought our operating cash flow guidance up to a range of $3.9 billion to $4.1 billion. Also it's important to point out that we expect to pay approximately $900 million more in cash taxes in 2019 which is $200 million higher than our prior outlook. Also on page 12, we provided operating cash flow guidance for 2020 of around $4.6 billion. And on page 13, as we have done in the past, we have provided a summary of the financial impact from pensions in 2018 as well as the projected impact for the next five years, holding all assumptions constant. You will note that this year we have provided you with two additional years of pension outlook to help you with your model. As I mentioned earlier, we see the 2019 FAS/CAS operating adjustment at approximately $1.5 billion of income and the retirement benefits non-service expense and non-operating at $726 million which reflects our investment returns in 2018 of minus 4% on our U.S. pension assets, the December 31 discount rate of 4.3% and a long-term return on asset assumption of 7.5%. Before concluding, I wanted to touch on our capital deployment strategy. As I just mentioned, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet that provides us with financial flexibility. We remain focused on deploying capital in ways that create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investments to support our growth, paying a sustainable and competitive dividend, reducing our share count, making targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs and making discretionary contributions to the pension from time to time. Let me conclude by saying that 2018 was a very successful year for Raytheon where we once again delivered strong financial results. We set many new company records in 2018, including record operating cash flow, backlog and bookings and both sales and bookings in the classified and international areas. We have a solid balance sheet which gives us flexibility and options to continue to drive shareholder value and a strong outlook for cash. We are well positioned to grow in 2019 and beyond. So with that, we will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from Joseph DeNardi of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Joseph DeNardi: Yes. Thanks very much. I am wondering if you could just speak kind of longer-term to the demand signals that you are seeing just broadly for missile defense in the Middle East, Asia and maybe how that's evolved over the past 12 months, just given kind of changes in the threat environment? Thank you.
Tom Kennedy: Yes. Good to hear from you, Joe. And I will cover that. I think two elements, initially I will talk about missile defense in the Middle East. We still see strong demand signals from multiple countries. The major concern there is Iran. And so we are seeing continued demand. We saw, for example the LOA signing of the THAAD system for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that occurred last year. Raytheon has a major part of that procurement based on our TPY-2 radars. We are also continuing to see demand signal in the Asia-Pacific region, especially relative to Japan. I think a big note here on Japan is in 2018, the Abe cabinet did approve their five-year plan which was 10% increase over the prior tenure five-year plan. So in that plan there is a significant effort relative to missile defense. I did mention in my script that we are working with Japan in the development of the SM3 Block 2A and that is a key weapon system that's in their procurement horizon. So we feel very happy about the Asia-Pacific region. And then back home, late last year the missile defense actually came out earlier this year on the Missile Defense Review. And if you go through the Missile Defense Review, we are very encouraged here at Raytheon because many of our systems are called out. The Missile Defense Review will be increasing existing capabilities such as the ground-based interceptors, more of those which has our EKV, Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle, on top of that. They are also more working on area of homeland defense but in terms of improvements that the Missile Defense Review called out, significant support for our replacement kill vehicle. So additional funding for that. I also called out the use of the SPY-6, what we call the AMDR radar, for the Navy. And also the use of the SM3 Block 2A as an important element of the Missile Defense Review. And beyond that, we are left to launch, it did call out the use of advanced sensors on the F-35 and I mentioned in my script that last year one of major franchises that we won was the EODAS, Distributed Aperture System, that will go on the F-35 which provides significant sensor capability here. So we all around, I think the Missile Defense Review was great for us and then also the international demand signals all the away from the Asia-Pacific region, Middle East. And then I mentioned closing several deals in Europe here just last year and then also the significant opportunity here for some more deals here coming in 2019. So we are very optimistic, especially in the area of integrated air missile defense.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jon Raviv of Citi. Your line is now open.
Jon Raviv: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Tom Kennedy: Good morning.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning.
Jon Raviv: Sorry to sort of go in this direction a little bit, but just can you talk a little bit about the idea of cushion in the guidance? And just specifically really to IDS and MS this year? We certainly appreciate there are always a lot of moving pieces and complexities with new stuff ramping. But missile systems seems to have missed again and it was a lowered bar through 2018 and IDS also seemed to miss some margins. So I don't want to focus too much on the past, but just as you layout the 12.1% to 12.3% segment margin guidance for 2019, how much cushion is in there and how do we get over the idea that things can change and perhaps underperform through the year? Thank you.
Toby O'Brien: Yes. Jon, let me start maybe high level right at the company level around the guidance and then give you a little color on both of the businesses, missiles and IDS that you talked about. So we are very comfortable and we are pleased with the guidance that we put out there. At the topline, it's showing 6% to 8% growth. If you just take the midpoint, it would be the fifth year in a row of accelerating growth for the company. The other thing to keep in mind and I alluded to, but I quantified in my opening remarks and I will quantify it now, not new news but the headwinds that IIS, they are still growing and we expect them to still grow in 2019. But they do have about $0.5 billion headwind from the ramp down which we knew about of the Warfighter FOCUS program. Normalize for that, you would add about 200 basis points to the range and would be looking at 8% to 10% growth at the company level. We think the guidance we provided at this point, when you look up and down the metrics, is balanced. We are starting the year out. We always look whether it be this year or into the future for ways to improve and do better. And that hasn't changed. I would point out on the operating cash flow, we had exceptional year in 2018. As I mentioned, we beat our expectations by $600 million at the midpoint. And it wasn't just timing, right. We didn't drop 2019 by $600 million. We actually increased it by $100 million which was $300 million operationally offset by a $200 million in additional cash taxes, right. So over that period, very strong performance. So we are very comfortable with it. We are pleased with it. And as usual, we will always look to do better. Now for the two businesses that you referred to and in particular their margin. So from an IDS point of view, I think first and foremost, if I step back, I will look at the total year. They generated really strong margin, 16.6% for the total year. They were up 50 basis points over 2017 and we continue to see their margins in 2019 in that 16% range. Now in the fourth quarter, there were two things that went on at IDS, right. There were some higher levels of investments in the business from an R&D point of view. Think, next-generation advanced radar technology. And we did see on a couple of development programs some cost growth that net net resulted in a little bit lower net productivity compared to what we were expecting. But overall, we are pleased with where IDS' performance is. If I think about 2019 for IDS and again it's a little bit repetitive to what I said earlier, they are performing well. They have got some mature production programs that are ramping down that have already been through the risk retirement phase, if you well. And Tom alluded to in his comments the strong bookings for Patriot with three new countries, four new major Patriot awards for roughly $4 billion last year. Those are just in the early stages. Patriot's closer to a five-year program compared to maybe the company on average is three. So we have kind of got a mix almost within production programs, even within international production programs at IDS because it will be a couple of years before those programs ramp up and retire the risk. But I think we are very pleased with IDS' performance and the track that they are on. From a missiles point of view, I think that there is a couple of things to the point out there. Through last year, we have been talking about the increased level of development work, primarily classified development work, that we have been getting. Three of our businesses have significant new orders this year. Missiles kept exceeding our expectations, right, relative to the increase in classified work that they were getting. And even at a company level, if I take it back to the start of the year and our original revenue guidance and I think at the midpoint of that compared to where we ended up, we were about 170 basis points higher. That was effectively all classified work, right. And as we have talked about, it's a margin headwind in the near-term but over the long-term, it's positive because it does generate those new franchises and margin expansion opportunities when programs move into production. So I think specifically for missiles, we do expect them to improve their margins versus 2018 and 2019, as I said, to a range of 12.1% to 12.3%, They clearly have been hit with the higher level of development in classified programs. Their bookings in that area grew 50%, from $1 billion to $1.5 billion. That's probably rough numbers, close to about 30 basis points impact that they are dealing with. And we are continuing to focus on margin expansion there. They did in the quarter, in addition, have an impact in the quarter from a negative adjustment on an early stage production program that impacted their margin. But there, going forward we feel we have significantly reduced the risk profile on that program in the missiles business going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Spingarn: Good morning. I wanted to ask a question to Tom and then clarification from Toby. So Tom, your book-to-bill has been excellent last year, almost 1.2. It was good the couple of years before. But it does outpace the sales growth. And I am just wondering if there is a rule of thumb or a curve here that we should be using to model the conversion of bookings to sales? Something like, I don't know, 40% year one, 20% year two, that kind of thing? Or is there an average duration we should be assigning to bookings? Or is this a trend DoD simply locking in money in an accommodating political environment and then spreading the spending? And then for Toby, I just wanted you to clarify your cash deployment comments, given that you guys have the lowest net leverage among peers. Thanks.
Tom Kennedy: Hi Rob. Some good questions there. Let me tackle the ones you gave me. Our business has the kind of two cycle periods, three years and five years. So for example, in our missile business if you are going to go buy some AMRAAM, it's about a three. We get a contract that spreads out over three years, ramping up the first year, doing at least over probably closer to 40% of the work the second year and then ramping down on the third year. And then you get into some of our five-year business which would be like a Patriot system. The Patriot contract to go deliver fire units probably works out to about a five-year program. There obviously is a ramp up and then the ramp down on delivery and then the three years are kind of constant between those ramps. And that's essentially our business. And then we model it that way. It's executed that way. We don't have a lot of above book and turn type business in one year, outside of IIS. The IIS business, those have contracts where they can book and complete in one year. But outside of that, the rest of the company is really based on this three-year and five-year cycle.
Toby O'Brien: And I will just add on a little bit to what Tom said there and I will give you a comment on the balance sheet and the capital deployment. That's a general rule of thumb, not to get to down in the weeds on this. Obviously, it matters when programs start within a year, right. I mean a program on January 1 versus September 1, you are going to get a different answer in that curve over the three to five years gets pushed out accordingly. Just to reinforce, if you think about it, we grew 6.7% last year, 6% to 8% this year. Just real simplistically, right. And every year is a little different, right. But that's between the two years, 7%, 7% round numbers, it's starting to get close to the levels of the increase that we saw are in the 2018 and the 2019 spending. That gets then converted to sales over roughly three year, maybe a little bit longer on some of the IDS programs. On the balance sheet and our leverage here, we continue to believe our philosophy and approach of utilizing the balance capital deployment strategy. It makes sense. To reiterate, our first priority is investing in ourselves to support growth. The way to think of that this year, we expect our R&D investment expenditures to be about 3% of revenue, where they have been for the last couple of years, obviously a little bit higher in dollars given the higher revenue. We have talked about last year how we ramped up a bit on our CapEx expenditures really to support programs both through demonstration hardware, facilities and infrastructure capability. I think we said back in October, think that of that as around 4% of our revenue and we are in that ballpark there. But that is significant step up over the last couple of years as to where we have been before. But we are doing it because we do believe we align very well with our customers' needs, with our existing and future capabilities and it ties all back to the NDS. Beyond that, we are committed to returning, as a target, 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. I mentioned the philosophy around a competitive and sustainable dividend. The continuation of the buyback program, we do think there is incremental value in the share price. And we do also look to augment that growth with key acquisitions that help with technology and growth. But again those are more the smaller size type of deals. And lastly, we will consider pension contributions on a discretionary basis as we go through the year and look at what's happening in the market and our overall cash flow as well. I think the last point there, just as a reminder and I think everybody knows this, the balanced approach is the philosophy but we obviously have the ability to flex up and down across the elements of that balanced approach if we feel it's going to do more good and create more value to allocate capital a little bit differently than kind of how I just described.
Tom Kennedy: And just one last element as far as your question is. So we do not see any evidence of the department parking money on contracts that won't be used. So we have not seen any evidence of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cai von Rumohr of Cowen & Co. Your line is now open.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thank you. Two questions. So your R&D was up 48% in the fourth quarter. Is that one of the reasons that the margins were light that you basically got paid for that but you didn't have as much margin? And secondly, you have the tantalizing number on cash flow in 2020 which is up but NAs in terms of the factors. Maybe you could give us some color as to how you get to that very strong number? Thank you.
Toby O'Brien: Sure. Cai, let me start with the question on R&D. So the answer is in part, right. And in particular, at IDS it was one of the reasons that I mentioned where their margins were impacted and it was in the fourth quarter and it was related to investments in next-generation radar and radar related technology. So certainly in part relative to the R&D it was. I think on the cash flow for 2020, the $4.6 billion, I think the way to think of that is growth in operating cash during that period will be driven by operations including some international collections. The cash taxes may be slightly lower in 2020, partially offset by some lower net pension. So really it's some puts and takes outside of operations. And I think given the significant size of some of our international programs, the payment terms where often times more often than not, we will get an advance, we will kind of work that off and then we will have milestones or deliveries where we collect the balance of the cash. That's what you are seeing play out in support of the 2020 cash outlook.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Doug Harned of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Doug Harned: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
Tom Kennedy: Good morning Doug.
Toby O'Brien: Good morning Doug.
Doug Harned: I would like to turn back to missiles because I look at what's going on right now in the world with to missiles. But then you, Lockheed, MBDA, everyone has very strong demand and has rising backlogs. But if I think of those, if I split them into two types, some are production just being flat-out on producing on certain programs and certainly I would say Paveway is probably one of those for you. And others are development. And so I am trying to understand is, how much of what you are doing sort of on the production side could almost be maybe a build to inventory in a sense as opposed to the development side which you are explaining that related to margins which is something that may have a longer-term growth rate associated with it. So could you give us a sense what is the mix sort of on a percentage basis in missiles between production and development? And if I can throw one more thing in there, have you done anything with respect to concerns about possible Saudi sanctions when you look at that outlook?
Toby O'Brien: Yes. Doug, hopefully, well, I can't hit all those points there. I will start off and then I will let Tom jump in. So your first question about the mix between production and development work. I will kind of put it in absolute terms but then also contrast it back a couple years. So for 2019, think of it rough numbers about 70% production and 30% development. But if you were to go back a couple of years, it would have been more in that 80%, 20% range, okay. So there has been a pretty significant shift at missiles specifically heavily weighted towards the development and it ties into the classified business we are seeing. And on top of that, you made the point but I will quantify it, our missiles business grew 8% in 2016, 10% in 2017, 7% last year and another in 7% to 10% for 2019. So you are seeing that higher mix towards development but on a much higher base as well. As far as the production goes, from time to time we will build to inventory when we think it makes economic sense, not just in missiles but in other of our businesses. But it's not something that we do as a general rule of thumb across all of our programs. And then lastly, from my perspective, on Saudi Arabia I think here is how you should think about it, right. So last call in October, we talked about just under around 5% of our revenue from Saudi. That's where 2018 ended up. It was 5%. 2019 is the same. It's about 5% of revenue. But when you peel that back in and you look at it in two buckets, the component that's related to offensive weapon sales versus defensive, it splits about 50-50. And to this point, relative to the defensive weapon sales, we see no indication, if anything just the opposite of continued support for defensive sales to Saudi Arabia. And I won't repeat it. Tom alluded to the THAAD LOA and the TPY-2 component of that for the Saudi that was signed at the end of last year and we expect to be under contract for this year. So we have only got 2.5% of the company revenue tied to that. We continue to monitor the situation and working with all parties involved and we are optimistic that over time we will get to a point here where things move forward. And again I the 2.5%, it's another feature shows you again the breadth of our portfolio at the company level, how balanced it is. No one country, no one program necessarily is 205, 30% contributor to the company's results.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your is now open.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much and good morning.
Tom Kennedy: Good morning Seth.
Seth Seifman: Tom, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the preparation that you guys are making for the lower tier A&D competition and how the Army's efforts in that area are evolving and what's coming up for this year as you focus on trying to keep that business?
Tom Kennedy: So we are working with the U.S. Army to develop these advanced capabilities which one of those capabilities for Patriot is an advanced radar capability, 360-degree capability utilizing our advanced technologies. Later this year, there is going to be, what they call, a sense-off. Raytheon will be participating in that. We have made investments over the years to provide a capability that we think is capability that the U.S. Army needs and wants. We will get an opportunity to demonstrate that capability to the United States Army during the sense-off which is expected toward the end of the second quarter of this year. Again, we have been developing this technology over many years. It's a key technology to help us win the AMDR, the EASR and several other radar programs including the 3DELRR for the Air Force. So we feel very well-positioned to provide this new capability to the U.S. Army but also to all our international customers. As I mentioned during my script, we have now a cadre of 16 countries that are Patriot members that are either buying Patriot or have Patriot and in some cases have been spares, buying support and contributing to the overall continued evolution of the Patriot system. This will be in another element to bring into the 16 countries and to future countries that would like to enhance their Patriot systems and then also obviously to the U.S. Department of Defense and the Army in buying those systems. Bottom line is, we feel very well-positioned for the competition. We are taking it seriously. We love radars. It's a major capability of the company. And we have got the whole company focused on winning this.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Myles Walton of UBS. Your line is open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe Toby first, beyond 2019, in Doug's question you talked about margin mix dynamics from 2019. But beyond 2019, could you comment on margin profiles beyond there, if that's possible? And then maybe for Tom, do expect real direct budget fall through on the back of the Missile Defense Review in 2020 plan? Or is this something more that kicks off studies versus real programs with real money? Thanks.
Toby O'Brien: So beyond 2019 margins, obviously we are not going to give a specific number. But we are confident that we have the opportunities to continue to improve the margin beyond 2019. I think because of the mix of business, we would see incremental, I will thank of it that way, the opportunity for incremental improvements on a year-over-year basis, not necessarily step functions. And the reason I say that are kind of two or three fold, right. One, maybe not so much with the more recent classified work but some of the development programs that we had won a few years like AMDR, EASR at IDS, Next-Gen Jammer at SAS, et cetera. As those transitioned out of development into low rate, full rate production, all else equal, that provides margin opportunity as we move from cost type to fixed-price type of work. And we are also as a company, we are always looking for other areas to drive margin improvement and offset the headwinds from things like mix, right. So we have talked a lot about the automation investments we have made, working to lean out our factories, trying to enhance more the scope of work that's in our global business or shared services organization to get the benefits of scale there. We are always looking at our indirect cost, both at the corporate level and across the businesses to drive those down and so on and so forth. Supply chain is another big area. So I am confident that the opportunities are there and we will be able to incrementally improve on our segment margins going forward.
Tom Kennedy: And let take your question relative to whether the Missile Defense Review will just wind up with study contracts? Are there real development type program effort that's going to occur? And then also will there be an increase on production contracts? And the answer is really the latter. There will be development programs that will be funded and there will be production elements. For example, break down in three major areas. The one is essentially to increase what they have today and that's an area of the ground-based interceptors. We provide to kill vehicle for those ground-based interceptors. So they will be production type contracts. They also want to improve what they have today. And on the improvement, we are already involved in that. It's called the replacement kill vehicle or RKV. So that will be an increase in the development program relative to the replacement kill vehicle which will eventually then go into production. And also bring in new more advanced radars like the AMDR SPY-6 on the naval ships and utilizing those. And then also our a SM3 Block 2A which is now ready for production and is going into production. So we will be buying more of those production assets there. And then in terms of some new technology, we are on board for the new technology. It actually calls out using the F-35 for boost-phase intercept capabilities and the new sensor that we won on that, the EODAS, Distributed Aperture System, will be a key element of that. That's a little bit of a development program but geared for production. We also talked about high-energy lasers. We are heavily involved in that. So we see more money going into development for the high-energy lasers. It also calls out some something called the space sensor layer. There will be initially studies to do architectures for that but that will eventually go into a major development program. And then there is a whole area, a big area, an area that we are heavily involved in is hypersonic defense. In fact, we believe the hypersonic defense market is larger than the hypersonic market which we also significantly participate in. And the reason for being larger, the hypersonic defense market also includes the sensors and the trackers to be able to track these the hypersonic threats but then also being able to go off and defeat them. So it's a very important market for Raytheon. We are heavily engaged in it. And we know that there is real money going into that.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Sonia, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Tom Kennedy: Hi Rob.
Robert Stallard: Toby, I hate to do this at the last question but I was going to ask about pension. Slide 13, if I am reading this right, you have a big step up in your cash pension contribution in 2021 on a net basis. Do you see other opportunities within the business, maybe working capital or other things to offset that headwind as get to 2021?
Toby O'Brien: Yes. So Rob, I will take you back to I guess at slide 12, right. And I know it doesn't go out to 2021, but our cash outlook, the three-year cash outlook here and we are one year into when we provided this three-year look going back to this time last year. We have already compared to what we had said originally pushed things up, however you want to look at it, at least $0.5 billion, if not more towards the high-end of that three-year window. And I think we have got opportunity to continue to have that happen going forward. So we are confident in our ability to continue to generate strong cash flow to offset headwinds including specifically the pension there. Obviously, a lot can happen between now and then, whether it be related to the pension, specifically around asset returns, discount rates, discretionary contributions, et cetera. And then operationally, as I mentioned I think it was Cai's question, these large international programs, right, they present great opportunity for us to drive cash flow and you got some puts and takes on those too, right, when you are working off advances. So things can get lumpy at a point in time and as we get closer to 2021, things will be clearer. But sitting here today, I would say we would have the ability to offset that pension headwind.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn for any closing remark.
A - Kelsey DeBriyn: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter conference call in April.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co. Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co. Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.
Analysts: Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Myles Alexander Walton - UBS Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Candace and I'll be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Candace. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slide will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Kelsey. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon once again delivered strong operating performance in the third quarter. Sales increased 8.3% and our bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow were all better than expected. We continue to see strong global demand for our advanced solutions. Book-to-bill in the third quarter was 1.28, driven equally by international and domestic. And, for the second time this year, we achieved record backlog, which rose to $41.6 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of nearly $5 billion year-over-year. Given this and the opportunities we see in the fourth quarter, we are again increasing our bookings outlook for the year by another $1 billion. It's worth noting that since the beginning of this year, we have increased our bookings outlook by a total of $2 billion over our original expectation and we now expect a full-year book-to-bill ratio of over 1.1. We are pleased with our bookings performance this year, which positions us well for continued growth in 2019. Toby will discuss additional details about our initial 2019 outlook along with our third quarter performance and updates to guidance in a few minutes. Given the growth of the DoD budget and upcoming competitions we see for advanced solutions, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our strategy to continuously innovate and refresh the technology in our current franchises and to use that expertise to create new franchises. We try to be the disruptors of our own technology and make investments in order to keep our franchises relevant, so they continue to be value generators for decades to come. We demonstrated this in the innovative solutions we featured at AUSA earlier this month. First, we received positive feedback from our customer on the Lynx Infantry Fighting Vehicle. We are leveraging our strong international partnerships on Lynx just as we have done with our Naval Strike Missile and the NASAMS System. For this, we are collaborating with Rheinmetall on the Lynx vehicle to meet the U.S. Army's requirement for the next-generation combat vehicle. Our global industry team will offer the Lynx paired with Raytheon's sensors, weapons and systems integration expertise to provide the army with a modern fighting vehicle that will keep U.S. soldiers far ahead of battlefield threats for decades to come. Next, we featured our TOW system, which is the premier, long-range heavy assault, precision weapon system used throughout the world today. Raytheon and the U.S. Army have consistently upgraded TOW since it was first produced in 1970 to keep it relevant for today's fight and help our soldiers preserve their overmatched advantage on the battlefield. Earlier this year, we were awarded a contract by the Army to develop a new propulsion system for the TOW missile. The improved system will increase range and deliver enhanced protection for ground troops while providing them with more capability. Also on display at AUSA was our upgraded Excalibur precision-guided projectile. This new variant, Excalibur Shaped Trajectory, or EST, represents a major leap forward in capability for this already advanced guided munition and enables soldiers to eliminate targets in hard-to-reach locations by offering a new angle of attack. In addition to EST, Raytheon has developed a laser-guided version in a five-inch sea-based variant of Excalibur. The last product featured at AUSA, I'd like to highlight is our Stinger surface-to-air-missile. This missile has provided superior short-range air defense since the 1970s and has had many capability enhancements over the years. This combat-proven missile is deployed in more than 18 nations and with all the four U.S. military services. The latest update, the new proximity fuse enables the lightweight self-contained air defense system to destroy a wider array of battlefield threats including unmanned aircraft systems. As we think about our franchises, we not only refresh the technology, we take the franchise international to broaden our marketplace. This has been our strategy with our combat proven Patriot franchise. During the quarter, we continue to make progress on international opportunities for Patriot. In August, Sweden signed the LOA with the U.S. Government to purchase the Patriot integrated air missile defense system. As a result, Sweden became the 16th nation to rely on Patriot. The LOA paves the way for the U. S. Government to begin contract negotiations with Raytheon for booking in 2019. Sweden Patriot opportunity for Raytheon is still expected to be around $1 billion and in September, we booked over $1.3 billion on our Phase I award with Poland to purchase Patriot. Under the Phase II award, Poland will purchase additional Patriot fire units and has expressed interest in our upgraded gallium nitride-based 360-degree AESA Radars. We still expect the Phase II booking for Poland Patriot in 2020 with a total Raytheon Poland Patriot opportunity to be around $5 billion. For our Romania Patriot opportunity, our next booking is expected to be around $500 million in 2019. Additional follow-on awards to complete the program are expected to be booked in 2020 and 2021. We continue to see the total Raytheon Romania Patriot opportunity to be around $2 billion. As you can see, nations want to protect their sovereignty and the demand signal for defense of systems like Patriot is strong and global. Collectively, these international Patriot bookings are worth around $8 billion and in addition, we see a multibillion-dollar opportunity for Patriot to upgrade to the latest configuration and 360-degree AESA Radar. Turning to Cyber, this quarter we were awarded another multi-year contract with a new government customer in the MENA region to provide advance cybersecurity solutions and operational support. This adds to the strong cybersecurity portfolio we have at IIS, which includes our DOMino program for the Department of Homeland Security. In the space domain, in early October, we were selected as one of two companies to compete for the opportunity to provide the mission payload for the next-generation overhead persistent infrared program. Next Gen OPIR is a new missile warning satellite system for the U.S. Air Force, aimed at countering emerging global threats. As part of the competition, we will complete the critical design review phase of our proposed payload. Raytheon was selected based on its ability to meet stringent schedule, resiliency and technical capability requirements. We see space as an important market over the next several years. Turning to Washington; we are pleased with the successful passage of the fiscal year 2019 Appropriations Bill for the Department of Defense, avoiding a continuing resolution for the first time in a decade. Modernization funding continue to be supported and aligned with Raytheon's core capabilities in areas such as radars, missiles, missile-defense and cybersecurity. The timely bill passage provides valuable stability and predictability which is beneficial for both our customers and our shareholders. Let me close by thanking the members of the Raytheon team worldwide for another strong quarter. They are committed to providing the trusted innovative solutions our customers need and they are focused on the opportunities we have before us to finish the year strong and continue our growth into the years ahead. With that, I'll turn the call over to Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks starting with the third quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. So everyone would please turn to page 3. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in the third quarter with bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow all better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the third quarter of $8.7 billion resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.28. Sales were $6.8 billion in the quarter, up 8.3% with growth across all of our businesses. Our EPS from continuing operations was $2.25, up 14.2%, which I'll give a little more color on in just a moment. I'll discuss guidance further in a few minutes, but at a high level, we are updating our expected sales growth from the previous range of 5% to 7%, to a range of 6.5% to 7.5% and we are raising our full-year 2018 outlook for EPS as well as making other updates and as Tom mentioned earlier, we are raising our bookings outlook by $1 billion. And although not on the slide, I want to point out that our operating cash flow in the third quarter was better than our prior expectations due to favorable collections on some of our larger contracts we previously expected in the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow was lower than last year's third quarter as expected due to the previously announced $1.25 billion discretionary pension plan contribution we made in the third quarter 2018, partially offset by lower net cash taxes. Also during the quarter, the company repurchased just over 630,000 shares of common stock for $125 million bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 4.5 million shares for $925 million. Turning now to page four. Let me start by providing some detail on our third quarter results. Company bookings continue to be strong. For the third quarter, bookings were $8.7 billion, which were approximately $1.7 billion or 25% higher than the same period last year. And on a year-to-date basis, bookings were $23.7 billion, which were $4.5 billion or 24% higher than the comparable period last year. As Tom mentioned, these strong bookings position the company well for continued growth in 2019. Backlog at the end of the third quarter was a record $41.6 billion, up $4.9 billion or 13.4% compared to last year's third quarter. We now move to page five. Third quarter 2018 sales were higher than the guidance we set in July, primarily due to better-than-expected performance at our IIS business. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had third quarter 2018 net sales of $1.5 billion, up 7% compared with the same quarter last year. The increase from Q3, 2017 was primarily driven by higher sales on an international Patriot program that was awarded in the first quarter of 2018. In the third quarter 2018, IIS had net sales of $1.7 billion. The 13% increase compared with Q3 2017 was primarily due to higher net sales on classified programs in both the cyber and space business areas; the DOMino cyber program and the Warfighter FOCUS program. Missile Systems had third quarter 2018 net sales of $2.1 billion. The 7% increase from the third quarter 2017 was primarily driven by higher net sales on classified programs. In the third quarter 2018, SAS had net sales of $1.7 billion, up 6% compared with the same quarter last year. The increase from Q3, 2017 was primarily driven by higher sales on surveillance and targeting systems programs. Overall, we're pleased with our total company sales, which grew by over 8% in the quarter. Moving ahead to page six; our operating margin in the quarter was 17.4% for the total company and 12.4% on a business segment basis, and as expected, lower than last year's third quarter, primarily due to mix and the timing of program improvements. Overall, the company continues to perform well. So now looking at the business margins; IDS third quarter 2018 operating margin was strong at 16.1%, slightly lower than last year's third quarter, primarily due to higher productivity in Q3, 2017. The increase in operating margin at IIS in the quarter, compared with the same period last year, was primarily driven by higher net program improvements in this year's third quarter. The decrease in margin at Missiles in the quarter compared with the same period last year was primarily driven by higher productivity improvements in Q3, 2017 and a change in program mix. As a reminder, Missiles third quarter 2017 results included large favorable adjustments on a couple of international contracts. SAS operating margin was largely in line with last year's third quarter and Forcepoint had positive operating income of $18 million in the third quarter 2018, with operating margin of 10.4%. Additionally, I want to point out that our third quarter operating income was favorably impacted by $11 million for the actuarial update to our pension plans. I'll touch on this more in a minute. Turning now to page 7; third quarter 2018 EPS was $2.25, better than expected, primarily driven by higher sales volume, the timing of productivity improvements, and other non-operational improvements. Third quarter 2018, EPS was higher than last year's third quarter, primarily driven by operational improvements from higher sales volume and lower taxes primarily associated with tax reform. This was partially offset by the unfavorable $0.80 EPS impact of the previously announced pension plan annuity transaction. On page 8, as I mentioned earlier, we are updating the company's financial outlook for 2018 to reflect the higher sales volumes that we are seeing offset by slight change in margin due to program mix that I'll discuss further in a few minutes. It's worth noting, this is the third time we have increased our sales and EPS guidance since January. We have increased our full-year 2018 net sales and narrowed the range. We are raising the low end by $300 million and the high end by $100 million and we now expect net sales to be between $27 billion and $27.3 billion, up 6.5% to 7.5% from 2017. The increase versus our prior guidance is driven primarily by IIS. As I just mentioned and as we have done in prior years, during the third quarter we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of this update the FAS/CAS Operating Adjustment for the year improved by $14 million and the retirement benefits non-service expense for the year also improved by $14 million. Taken together, they had a favorable impact of approximately $0.08 per share, with $25 million or $0.07 per share recorded in the third quarter 2018 and $3 million or $0.01 per share expected to be recorded in the fourth quarter of 2018. And as a reminder, the updated 2018 retirement benefits non-service expense includes the $288 million settlement charge for the third quarter pension plan annuity transaction. We are improving the range of our net interest expense by $15 million, which is worth about $0.03 to $0.04 to EPS compared to our prior guidance. Turning to share count, we continue to see our average diluted shares outstanding at approximately 287 million shares for 2018, consistent with what we said in July, and we still see the effective tax rate for the full year to be approximately 10.5%. We've increased our full-year 2018 EPS, raising the low end by $0.24 and the high-end by $0.14 from our prior guidance. We now expect our EPS to be in the range of $10.01 to $10.11. We continue to see our 2018 operating cash flow outlook between $2.6 billion and $3 billion. And on page nine, we've included guidance by business. We've increased the full-year sales outlook at IIS and for the total company. We've also increased the low end of the range at IDS and SAS to reflect the combination of stronger bookings performance to-date and fourth quarter expectations and at Missiles, we continue to see strong growth. We now see their full-year 2018 sales growth in the 8% to 9% range. We've updated the range due to the timing of international and domestic programs. Overall, we're pleased with the company's sales growth. Turning to margins, both at the business segment and company level, we have updated margins to reflect the revised sales mix and related margin impact. Before moving on to page 10, as Tom mentioned earlier, given our year-to-date bookings strength and our expectation for a strong fourth quarter, we are now raising our full-year 2018 bookings outlook by $1 billion to a range of between $29.5 billion to $30.5 billion. The increase is driven by strong demand from our global customers and positions us well for continued growth in 2019. On page 10, we have provided guidance on how we currently see the fourth quarter for sales, earnings per share and operating cash flow from continuing operations. We expect our fourth quarter sales to be in a range of $7.3 billion to $7.6 billion, and EPS from continuing operations is expected to be in a range of $2.78 to $2.88. For modeling the fourth quarter EPS, we expect the effective tax rate to be about 17%. We expect operating cash flow to be in a range of $1.6 billion to $2 billion. Now, turning to our initial outlook for 2019 on page 11; as we sit here today, we currently see the book-to-bill ratio above 1.0 and strong sales growth for 2019 of 6% to 8% over our 2018 outlook. We expect total business segment margin to be in line with 2018, our effective tax rate to be approximately 17% to 19% and our operating cash flow to continue to be strong in the range of $3.8 billion to $4 billion. This is our initial look at 2019, and as we have done in the past, we intend to provide detailed 2019 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. So if you could please move to page 12; we have provided a pension matrix for 2019. This chart indicates a range of possible outcomes based upon different 2018 asset return rates and discount rates that will be determined at year-end. Each box contains a possible outcome for the 2019 FAS/CAS operating adjustment on the top left and the 2019 retirement benefits non-service expense non-operating on the bottom right. As of September 30, 2018, the discount rate was around 4.25%, approximately 50 basis points higher than it was at the end of 2017, and our return on assets was roughly 2.5%. And just to be clear, the final discount rate and the actual asset returns won't be known until we close out 2018. We'll provide a more detailed pension outlook on our year-end call in January. Before concluding, as we have discussed on past earnings calls with regard to our capital deployment strategy, we continue to expect to generate strong free cash flow for the year and remain focused on deploying capital in ways that create value for our shareholders and customers while maintaining a strong balance sheet. In summary, we had another strong quarter. Our bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow were all above our expectations. We remain well-positioned with both our domestic and international customers' priority areas, we increased our full-year 2018 outlook for bookings and EPS, increased the sales growth range to 6.5% to 7.5% and have a strong foundation for continued growth in 2019. With that, Tom and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Jon Raviv of Citi. Your line is now open.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Jon.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: In January, you guys issued some cumulative cash flow targets that implied or that talked about $7 billion to $8 billion in 2019 and 2020. Can you talk about some of the building blocks going from this year to next, given the operating cash flow guide in 2019? It just seems that since that January target was issued, sales are clearly better. So I'm just curious, what some of the changes are, and if you could also mention CapEx in the next year as well, that would be helpful too. Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Jon, it's Toby. Let me take a crack at that. So you're right, we had talked about a $7 billion to $8 billion range over the next couple years. Since that time, we made a discretionary pension contribution that we talked about improving cash flow all else equal of about $1 billion over the 2019 to 2020 period. Our operating cash flow outlook for 2019, that I mentioned earlier in the $3.8 billion to $4 billion range is in line with that original range in additional pension benefits. So, things are continuing to track as we would expect there. A little bit more color. We do expect to see some higher cash from operations, and pension as I just alluded to, but there is going to be a partial offset with higher cash taxes, if you want to think of it certainly compared to 2018. And then from a CapEx perspective, think of it for 2018 maybe slightly increased as a percentage of sales, 3% to 4%, as we continue to invest in the business compared to in the roughly 3% range that we are seeing for 2018.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hey, Rob.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: On the margins for next year, given the higher sales, is there no opportunity for leverage there? Maybe you could talk about the upward and downward pressure on that; or are you simply being conservative? Is it mix, is it labor tightness or conservatism?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Rob, let me take a crack at that. So, as we said, this is our initial look at 2019, and we did say in  margins in line next year with what we're seeing this year at the segment level. As we discussed before, the margins can be impacted by the timing of risk retirements as well as mix, especially as we start up new programs and  including development programs at lower margins. We are continuously focused on margins and we'll continue to do so through the balance of this year into 2019. I think if you want a little bit of color on the mixed side of things, right now for the current mix we see is roughly 60% from fixed price contracts. Again, we've talked a lot about the mix that we're seeing in development versus production cost type versus fixed price higher classified and CRAD sales. I just mentioned  and not new news, but when we start programs up, we start them up at a lower-margin rate until we get to a point where we're comfortable that we can retire risk and move on the margins. That said, as I mentioned, we're still in the planning process for 2019. There are these factors that are influencing margins. We see improvements in some areas right. So we got some puts and takes, but overall, we're pleased with the margin performance. We're early in our process and we're always focused on trying to improve our margins.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Doug Harned of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Doug.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Morning Doug.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: On Missile Systems, you've had a couple of years here where you've had very strong growth in backlogs. You're continuing to get that and  can you talk a little bit about what's going on there? Obviously you've had some wins, but we are looking at, you took guidance down some on revenues and on margins for Missile Systems this year. What's the flow here? How should we look at this over the next year or so in terms of revenue and margins?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Doug, I'll start here and I'll give you a little bit of color on what we did here relative to the outlook for this year. As far as sales go, we see a couple of changes from our prior guidance. We have been expecting an international order for production program that would have had a favorable impact on sales by  including by liquidating some inventory in the fourth quarter. The timing of that award has moved out of the year. We also see a shift in the ramp-up on a couple domestic backlog programs that's moved into 2019. Overall, we're still growing at 8% to 9% and that's on top of 10% growth last year. So we're pleased with what Missiles is doing and how they're growing. Relative to the margin, when you look at their year-to-date performance and we've discussed this on prior calls, we are seeing an increase in new development programs, right. Higher CRAD, higher classified work, and they all bode well for the future, but they have impacted margins in the short term and additionally, the latter  later timing of the international program award I just mentioned, impacts the mix in Q4 which has also impacted their margins. We do expect margins at Missiles to improve in Q4 and in 13  low- to mid-13% close to 14% range, really driven by the timing of potential program efficiencies. As far as 2019  I'm not going to get into 2019 at this point, but I will say, as we said before, as I just mentioned what Rob talked, we continue to focus on margins in the business. We continue to make capital investments to improve our productivity, especially in the factories and always look for ways to be more efficient to try to offset the impacts of mix. So, overall we expect to deliver solid margins next year on good growth and we'll be more specific as we get to January.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hey Doug, its Tom. Just one thing to add relative to Missiles, which is a big plus for us, is the fiscal year 2019 budget had the funding in it for multi-years so we're not just one other franchises but for two. So it's a multi-year  five-year multiyear for SM-6 and then also another five-year multi-year for SM-3. So it's pretty clear for us, because that does give us insight into the factory and stability there for about eight years. So, again, five year is the last option awarded to carry out three, giving us eight years of factory stability. And the bottom line is, we see missiles as being a very healthy business for us here out in the future.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rob.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Tom, obviously, some issues in the Middle East at the moment and specifically Saudi Arabia; given your experience of the region, I was wondering if you could give us your perspectives on what could happen here and whether there could be any negative ramifications for your business?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. I'll start it off and then Toby, obviously, this is something that we've been watching very carefully, but as you know, and I think as you kind of alluded to upfront, we have supported the kingdom of Saudi Arabia in securing defense for more than 50 years and through that course of time, we have seen issues that have occurred at different periods of uncertainty. And we've always resolved them through the end and by doing this one thing, it's actually following the direction and position of the U.S. administration, which were right behind in making sure that we understand where they are going and that we're locked in step behind them. Also our business and just to remind everyone, is not dependent on any one customer or one program or one franchise. We are a global company providing technology and security solutions for over 80 countries and we have numerous global franchises. So I'm pretty confident that we will weather this complexity, mainly it's kind of a geopolitical environment we have right now and then working through that. That said, we have looked at things and Toby can kind of give you some of the financial details of what this potentially could mean to us moving forward.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yes, so just given the events, to give you a little bit of color and sight to how we're thinking about Saudi; sitting here today, as Tom mentioned, we continue to be aligned with the administration's policies and we plan to honor our commitments. We don't usually get into customer-specific financials, but again, given all the events of late, I will tell you that our Saudi business represents nearly 5% of our year-to-date 2018 revenue. And looking ahead, we see it flattish year-over-year in 2019. This includes our backlog for both defensive and offensive weapons, as well as services and support programs. As far as any new orders, we have an assumption in the fourth quarter of 2018 for a couple of follow-on support contracts and next year we have a major award assumed for the TPY-2 Radar program, which, as all of our bookings are, is factored. And as Tom said, and just to reinforce it as a reminder, our sales aren't dependent on any one contract or foreign country specifically, and again, it just goes to show the strength of our diverse portfolio. But that's a little color on how we're thinking of Saudi based on what we know today.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from George Shapiro of Shapiro Research. Your line is now open.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Tom, I just wanted to follow-up...
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, George.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: ...a little bit with Doug's question on Missiles. I mean, if I compare your growth rate in Missiles this year, I mean you've kind of down-picked it through the year. Lockheed will have a faster growth rate and has upticked it. It's not directly comparable; I mean, they have Patriot and air missiles, you have it in IDS, but is there any competitive issues that you've lost that would suggest why they are raising their forecast while yours are coming down in that area?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: George, we don't  I don't see any issue there. I mean, we all started from different points. We've been on a ride here since 2015 with increases and actually have accelerated growth through that business here since that time. So we're very happy with where we're at relative to Missiles and where we are going. We just had a big  several being wins here. One is the Naval Strike Missile which will be a replacement to the Harpoon missile, which we believe is close to about an $8-billion franchise program and several others like that. We are heavily participating in the hypersonic new missile work that's going on with DARPA with two programs, one is the HAWC and the other one is the TBG, Tactical Boost Glide. And we're also participating on the Army programs. The PRSM precision strike weapon which is replacement to ATAC, I know all of these are upside to us because we didn't have the Harpoon before and we didn't have the ATacMS before. So, we feel we're very competitive and then even on hypersonics, there's a whole other area nobody seems to be talking about, which is the counter-hypersonics, which we're heavily engaged in. A lot of this activity is classified, so I can't go into a lot of details, but we're very positive about the missile company and its growth moving out here in the next several years.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: And George, I would just add on the financial side of it, the revised outlook, it's in line with where we started the year out with the original guide for missiles and I mentioned when  on Doug's question we did have an international order move out of the year where we would have had some inventory liquidation. That's the major driver for the change in the revenue guidance and that was not competitive, that was a sole-source order  it's a timing issue. And I'd also tell you, quantitatively we've talked about before how the company  at the company level, we see our competitive win rate in the 70% range plus or minus. I'll tell you, Missiles is above that based on a year-to-date basis this year. So, really just timing is the way to think of it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Carter Copeland of Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Hey, good morning gentlemen.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hey Carter.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Nice win last night, those Dodgers knocked my Braves out, so I'm counting on you guys.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: We are trying.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: We're going to be going to some warmer weather, so we'll see how that plays out.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Well, that's not in your favor, but hopefully you'll pull it out. Look I just wanted to talk about the, sort of, news of yesterday and the whole bidding environment, and obviously, the opportunity pipeline for everyone looks a little bit more robust, but we're seeing different levels of sort of strategic aggression, if you will, in terms of going after stuff that people deem vital to their franchise. I just wonder maybe Tom, if you could kind of walk us through your thought process on what that means for you guys in terms of IRAD investment, cost structure, just in general, how you compete in that kind of environment?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yes, thanks for the question, Carter. Let me start with  first of all, Raytheon is not a platform company, and instead our innovative solutions and our franchise is across multiple platforms. So, I think that helps us relative to some of the rhetoric that you heard yesterday bouncing around. So, we have not really seen those kind of impacts relative to our competitions', so it hasn't really been meaningful to us. But in the endgame, we feel that when the contracting environment is such that we have a level playing field, we do quite well and as Toby just mentioned a while ago, our win rates are in the 70% across the board for the company. So, we feel we're doing a very good job relative to winning new competitive business. And the other element is we take that competitive business to the international marketplace relative to expanding these franchises globally, which has helped us out quite a bit. All that said, price is important and it's important to our customer, so we have to be cost-effective. So, one of the things that we have been doing is using our technology and technology we've been developing and bringing to these competitions, not just to enhance the performance of our solution, but also to take out the cost significantly. And so we've been looking at cost on day one of every one of these competitions to figure out our overall strategy; who we're going to go team with, what type of technologies we're going to bring to the game, what we're going to have to do in our factories to get cost out, and I think the work that we have been doing seems to be paying off. And again, you have to look at our results, and our results are our win rates. So we are very comfortable and now at the same time, we do understand that folks will do a return on investment relative to some of these major franchise programs, and we'll do long ball relative to those and try to determine what makes sense for them and where they can expand these franchises, both globally, and do a lateral exploitation of them into potentially other solutions for the customers. I will tell you we do that on a daily basis here and that's why we have a franchise strategy and we look  I think that's one of the reasons why our win rates are so high in this market.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: And I think just real quick relative to the investment, I mentioned CapEx on Jon's question for next year; from an R&D point of view, think of it similar to where we are this year, around 3% of sales.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Tom, maybe just a follow-up on that last question from a little bit of a different angle, you mention Raytheon as not being a platform company and we just got news within the last couple of weeks and that Harris and L3 are planning to merge creating a more sizable defense contractor that also is kind of more not a platform company. Does that have any impact on the way that you view the competitive landscape and the way that you think about deploying cash?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, first of all, we don't see a direct impact relative to the merger of the two companies, L3 and Harris. We  turns out they are not our main competitors across our markets. We do run into them on certain competitions and we are definitely pleased with the portfolio of advanced solutions we have. We have been investing significantly here since about 2014. That was our roadmap that we laid out for our investors that we said that we were going to grow the company and we have been doing that year-over-year. So we essentially have accelerated growth through that time span. And again, I think those investments have been paying off relative to the competitions that we have been in and that's what's leading to this greater than 70% competitive win rate moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sam Pearlstein of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi. Good morning, Sam.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sam.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I wanted to go back and just look at the margin again. You talk about 2019 is overall flat and you have now reduced 2018 a little bit; so in terms of where you were after last quarter, it's a little bit down, but can you just talk directionally about the different segments where they may be up, where they may be down, because what you just said about Missile Systems would imply that that should be up. Last quarter there was a contractual matter that moved out of the year and now this other piece. So wouldn't that  that should be pushing Missile Systems at least up. So I am trying to just think about what might be down.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yes, Sam, so we are not going to give specific detail by business for 2019 really just because we are early on in the process. What I can tell you, to give you a little bit of color, we do see most of the business margins in line with 2018 and I'm just going to leave it at that for now and we'll go into the segment-by-segment detail and year-over-year flux on the January call.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Peter Arment of Baird. Your line is now open.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Tom, Toby.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Peter.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, Tom, question I guess on the budget. It's nice to see the 2019 budget coming in on time; can't remember when the last one was on time, but thinking about 2020, there's been a lot of discussions around kind of a flatterer top line. Potentially, I assume investment accounts are more inflation oriented; how do you see that kind of the Raytheon portfolio setting up? You've obviously had a lot of wins and you're gaining share, but just maybe some commentary on that.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Let me just lay things out here. It's a great, great question. First of all, there was this  the administration talking about a potential 5% cut to the fiscal year 2020 budgets. Many of the agencies are in 5% cut from fiscal year 2019 and there's been some further discussions out there, some other information that says it's really for the defense budget. It's really they're looking at potentially 2.5% cut. Now that was off of a number that included OCO so we're not positive; some of the 2.5% or majority of them could come right out of OCO and then  therefore have zero impact, but even if it's full 2.5% against the fiscal year 2019 budget, what that will do is take it back to the fiscal year 2018 budget and if you remember, the fiscal year 2018 budget was 19% increase over the fiscal year 2017 budget. So bottom-line, the fiscal 2018 pretty healthy Defense budget. So we're on  based on the award that we received  will be receiving in 2018 and also 2019, we feel that we'll be in a really great shape for fiscal year 2020 and that's one of the reasons why we have given a fairly leading-forward guidance relative to revenue growth in 2020  in 2019; 6% to 8% growth. And so bottom line is, we think the budget process is right in the line where we need it to be, and we obviously will be watching on a day-to-day basis. The other one, I just mentioned earlier, which is helps us relative to some stability here over the next several years is the multi-year awards on SM-6 and then also on the SM-3 five-year multi-years on both of those taking us out giving us the stability in the factory for about eight years. And bottom-line is that we still have a long process to go on a fiscal year 2020 budget before it's finalized. Congress has to weigh in on the Defense level standings and then  but do remember, the Congress did provide increases significantly above the Trump administration's request for the DoD top-line at fiscal year 2018 and a DoD modernization budget in fiscal year 2019. So bottom line is it's not over until it's over. We got to go through a long process, but right now we believe that we are at a  even at the minimum, we're in a very good position moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Cai von Rumohr of Cowen and Company. Your line is now open. Cai, your line is now open.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Cai, are you there? Cai, are you on mute?
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Excuse me...
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Let's move to the next...
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: I was on...
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: There you are.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: So you've raised your bookings target by $1 billion for this year and look for book-to-bill over 1.0 next year; could you comment on the relative book-to-bill between foreign and domestic, both this year and kind of the trends going into next year?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So Cai, for this year, based upon the $1-billion increase, the book-to-bill for both domestic, foreign and the total company are kind of sort of in the same ballpark. I think around 1.1 plus or minus is just a coincidence. Tom mentioned even in the quarter, we have 1.28 and that was  1.28 domestically and internationally. So, right around 1.1 for both the domestic, foreign and total company. As far as next year, I think at this level, just at a high level we expect to see continued growth both domestically and internationally, and will quantify that more in January.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Morning, gentlemen.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Rajeev.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Tom, Toby, you touched on this a little bit before, but just on the under-levered balance sheet, I mean, with the sell-off that we've seen in the stock and maybe a declining number of M&A opportunities out there, is that pushing you to maybe change your stance maybe a bit more front-footed versus what we've seen over the last year or so?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, I will hit that real quick. Bottom line is, we are committed to a balance capital development strategy and you can see that we are continuing to investment in our selves; those investments are paying off and our win rates on competitive  we believe that's the right thing to continue to grow our top lines as you're making  continuing with those investment and obviously we're also supporting the pension and our dividend and ensuring we do drive total shareholders return relative to this capital deployment strategy that we have in place.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, I'll just add, I mean I wouldn't expect to see any dramatic shift or reallocation of capital around the framework, or within the framework Tom talked about. We do see value in our stock clearly and we are committed in  over time to continue to reduce our share count. The guidance we have for this year is about 1.5% reduction year-over-year and then  and again in January we'll give you some insight on to how we are thinking about the total aspect of capital deployment for 2019.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Myles Walton of UBS. Your line is now open.
Myles Alexander Walton - UBS: Thanks. One confirmation and then one question; so on the confirmation, Toby, is it 2019 and 2020 look still  or it's combined now, it's $8 billion to $9 billion of operating cash flow, and then secondly, on IIS, Tom or Toby, the IIS number look increasingly better. I'm just curious, is Warfighter FOCUS becoming less and less of a headwind? You mentioned some of the uppers, but I mean it's a short cycle business. Are you just seeing that short cycle business come through a lot quicker than I would have otherwise thought?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yes, Miles, let me take that one first. The Warfighter FOCUS is  bottom line is that program is rolling off a lot slower than we initially anticipated and we are picking up other similar work, both domestically and internationally, to fill the hole for Warfighter FOCUS. So bottom line is that team is been very successful with that but they've also been very successful in winning other awards and bringing other business on board. Competitive win rates are very high and they're actually making quite a bit of progress on the international front relative to their international cyber work. They just won a major deal in Oman, and so the business is doing really well.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So I think  you're right on the cash, Myles, just to confirm, how you characterize the cash is correct.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Thank you, and good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Just touch upon (54:32) for a minute. There was an improvement in the quarter on a sequential basis. The performance overall has been weaker than expected. Maybe can you talk about what's going on in that business at the moment, and how you think about potential optimality from here?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. I think relative to Q3 in the quarter  let me start with bookings. There was 13% year-over-year growth and if you remember, they had a 29% year-over-year improvement in Q2, so the trend there is positive and encouraging. The Q3 sales growth was a little lower than our expectations, however, the team did do a good job in controlling cost in the quarter. And we were pleased with the return to profitability that you alluded to in Q3, with margins in line with our expectations. Looking forward to Q4, we do expect to see continued bookings growth about in line with Q3's growth rate. We do expect stronger sales growth and another quarter of positive operating profit and margins about in line with Q3, 9%-10% give or take from that perspective there. As far as the optionality, everything remains in play. As we've talked about in the past, we did go into the commercial cyber business to unlock trapped value in the company, and over time, we expect to do that and all options are out there that we will consider at the right time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Richard Safran of Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Tom, Toby, Kelsey, good morning. How are you?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rich. How you're doing?
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Lot has been asked, so I wanted to just talk to you about productivity for a second if I could. Tom, Toby, I know you've been talking about productivity improvements for quite some time, and I wanted to get a sense from you about how much runway you think you have left here with productivity improvement initiatives? To the extent you can discuss it, could you talk about how productivity is factored into your 2019 margin guide, and if improvements are still having a meaningful impact?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Rich. I mean, as I mentioned earlier and we do all the time, we're always looking for different ways to improve our productivity through capital investment, through initiatives to our supply chain, utilizing Six Sigma, more from an automation point of view, we talked about our shared services that we stood up several years back that we continue to try to maximize the benefit from there. We continue to see productivity. We've got assumptions in the 2019 numbers that we talked about earlier and the way to think about it, we're getting more productivity and it's needed because right now when we set margins in line, we are seeing the headwinds from the mix within the business and that improved productivity is helping to mitigate the impact from a margin point of view of the improved mix  the negative mix from a margin point of view.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: That's all the time we have today. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter conference call in January.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co. Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co. Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.
Analysts: Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Derek and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Derek. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Kelsey. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon's growth strategy continued to deliver results for our shareholders and customers. In the second quarter sales increased 5.5% and our bookings, sales, EPS, and operating cash flow were all better than expected. We continue to see strong global demand for our advanced solutions. Our book-to-bill ratio in the second quarter was 1.31. This drove an increase in backlog of $3.7 billion year-over-year to a new record backlog of approximately $40 billion. Given these strong results and opportunities we see in the second half of the year we are increasing our bookings outlook for the year by $1 billion driven by strength primarily in our classified business. We are also increasing our sales and EPS guidance for the year. Toby will discuss additional details about our second quarter performance and updates to our guidance in a few minutes. Now let me share some highlights from our domestic business where we saw strong growth in bookings and sales in the second quarter. Domestic bookings were up over 60% year-over-year and domestic sales grew 6.5% in the quarter. For the company, bookings growth in the quarter was driven by classified, which represented over 30% of our total bookings. In fact, we set a new company record for classified bookings in a quarter which more than doubled over the same period last year. We had classified bookings in the quarter of $1.1 billion at SAS, $800 million at IIS and $700 million at Missiles. Classified sales also set a new record in the quarter, up over 20% versus the same period last year. As a reminder, our classified business is important as it often funds technology development that is integral to the long term growth of our future franchises and production awards. Our strength in classified is driven in large part by the need of our domestic customers to address advanced threats and demonstrates Raytheon's alignment to the National Defense Strategy. The increase from the fiscal year 2018 Defense Appropriations Bill is starting to come through in our domestic bookings, especially in classified and we are starting to see some of the increase to sales. But as we said last quarter, we will see a majority of the sales impact starting in 2019 and beyond. To prepare for this growth in classified, in May, Missiles dedicated new facilities as part of its expansion in Arizona. The first buildings are scheduled to be completed this year and include an advanced testing facility. The full expansion is expected to be complete in 2020 to support the development of advanced solutions and includes engineering and manufacturing enhancements, new laboratories and high power computing capabilities. During the quarter we also expanded the content we have on the F-35 fighter jet. In June, Raytheon was selected to develop and deliver the next generation distributed aperture system or DAS for the F-35. The DAS collects and sends high-resolution, real-time imagery to the pilot's helmet display from six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft. With the ability to detect and track threats from any angle, the F-35 DAS gives pilots unprecedented situational awareness of the battle space. Our DAS system enhances capability and reliability versus the prior system. We have been developing this technology over the past few years, which will be applicable to other aircraft including the rotorcraft market. And in April, Raytheon and the U.S. Navy completed the final development test to integrate the Joint Standoff Weapon C onto the F-35 variant. This keeps these low-cost, air-to-ground missiles on track for full deployment in 2019. The JSOW glide weapon uses a GPS inertial navigation system with an imaging infrared seeker that can identify and track targets autonomously. JSOW C can eliminate the toughest high-value land targets at ranges greater than 70 nautical miles, day or night and in adverse weather conditions. Also in April we completed developmental testing on the Small Diameter Bomb II, also known as StormBreaker. This is a key step toward bringing this new capability to our domestic and international markets. U.S. government operational testing is scheduled to be completed later this year. StormBreaker can eliminate a wider range of targets with fewer aircraft, reducing the pilot's time in harm's way. (6:26) detects, classifies and tracks targets even in adverse weather conditions from standoff ranges. Raytheon and the U.S. Air Force have completed aircraft integration for the F-15E and have begun integration activities for the F/A-18E and F and the F-35B with the U.S. Navy. Also during the quarter, the U.S. Navy selected the Naval Strike Missile for over-the-horizon defense of littoral combat ships and future frigates. NSM is a fifth-generation long-range precision strike weapon that can find and destroy enemy ships at distances up to 100 nautical miles away. The missile is offered by Raytheon in partnership with Kongsberg. And because it's already a proven and operational solution, NSM saves the U.S. billions of dollars in development costs. The contract includes options which if exercised would bring the contract value to approximately $850 million. NSM is a new missile franchise for Raytheon, and our goal is to replace the existing domestic and international inventory of Harpoon and other international surface-to-surface missiles, making NSM a multibillion-dollar franchise opportunity. Turning to international, last week at the Farnborough International Air Show, we hosted over 800 meetings with a wide range of global customers. Having spoken personally to customers at the show, as well as on other customer visits, I can tell you that demand for our advanced solutions is strong and growing across Europe, Asia-Pacific and MENA as nations look to protect their sovereignty, deter adversaries and acquire counterinsurgency/counterterrorism capabilities. We have a strong pipeline of international booking opportunities ahead. In May, we booked over $300 million on our first award with Romania to purchase our combat-proven Patriot air and missile defense system. The next award is expected in 2019, and additional follow-on awards to complete the program are expected to be booked in 2020 and 2021. We continue to see the total Raytheon Romania Patriot opportunity to be around $2 billion. Our other international Patriot opportunities remain on track as well. We still expect Sweden to sign the LOA with the U.S. government to purchase our Patriot air and missile defense system in the second half of 2018. This paves the way for the U.S. government to begin contract negotiations with Raytheon for a booking in 2019. The Sweden Patriot opportunity for Raytheon is expected to be around $1 billion. For our Poland Patriot opportunity, we still anticipate a booking for Phase I in 2019 and Phase II in 2020. The Phase I opportunity for Raytheon is expected to be over $1 billion, with the total Raytheon Poland Patriot opportunity to be around $5 billion. Turning to Washington, we are pleased that Congress is moving forward with the fiscal year 2019 funding bills including Defense. The fiscal year 2019 request is consistent with the newly revised BCA caps and will keep DOD modernization funding at about the same elevated level of fiscal year 2018. We continue to see congressional support for the National Defense Strategy modernization priorities where Raytheon has strong core capabilities. I want to close by underscoring one of the foundations of our success, and that is our culture of innovation. This reflects the fact that we are a technology company, and for generations our global team has been pushing the bounds of what's possible. The awards and opportunities I mentioned earlier are just some of the most recent examples of our innovation in action. And last month, we were the proud recipient of the 10 millionth patent in U.S. history, one of Raytheon's more than 13,000 active patents. I want to thank the Raytheon team for continuing to champion a culture of innovation, which helps us to create the trusted, innovative solutions we are known for around the world. With that, I'll turn the call over to Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the second quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning, if everyone would please turn to Page 3. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in the second quarter with bookings, sales, EPS, and operating cash flow all better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the second quarter of $8.7 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.31. Sales were $6.6 billion in the quarter, up 5.5% led by our IIS and Missiles businesses. Our EPS from continuing operations was $2.78, better than our guidance and an increase of 47.1% year-over-year. I'll give a little more color on this in just a moment. We generated strong operating cash flow of $1.2 billion in the second quarter, which was also better than our prior guidance primarily due to favorable collections and lower net cash taxes of approximately $250 million related to the discretionary pension plan contribution that we'll make in the third quarter 2018. I'll discuss this further in a few minutes. During the quarter the company repurchased 1.9 million shares of common stock for $400 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 3.8 million shares for $800 million. And based upon our strong performance to-date I want to point out that for the second time this year we are raising the full year 2018 outlook for sales and EPS. We are also raising the full year 2018 outlook for bookings, as well as making other updates, primarily for pension and tax related items. I'll discuss guidance further in just a few minutes. Turning now to Page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Company bookings for the second quarter were $8.7 billion, which were $2.2 billion or 33% higher than the same period last year. And on a year-to-date basis, bookings were $15 billion, which were $2.8 billion or 23% higher than the comparable period last year. It's worth noting that on a trailing four quarter basis our book-to-bill ratio was 1.18 and our bookings were a record $30.5 billion over that same period. As Tom mentioned, these strong bookings position the company well for future growth. For the quarter, international was 21% of our total company bookings and on a year-to-date basis was 31%. For the year, we expect international to be about 35% to 37% of total bookings. Backlog at the end of the second quarter was a record $39.9 billion, up over $3.7 billion or 10% compared to last year's second quarter. Approximately 40% of our backlog is comprised of international programs. We now move to Page 5. For the second quarter 2018, sales were above the high end of the guidance we set in April primarily due to better than expected performance at our IIS business. For the second quarter our international sales were approximately 31% of total sales. And as we mentioned on past calls we expect sales for the company to accelerate throughout the year with a stronger second half driven by our bookings over the past several quarters. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had second quarter 2018 net sales of $1.5 billion, up 4% compared with the same quarter last year. The increase from Q2 2017 was primarily driven by higher sales on an international Patriot program that was awarded in the first quarter of 2018. In the second quarter 2018 IIS had net sales of $1.7 billion. The 8% increase compared with Q2 2017 was primarily due to higher net sales on classified programs, the DOMino cyber program and the Air and Space Operations Center Weapon System program. And as we've previously discussed, we expect IIS growth rate to moderate in the back half of the year due to the planned ramp down and transition on the Warfighter FOCUS program. Missile Systems had second quarter 2018 net sales of $2.1 billion, up 8% compared with the same period last year. The increase was driven by higher net sales on classified programs. We expect the growth rate at Missiles to be stronger for the balance of the year. SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion, in line with last year's second quarter. As a reminder, we see growth in the second half of the year at SAS. And for Forcepoint, sales were up 7% compared with the same quarter last year. We expect the growth rate will continue to accelerate across the next two quarters as indicated by bookings strength in the second quarter of $148 million, up 29% versus the same period last year. Overall we're pleased with our total company sales which grew 5.5% in the quarter. Moving ahead to Page 6. Overall we delivered solid margin performance in the quarter. Our operating margin in the quarter was 16.6% for the total company and 11.7% on a business segment basis and as expected, lower than last year's second quarter primarily due to mix. So looking now at margins by business. IDS second quarter 2018 operating margin was strong at 17.3%, which benefited from productivity improvements as well as favorable mix versus Q2 of 2017. IIS operating margin was up slightly compared to last year's second quarter. The decrease in margin at Missiles in the quarter compared with the same period last year was primarily driven by an expected change in mix. We see Missiles' operating margin improving in the back half of the year. As expected, SAS margin was lower in the quarter compared with the same period last year, primarily driven by a change in program mix and other performance in the second quarter of 2018. And at Forcepoint as we discussed on past calls, operating income was negative for the quarter. This is due to an increase in operating cost to support Forcepoint's long-term growth. We expect Forcepoint's operating income to be positive in both the third and fourth quarters of 2018. Turning now to Page 7, second quarter 2018 EPS was $2.78, higher than last year's second quarter primarily due to the favorable impact of tax reform and the tax impact from the third quarter 2018 discretionary pension plan contribution. It's worth noting the discretionary pension plan contribution was not included in our prior guidance and I'll discuss it further in a moment. In addition, second quarter EPS was better than our guidance primarily due to higher sales volume, timing and the tax impact of the previously mentioned discretionary pension plan contribution. On Page 8 we've provided you with a 2018 financial outlook walk to bridge our prior guidance from April to our current guidance. As I mentioned earlier, we are increasing our full year 2018 guidance for sales and EPS to reflect our improved operating performance as well as for tax and pension related items. Let me take you through each of these items. In operations, we increased the sales range by $200 million, driven by higher domestic orders primarily in the classified area. This increase contributes about $0.05 to 2018 full year EPS. Next, there are a couple of pension related items to discuss. First, a $1.25 billion pre-tax discretionary pension plan contribution will be made by September 15, 2018 using cash on hand. As a reminder, we have discussed making a potential discretionary pension plan contribution on past calls. Since the decision was made in the second quarter 2018, a $95 million net tax benefit was recorded in the second quarter which had a favorable impact to the effective tax rate for the full year of 310 basis points and a favorable EPS impact of $0.33. In addition, as a result of the discretionary pension plan contribution, I want to point out that our outlook for operating cash flow from continuing operations was reduced for the full year 2018 by approximately $1 billion. This reduction is the net impact of the third quarter 2018 $1.25 billion discretionary pension plan contribution, favorably offset by lower net cash taxes of approximately $250 million related to that contribution. Moving on, some of the company's pension plans purchased a group annuity contract to transfer to an insurance company nearly $1 billion of outstanding pension benefit obligations related to certain U.S. retirees and beneficiaries of some of our non-CAS covered and previously discontinued operations. This transaction closed on July 17, 2018. In connection with this transaction an unfavorable non-cash, non-operating pension settlement charge of $288 million pre-tax, $228 million after tax, will be recognized in the third quarter 2018, primarily related to the accelerated recognition of actuarial losses in those plans. This will have a favorable impact to the effective tax rate for the full year of 30 basis points and an estimated unfavorable EPS impact of $0.79 in both the third quarter and full year 2018. This transaction will have no impact to our operating cash flow from continuing operations. To summarize, this transaction reduces and de-risks about $1 billion of pension obligation. Lastly, due to other tax improvements, we see a favorable impact to the effective tax rate for the full year of 410 basis points primarily related to various tax planning initiatives and further refinement of the estimated impact of the new tax law passed in December 2017. This has an estimated favorable EPS impact of $0.48 for the full year 2018. To summarize, we now expect our full year 2018 net sales to be in the range of between $26.7 billion and $27.2 billion, up 5% to 7% from 2017. The year-over-year increase is driven by growth in both our domestic and international business. We have lowered our effective tax rate to reflect the discretionary pension plan contribution, pension plan annuity transaction and other tax improvements that I just discussed. We now expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 10.5% for the year. We've increased our full-year 2018 EPS by $0.07 from our prior guidance and now expect it to be in a range of $9.77 to $9.97. As discussed, the increase is driven by our improved operational performance in the second quarter, as well as the improvement to the effective tax rate, largely offset by the unfavorable noncash, nonoperating $0.79 impact of the pension plan annuity transaction. Moving to operating cash flow from continuing operations, as a result of the discretionary pension plan contribution discussed earlier, we are updating our 2018 operating cash flow outlook to be between $2.6 billion and $3 billion. Similar to last year, our cash flow profile is more heavily weighted toward the fourth quarter due to the timing of program milestones and collections on some of our larger contracts. It's worth noting that based on the third quarter 2018 $1.25 billion discretionary pension plan contribution, we would expect to see an improvement in operating cash flow from continuing operations in 2019 and 2020. As I sit here today, holding all pension related assumptions from our January call constant, we would expect the gross funding required for the pension to decrease by an estimated $1 billion over 2019 and 2020 combined. I'd also note that the discretionary pension plan contribution and the pension plan annuity transaction will have no impact on our CAS recovery in 2019 and 2020. I would add again, holding all pension-related assumptions from our January call constant, as a result of the two pension transactions we would expect a roughly $100 million favorable net impact to nonoperating pension expense over 2019 and 2020 combined. And as we have done in the past, we will provide a further update to the gross funding required and other pension assumptions on our fourth quarter 2018 call in January. On Page 9, we've provided you with our standard updated 2018 financial outlook, most of which I just discussed. I do want to point out that we tightened our diluted share count to be approximately 287 million shares for 2018. And as you can see on Page 10, we've included guidance by business. We've increased the full-year sales outlook at both Missile Systems and IIS and for the total company to reflect the combination of stronger bookings and sales performance to-date and second half expectations. Now turning to margin, we've increased the range and expect higher full-year operating margin performance for IDS, IIS and SAS. The strong year-to-date results exceeded our prior estimates. We lowered the range of our full-year operating margin guidance for Missiles, driven by the change in program mix and a change in the timing of an expected favorable resolution of a contractual matter. At the business segment level, we continue to see operating margin in a range of 12.5% to 12.7% for the full year. And at the company level, we continue to see total operating margin to be in a range of 17.1% to 17.3% for the full year. Before moving on to Page 11, as I mentioned earlier, we are now raising our full-year 2018 bookings outlook to a range of $28.5 billion to $29.5 billion. This reflects a $1 billion increase to the prior range and is driven by strong demand from our domestic customers, primarily in the classified area. On Page 11 we have provided guidance on how we currently see the third quarter of 2018. We expect our third quarter sales to be in a range of a little under $6.6 billion to $6.7 billion, and we expect EPS from continuing operations for Q3 to be in a range of $1.88 to $1.93, which includes the unfavorable $0.79 impact of the pension plan annuity transaction. For EPS, when modeling the second half effective tax rate, you can think of the third quarter as similar to the second quarter, maybe a bit lower, and the fourth quarter as similar to the first quarter, maybe a bit lower there as well. And for operating cash flow we expect Q3 to be an outflow in a range of $1.07 billion to $870 million. As a reminder, the outflow is due to the third quarter 2018 $1.25 billion discretionary pension plan contribution. Before concluding, I'd like to spend a minute on our capital deployment strategy. As we said on the call in April, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet that provides us with financial flexibility. We remain focused on deploying capital in ways that create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investment to support our growth, paying a sustainable and competitive dividend, reducing our share count, making targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs and making discretionary contributions to the pension. In summary, if you stand back and look at the quarter, we had strong performance. Our bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations were all higher than expected. We increased our full year 2018 sales and EPS outlook for the second time this year and increased our bookings outlook by $1 billion. We took actions to de-risk our pension and remain well-positioned for continued growth. With that, Tom and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Rob Spingarn, Credit Suisse.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rob.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Tom, I wanted to ask you about the DAS win and F-35. It seems the program is constantly looking to lower cost and increase value. The predecessor, the incumbent did a no bid there on the basis at least from their perspective that the value wasn't there. So how do we reconcile that with your win? And are there future opportunities? It sounds like the EW system and maybe the C&I could come up for recompete?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Let me just kind of set the stage here, the system that we offer is a system that's been under development at Raytheon in the last several years, but we have had this DAS product for many years. I think what's different with this EO-DAS solution it's using our latest technology, which is giving us two I would say competitive advantage. One, this new technology gives us significantly higher performance than the technology that was used to develop the original system, which  the technology stake in the ground was back in 2001. So that probably makes a lot of sense that new technology would be a lot better than the old technology. That's one. But the other area that it gives us a significant benefit for is cost. This new technology has allowed us to significantly reduce the cost of these type of products, so we were able to bring to the marketplace a system that had twice the performance and about half the cost of the systems and technology that were developed back in the 2000s. And that's a technology that we've been developing over the years in other product areas such as electronic warfare, ICNIA, radars, and constantly trying to do two things with the technology. One is obviously increase the performance, but at the same time, really try to lower the cost. And I think that's the big difference here.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Doug Harned, Bernstein.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Doug.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Doug.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can you talk a little bit about Missile Systems. And you took down the margin guidance a little bit. But if you had not had the contractual issue that you described, what would the margin guidance have been? I'm trying to understand how we should think about the long-term margins at Missile Systems which have been quite good. You've got quite a large backlog there, so I would expect it would give you good visibility into what the longer term margin performance should be?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Doug, it's Toby. Let me walk you through that. So we did reduce the margin outlook really based upon two factors. One, we talked about for the quarter good strength in domestic and especially classified volume and that's what drove the bookings outlook for the year. A big portion of that is related to Missiles. So the way to think about the change in the margin for the year, the mix because of higher classified volume is about 20 basis points of the change. And then the balance of it or 30 basis points is related to the timing of what we expect to be a favorable resolution of a contractual matter that we had assumed in the back half of 2018 moving out of the year. I'll just add a little bit of color. I won't get into it in detail or the specifics of it but only to say we're making progress with it. And to put it in the right context, there's no downside to this. This is not a problem. We don't have anything recorded on the books for it. It's only upside to Missiles once that ultimate resolution takes place. So again, it's worth about 30 basis points of margin. So the way you can think of it for the year, we would have adjusted for the mix. So about not quite but close to half of the margin decrease would have still taken place because of the mix. And then going forward as we've talked about in the past, Missiles has it going across all elements of their portfolio. A little bit more heavily here in the near term on the front end with the development work as I just talked about. But they do have a good balance of production work and that's part of what we expect to help drive the margin up in the back half of the year, especially given the strong bookings they saw at the end of 2017 which will be ramping up in the back half here of 2018. So going forward, broad portfolio, good mix of development work, E&D type of work, production work. And we're always focused on trying to drive the margins up the classified work just at times in a good way presents some headwind because as you know that's what develops technology that leads to future production and future franchises.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Richard Safran, Buckingham Research.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Tom, Toby, Kelsey, good morning. How are you?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rich.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So I'd like to ask you a bit more about your comments about those really impressive bookings and the 1.3 book-to-bill in the quarter and also your comment, Tom, about the classified. First off, Tom, I'm not sure I heard but I think you kind of quantified the trend in classified versus unclassified. I think you said they doubled. Was that correct? And I was wondering how you see that trending for the rest of the year and maybe into 2019? And what I'm looking for is to see if classified is going to grow significantly more than unclassified bookings? And then finally here, does  is the general rule that classified contracts come with higher margins than unclassified, does that still hold?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Let me start off. We did have an unprecedented year  quarter relative to classified. And for the second quarter the classified bookings were 31% of our total second quarter bookings but the volume was up year-over-year from Q2 2017 169%. So it's definitely a significant increase in classified bookings. Classified sales in the second quarter were 20% of our total sales and that volume was up over 21% from Q2 2017. So  and so the reason is why? Well, we talked about on the last call that the budget and I talked about it on this call, the budget is up and the modernization budget is up 19% year-over-year. And so we're starting to see the impact of that coming through the bookings line and a lot of it is coming in through the classified area. And the reason it's coming through the classified area is the third element or third bucket that I  terminology I use of the National Defense Strategy is all about catching up with the peer threat. And to catch up with the peer threat significantly new capabilities are required across multiple domains, domains of space, the domains of air and the domain of land surface. And so we are seeing these classified awards come in at a much higher rate than we've had in the past years again due to the 19% increase. Just real quick back, you did state that you thought that the classified program margins were higher than the unclassified. It's actually the reverse. The classified bookings are generally associated with programs that are we call CRAD, contract research and development programs and/or E&D engineering, manufacturing and development programs. Those programs tend to be cost share programs with the government. And because of the cost share nature of the contracts tend to have lower fee structures and resulting margins but the bottom line is those programs are integral to our business model. They are essentially the seed corn for future franchises. And as you know that's one of the strong points of Raytheon is the numerous strong franchises that we have across all domains.
Operator: The next question is going to come from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu, Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone and thank you.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: I appreciate the commentary on Missile Systems, but can we think about mix with the broader portfolio and how we think about it over the medium term, if you can give us some color there?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yes, Sheila. It's Toby. I'll start and then if Tom wants to jump in here and add anything he can. So when we talk about mix and we relate it to our programs, we generally think of it, programs with sales volume at either higher or lower from period to period that we're comparing to. And obviously because of those particular programs' margin rate, the profit and the sales volume can weigh in on the business either favorably or unfavorably. Most often it's the mix if you will, between development and production work. And we see that at generally speaking all of our businesses other than IIS isn't dramatically impacted by that. Tom just talked about on the prior question the nature of the classified or the CRAD volume and that really goes across all of our businesses. The cost type work in the near term it does present margin headwinds. Obviously, the contract phase right where we are at any given point in time in the execution of a contract relative to risk retirement, opportunity realization, which is generally as we've talked about in the past more in the middle towards the end of contracts. Again, that goes across all of our businesses. And also domestic versus international, right? The mix and the volume there, primarily more impacting IDS and Missiles, but also to a lesser degree SAS. And I think when you think about it big picture and from a trend point of view, we've talked about how we've been working to incrementally improve our margins. You see that this year with about a  the 12.5% to the 12.7% and 20 basis point increase at the midpoint of the range over last year. We talk about these incremental increases because while the mature part of the portfolio with the production programs, the international programs continues to perform well, in a good way we're seeing some headwinds from more of a mix relative to the classified work. And a lot of that, as Tom just said, ties back to the NDS and where the focus is there, especially in that third bucket that he referred to. So there's a balance there that we're working through. And obviously in Missiles in particular in this quarter they've got a lot more classified cost type work and that trend is continuing through the year.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of George Shapiro, Shapiro Research.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Hello?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hi, George.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Hi. I guess pursuing Missiles just a little more, Toby and what you've been saying. To kind of get to the margin range, even though you lowered it, you got to get the Missile margins near 14% in the second half versus 11.4% in the first half.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: So what changes sufficiently in the mix in the second half to get there? And then just on the other side, IDS margin's got to come down pretty significantly in the second half. Now it came down in 2Q, but what changes there to get the margin to come down so? Thanks.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, sure. Yeah, no. Your math is right, George. At Missiles we do expect a ramp up in the margin in the back half of the year, 13.6% to 14% as you said. There's a couple factors that are driving this. One, on the FEMA mix, that mix turning a little bit more favorable in the back half of the year. We expect higher volume on our production programs compared to the first half. There is some inventory we're expecting to be relieved to a few of our second half higher margin awards that are in our outlook, as well as improved productivity driven by improved operating leverage as the business continues to grow, benefits from factory automation that we've talked about in the past. And then as I mentioned a little bit earlier to Sheila's question, at Missiles we expect some retirement of risk, especially on a few international programs. And it's the combination of all those that would cause us to see the margin ramp up in the back half into the high 13% approaching 14%. On the flip side of the coin at IDS, IDS had another solid quarter, and certainly for the first half a real strong performance. We did increase their outlook by 30 basis points for the year. As we've discussed before, the risk retirement on programs, the quarter in which the risk is retired, is where the retroactive benefit occurs. IDS had risk retired on a few programs both in the second quarter and the first half, and part of that was timing. And we just see the cadence or the pace of that lower than it was in the first half, right? We still expect strong margin performance, roughly around 16%, for the back half of the year, and that's pretty consistent with where their margin was last year, but overall very pleased with the margin performance at IDS.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Sam Pearlstein, Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sam.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I wanted to go back to Missile Systems once again. But just looking at the bookings strength, I guess what I'm trying to understand is really do you think your win rate is increasing? Or is it simply that your products are what's in demand given the current threat environment? Because certainly your missiles competitor is showing similar strength, and I'm just trying to understand how you define market share, whether you're holding your own or just you're in the right place?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: So, Sam, I'll take that upfront. I think it's both, based on when we peel the onion and then look inside. The bottom line is we are winning quite a few programs. This last one was the Naval Strike Missile. Brand new missile franchise for us, which will be a multimillion-dollar franchise moving forward. So that's one example. And on the other side we are also bringing onto production several new or upgraded franchise missiles. One is  we mentioned there was a JSOW C, which is a new variant of JSOW which has a significant demand signal pull in the U.S. and we'll eventually have it in the international marketplace. And we are also completing the development of another missile, the Small Diameter Bomb II, which will be transitioning into full rate production. And that will start to see significant volume and obviously margin increases in the fact that it's in a production type run. So the bottom line is two things are going on. One is we're winning new franchises. And the second thing is we had multiple missiles that were I would call in development and then the final testing stages that are now transitioning from either into LRIP or from LRIP into production. And so we're starting to see larger volume.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: And, Sam, I'd just add bigger picture at the company level relative to the competitive win rates, we continue to be very pleased with the performance across the company in all the businesses. Historically we've run in the 70% range give or take and we're seeing similar results so far this year again across all of our business  Missiles included but across all of our businesses, all within that 70% range, so strong performance there.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Jon Raviv, Citi.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Jon.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Toby, can you give us a sense for the  some of the pension decisions that you made in terms of what kind of return metrics do you see? Why did you choose to do the annuity contract now? And then also appreciating that CAS does not change, how do you think about the CAS mechanics sort of beyond 2020? What's it sensitive to and how it might trend over the long term? Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, so let me maybe start with that last part first, Jon, and then I'll come back to the beginning part of your question. So from a CAS point of view, I think the simple way to think of it is that for the next, say, five or six years, the CAS recovery  we expect it to be roughly in line with our 2018 expectation, okay? And then after 2018 we anticipate to have, from an overall pension point of view, positive cash flow out until the 2026 timeframe, right, holding all assumptions constant. So I think very positive news and somewhat predictable as far as the CAS goes. Related to the two pension actions that we took in the quarter, certainly related to the discretionary, we've been talking on and off that we'd been evaluating that. If you recall we put a $1 billion discretionary contribution into the plan at the end of last year. We made this additional contribution decision in June. The contribution's being made in the third quarter in part to leverage the benefit of getting the deduction at the 35% rate on the 2017 tax return. And it helps work relative to the funding of the plan. So that one was kind of straightforward. On the annuity that we enacted here in the quarter, two independent transactions. We just saw an opportunity in the marketplace based upon some other activity to  in a appropriate way, right, that continues to provide benefit security for our pensioners, to de-risk our liability, right, and reduce our liability in a very economical way. We're doing this with a solid insurer. We are continuing to follow our goal of operating our business effectively and this de-risking and reducing the obligation is consistent with that.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Carter Copeland, Melius Research.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Just a quick clarification on the pension piece, Toby, not to let you off the hook totally yet. It sounds like the transfer, you get rid of the liability side. What happens to the associated assets with those plans?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: So we  as part of the transfer we funded that with assets out of the plan.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Okay. Okay. That's what I figured. I just wanted to make sure. So you will get  you will lose in the future years the expected returns on those plan assets but you won't have any of the actuarial amortization associated with it?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Correct. Right.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Okay.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yes.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: All right. And then just, Tom, briefly. Just because it seems to be on the tip of everybody's tongue. And I know you guys have been particularly growth focused for a while but given that we might actually have budget passage and authorization passage on time for once and folks are looking at higher levels of funding, when you take a step back and just look from a business development standpoint what the opportunity funnel looks like out of there? Is it materially different today than say six months ago? Or nine months ago? Or any color you can provide us on how you're thinking about that. Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: I'll take it. I think, I would say it's significantly different than over a year ago in terms of demand signal. Demand signal is global. We are seeing significant demand signal in Europe. A lot of that is for deterrence type products like our integrated air missile defense systems, a la the Patriot system. And we're also seeing strong demand in the MENA region. That demand signal is coming in for again defensive type systems, deterrence systems like the Patriot System but also our NASAMS system, seeing significant demand signals for that. And then eventually the THAAD system is going to be  make a inroad into the MENA region also. So we're getting that kind of demand signal. In Asia-Pacific region it's also the whole area of deterrence and that area is demand signals for our Patriot systems and also our standard missiles both in Japan and also in South Korea. And we come back to the U.S. The biggest change in U.S. is the classified. And again that  the element of the third bucket of the National Defense Strategy which is the need for the United States to catch up to our peer threats and the U.S. government is taking that seriously, Congress is taking that seriously and providing the funding required to make that happen. And that is one of the major reasons that our classified bookings have been up significantly this quarter.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Seth Seifman, JPMorgan.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, and good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I think  I apologize if you guys addressed this. But in IIS as you look forward on the Warfighter FOCUS contract I think you guys recently were selected for one piece of the follow on. And so maybe if you could talk about how that fits into your overall plan for that contract and the coming decline?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, sure, Seth. This is Toby. I'll take a crack at that. So I think we've talked about in the past that the guidance for this year and you can read beyond this year, right are  always assumed that we'd have a planned decline on Warfighter as we transition the program primarily in the second half of this year to new contract vehicles. So again there's no change in the negative way to our guidance range for IIS this year. We were selected as one of three large businesses for the portion of the program called ETSC, which at a high level is related to the international aspect of the program. We're also on one of the five small business set aside teams for that part of the follow on program as well. So between both of those positions we feel we can be very competitive on that future scope. I think it's important when you think of IIS as I talked about in my opening comments, they saw strong growth in the quarter. And for the year, even excluding Warfighter FOCUS, right we are looking at call it mid-single digit growth for the rest of the business between their classified business, their cyber business. As an example, right they're starting to make up for and offset that business. So IIS is more than Warfighter and that's what we're expecting to continue to carry them into the future as well as the portions of Warfighter we continue to execute.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Cai von Rumohr, Cowen & Company.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you very much. To maybe follow up on Carter's question, could you update us a little bit on where we stand regarding your opportunities for THAAD and (57:33) in the international arena? And also, given that the president has been pressuring NATO to spend more money and at the same time basically beating them over the head in terms of tariffs, what impact do you expect those two initiatives to have on your business? Are you seeing anything today? Thanks.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: So maybe I'll take the second part of that relative to the NATO and the tariffs. I mean we're not seeing any impact today nor do we expect the tariffs will have an impact, certainly not a direct impact even when we look forward into the supply chain and if there was any potential concern there. We don't think there's anything of a material point of view. Relative to NATO specifically, Cai, Tom talked about we booked the Romania Patriot order. Just as a update for everybody, the Patriot Poland LOA was signed. We are working towards getting on the first phase of that contract, a little north of $1 billion sometime in 2019. That program is still $5 billion overall with the second phase in 2020. We told you last time around, Sweden had selected Patriot. And we expect them to sign their LOA in the back half of the year contract next year for $1 billion. My whole point there is not seeing anybody backing off of what they were interested in and committed to before, all because they continue to want to have a deterrent against the threat from that perspective. As far as our TPY-2 radars, which are part of the THAAD system, the opportunity in KSA for us is a $3 billion to $4 billion opportunity. We look for the LOA on that to be signed here in the back half of the year with the, potentially an initial award of a few hundred million dollars with the follow on, the majority of it in 2019. There's an opportunity in Qatar for THAAD, again with our early warning with the TPY-2 radar as part of that in the plus or minus $1 billion range, maybe out in the 2020 timeframe. So, strong demand for our products.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: So that's all the time we have today. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter conference call in October.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation vision. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co. Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co. Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Joyce and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Kelsey. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to take a minute before getting into the details of the first quarter to welcome Kelsey DeBriyn, our new Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of you may already know Kelsey from her time in the investment community. She joined the company in October and we're pleased to have her on the Raytheon team. Welcome, Kelsey. Now turning to our results, Raytheon is off to a strong start in 2018 as we've continued to build on our growth momentum from last year. In the first quarter, sales increased 4.5% and our sales, EPS, and operating cash flow were all better than expected. Bookings were solid and our backlog was up over $2 billion year-over-year. Overall, our growth strategy continues to be well-aligned with the needs of our global customers and we are increasing our sales and EPS guidance for the year. Toby will take you through the quarter's financials in a few minutes. You can see the strong global demand for our integrated air and missile defense systems in our recent progress on international opportunities. At the end of March, Poland signed LOA for Phase 1 with the U.S. government to purchase our combat-proven Patriot air and missile defense system. This paves the way for the U.S. government to begin contract negotiations with Raytheon. We still expect booking for Phase 1 in 2019 and Phase 2 in 2020, making Poland a partner that depends on Patriot to protect its citizens and armed forces. The Phase 1 opportunity for Raytheon is expected to be over $1 billion with the total Raytheon Poland Patriot opportunity to be around $5 billion. And we continue to make progress on an opportunity to provide Qatar additional integrated air and missile defense capabilities. Last week, after the quarter, we signed an MoU with Qatar for a NASAMS system and we expect to receive a booking later this year. Total Raytheon opportunity is expected to be over $2 billion and have direct commercial and foreign military sales components. In the first quarter, we also booked over $550 million on our air-to-air missile, AMRAAM, for the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy and international customers. AMRAAM is one of our many franchise missile programs. And within the last six months, we have booked over $1.2 billion in orders for AMRAAM. We expect demand to continue for this advanced capability. In the first quarter, we saw our classified bookings up 18.5%, driven by both domestic and international orders. And our customer-funded research and development or CRAD bookings were up 38% in the quarter. This is important because CRAD, along with our internal research and development or IRAD, funds technology development that is integral to the long-term growth of our new franchises and production awards. Beyond CRAD, we continue to prioritize investing in ourselves to support our long-term growth through CapEx and IRAD. Given our increased spending on both of these in 2018, I thought it would be helpful to take a few minutes to talk about our investments in these areas. In 2018, Raytheon's capital investment is expected to be up more than 50% versus 2017 to support our future growth and productivity initiatives. One area of investment is for demonstration capabilities to position us to win new future franchises and opportunities. A second area of investment is for high technology facilities. For example, to support growth in new classified programs at missiles, we are expanding operations by adding new facilities for people and testing. A final area of investment is for more automation and test equipment to drive efficiencies at our businesses. In 2018, our IRAD is expected to be up 15% versus 2017 as we refresh current franchises and develop new capabilities to ensure that we are well-positioned to win new opportunities. We are prioritizing our investments in areas that are key priorities for our customers such as high energy lasers, high power microwaves, hypersonics, next-generation sensors, and cybersecurity, among others. Drawing on our decades of technology innovation, Raytheon continues to invest in high energy lasers and high power microwaves to develop the most advanced solutions for our customers. In March, during a U.S. Army exercise, 45 unmanned aerial vehicles and drones were engaged and destroyed by Raytheon's advanced high-power microwave and laser. Our solution provides a short-range air defense capability with a low cost per engagement that is much needed by our customer. Another technology we are investing in is hypersonics which is a primary focus area for our customer to address pure threats. Hypersonic systems travel beyond Mach 5 making them harder to hit and this is the next wave of technology relative to advanced missile systems. As a result, we are executing several activities in the areas of hypersonics and counter-hypersonics and we're positioning ourselves to fully capture this growing opportunity. We also continue to invest in next-generation sensor technologies. Over the last few years, we have seen a number of radar wins from our past investments in GaN such as the Three Dimensional Expeditionary Long Range Radar for the U.S. Air Force and the Air and Missile Defense Radar for the U.S. Navy. Both of these represent multibillion dollar franchise opportunities for Raytheon. We're also helping the U.S. Army develop third-generation electro-optical capabilities for combat vehicles. With this technology, soldiers will be able to identify targets with much greater clarity and engage at significantly longer ranges. The investments we are making in our cybersecurity capabilities helped us in last year's DOMino win, one of the largest single cybersecurity contracts. Through this program, Raytheon is working with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to provide cybersecurity for over 100 agencies within the .gov domain. The DOMino win establishes our credibility as the leading cybersecurity company to provide nation-scale technologies in a global market. As you may have seen, we are in the early stages of working with Saudi Aramco and others to provide cybersecurity services and to cyber secure infrastructure throughout the Middle East region. Beyond these technologies, we also continue to invest in several other areas, which include machine learning, undersea capabilities, electronic warfare, space, and C5ISR. Our investments are completely aligned with the priorities identified in the National Defense Strategy which is important given that the new Defense Strategy is already driving the allocation of resources within the Defense Department. The National Defense Strategy seeks to build a more lethal force, strengthen alliances, and reform DoD for greater performance and affordability. As a company, we are committed to helping the Defense Department implement the National Defense Strategy, so that U.S. forces and allies can secure a competitive military advantage. We will do everything we can to help the DoD in its pursuit of urgent change at significant scale. Turning to the U.S. defense budget, we're very encouraged by defense spending growth and pleased as we continue to see bipartisan support for higher spending levels. In March, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 significantly amended upward the BCA caps in fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 to accommodate the defense budget. And this smooths the path to the fiscal year 2019 appropriations bill. Now only two years remain, fiscal year 2020 and fiscal year 2021, until the effects of the BCA on defense are over. We are confident these caps will again be revised upward. And at the end of March, we were pleased to see Congress pass the fiscal year 2018 defense appropriations bill which included a double-digit increase in modernization funding versus the fiscal year 2017 level. We continue to see Congressional support in areas where Raytheon has strong core capabilities. And starting in 2019, we expect to see meaningful impact from the budget increase. I'd like to close today by recognizing the Raytheon team for all of their hard work and dedication. Together, we successfully navigated a sustained period of budget headwinds in a manner that increased our competitive posture, differentiated our solutions and enabled customer success. Now, with a prospect of budget tailwinds, we stand ready to secure opportunities for future growth by leveraging investments we've made in the company and deploying new transformational technologies. With the team's continued focus and commitment, we plan to take our success and that of our customers to new levels. With that, I'll turn the call over to Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the first quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would turn to page 3. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in the first quarter with sales, EPS and operating cash flow better than our expectations. As a result, we're raising our full year outlook for sales and EPS which I'll discuss further in a few minutes. Our sales in the quarter were $6.3 billion, up 4.5%, led by our IDS, IIS and missiles business. Our EPS from continuing operations was $2.20, better than our guidance, and an increase of 27.2% year-over-year. I'll give a little more color on this in just a moment. We generated solid operating cash flow of $283 million in the first quarter. Operating cash flow was higher than last year's first quarter, primarily due to favorable collections and lower net cash taxes. During the quarter, the company repurchased 1.9 million shares of common stock for $400 million. I would add that last month we announced an 8.8% increase in our dividend. This marks the 14th consecutive year of increasing dividends at Raytheon. Turning now to page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our first quarter results. Company bookings for the first quarter were $6.3 billion, which were 11% higher than the same period last year. And on a trailing four-quarter basis, our total book-to-bill ratio was 1.11. International awards represented 45% of the total bookings, an increase of approximately 50% over last year's first quarter, primarily due to the $1.6 billion Patriot booking that we previously discussed in January. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $38.1 billion, an increase of over $2 billion or 5.8% compared to the first quarter 2017. It's worth noting that approximately 42% of our backlog is comprised of international programs. If you now move to page 5, for the first quarter 2018, sales were higher than the high end of the guidance we set in January. Sales were especially strong in IDS. We expect sales for the company to increase throughout the year with the strong second half, driven by our bookings over the past several quarters. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had first quarter net sales of $1.5 billion, up 6.5% compared with the same period last year. The increase from Q1 2017 was primarily driven by higher sales on an international Patriot program that was awarded in the first quarter of 2018. In the first quarter, IIS had net sales of $1.6 billion. Compared with the same quarter last year, the 5% increase was primarily due to higher net sales on classified and training programs. As we've previously discussed, we expect IIS's growth rate to moderate in the back half of the year due to the planned ramp down and transition of the Warfighter FOCUS program. Missile Systems had net sales of $1.8 billion, up 5% compared with the same period last year. The increase here was also driven by higher net sales on classified programs. We expect the growth rate to be stronger for the balance of the year, starting in the second quarter. SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion in the first quarter of 2018, up slightly compared to last year's first quarter. And at Forcepoint, sales were down slightly in the quarter compared with last year's first quarter. Overall, we're pleased with our total company sales which grew 4.5% in the quarter. Moving ahead to page 6. First, as a reminder, in the first quarter of 2018, we adopted the new retirement benefit standard. As a result, all components of FAS pension and postretirement benefit expense, other than service costs, were reclassified from operating income to non-operating income with no impact to net income. The 2017 total company operating margins have been recast to reflect this change. Now let me spend a few minutes talking about our margins in the quarter. We delivered solid margin performance. Our operating margin was 16.6% for the total company, up 80 basis points, and 11.9% on a business segment basis, an increase of 10 basis points. The margin improvement on a segment basis in the first quarter was driven by IDS which benefited from the timing of productivity improvements that were expected later in the year as well as favorable mix versus Q1 2017. Missiles margins were down in the first quarter, as expected, due to a change in program mix. We continue to see improvement in their margin in the back half of the year and for 2018 still expect their margin to be in the 13.1% to 13.3% range. And at Forcepoint, as we discussed on the January call, operating income was negative for the quarter. This is due to an increase in operating cost to support Forcepoint's long-term growth. From a total company point of view, we remain focused on margin improvement going forward and see our business segment margins in the 12.5% to 12.7% range for the full year, consistent with the guidance we laid out in January. We see our margin improving in the back half of the year, driven by favorable program mix and productivity improvements. Turning now to page 7, first quarter 2018 EPF of $2.20 was up 27.2% from last year's first quarter and was better than our expectations. The year-over-year increase was largely driven by higher volume, margin expansion and lower taxes. On page 8, as I mentioned earlier, we are updating the company's financial outlook for 2018 to reflect our improved performance today as well as the further refinement of our estimated tax rate under current tax law. We're increasing our full year 2018 net sales range by $100 million which favorably impacts EPS by about $0.05. This increase is driven by higher expected sales at our IDS business. We now expect total company net sales to be in the range of between $26.5 billion and $27 billion, an increase of 4.5% to 6.5% from 2017. We updated our effective tax rate to reflect revised estimates related to the new tax law and various other items which in total is worth about $0.10 to EPS for the full year. We now expect our full year effective tax rate to be approximately 18%. Looking at our EPS guidance, we exceeded the high end of our guidance in the first quarter by $0.19. For the year, due to the first quarter operating performance, as well as the lower tax rate, we are raising our guidance by $0.15. As a result, we now expect our full year EPS to be in a range of $9.70 to $9.90. As I discussed earlier, we repurchased 1.9 million shares of common stock for $400 million in the quarter and continue to see our diluted share count in the range of between 287 million and 289 million shares for 2018, driven by the continuation of our share repurchase program. Operating cash flow in the first quarter was slightly higher than our prior expectations, primarily due to the timing of collections that we had originally expected in the second quarter. We continue to see our full year 2018 operating cash flow outlook to be between $3.6 billion and $4 billion. And although not on the page, it is worth noting that we continue to see our full year 2018 bookings outlook to be between $27.5 billion and $28.5 billion. Turning now to page 9, as you can see, we've included guidance by business which reflects the higher net sales in IDS and for the total company that I mentioned earlier. On page 10, we provided you with our outlook for the second quarter of 2018. As we mentioned on our last call, excluding the impact of tax reform in the fourth quarter of 2017, we still expect the cadence for the balance of 2018 to play out similar to 2017. We see sales, EPS and operating cash flow ramping up in the second half of the year. I want to point out that we expect second quarter sales to be in a range of approximately $6.4 billion to $6.5 billion and EPS from continuing operations is expected to be in a range of $2.23 to $2.28. We expect operating cash flow to be in a range of $350 million to $550 million. Before concluding, I'd like to spend a minute on our capital deployment strategy. As we said on the call in January, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet that provides us with financial flexibility. We remain focused on deploying capital in ways that create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investments to support our growth, paying a sustainable and competitive dividend, reducing our share count, making targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs, and making discretionary contributions to the pension. In summary, our performance in the first quarter provides a solid foundation for the balance of 2018. Our bookings were strong. Sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations were all higher than the guidance we set in January and we increased our full year 2018 outlook for sales and EPS. We remain well-positioned for continued growth. With that, Tom and I will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: The first question will come from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Carter. Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Carter. Thanks.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Tom, I wondered if you could give us an update a little bit on hypersonics. I know you mentioned it in your prepared remarks but clearly this is getting a lot more emphasis inside the building. And I noted one of your competitors got a big award last week and just wondered if you could just give us an update on the handful of initiatives or programs you've got there and what the opportunity is and how that's unfolding. Just an update would be really helpful. Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Thank you, Carter. As we discussed in the past and as I talked about a little bit in my script today, hypersonics is an area that we continue to invest in for future growth. Now we are working multiple hypersonic programs today both  I would call them CRAD type contracts. Hypersonic area right now is really focused on demonstrating advanced technologies that will then be used to go into engineering, manufacturing and development programs in the future. And I can tell you we're heavily involved in many of these type of programs all the way from the hypersonic air-breathing weapons type concept which is with the DARPA program and also in several other areas, including some ground-based hypersonic systems. The other area of the hypersonic equation is the counter hypersonics which is also a big area and we are involved with that with several of our existing systems, improvements to those, but also in some new advanced counter hypersonic missiles. So bottom line is we continue to make solid progress in our hypersonic pursuits and we will continue to invest in that technology and invest to continue to put assets in place to support the contracts we have in those areas.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rob.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I just wanted to get a clarification from Toby. And then I had a question on IDS margins. Toby, just curious why the cash flow guidance didn't rise at all here with the fundamental improvement in sales, et cetera. We've seen this trend all week from some of your peers. Just wondering if there's something at play there. And then on the IDS margins, for the back end of the year, what are the headwinds that we see there? Why didn't this translate  this strength in the first quarter translate into slightly higher guide on those margins?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Sure. So I'll start with your first question on cash flow. And I'll point to maybe two or three things here to maybe help folks understand, right. So we're pleased with the performance in the quarter, right, about $83 million above the high end of our guidance. We had some favorable timing of collections moving from Q2 to Q1. Keep in mind this performance in the first quarter is on top of our record-setting cash flow performance in 2017 where in Q4 we beat our expectations by about $800 million. And then coming off of that, we set guidance this year. Last year we were  prior to our discretionary pension, our cash flow was a little over $3.7 billion and the range we set this year was $3.6 billion to $4 billion, right. So we didn't drop it down, if you will, for the $800 million improvement we saw late last year. And then the other thing I'll just bring back here. In January on our fourth quarter call, we showed a three-year look at cash flow that rough numbers was about $2 billion better than our previous expectations. And we're still on track for that. So, overall, the cash flow remains very strong. As I mentioned earlier, it's a little more biased, as we've seen in the past, towards the back half of the year. And then the last point I'll make. If you look at the sales improvement, the flow-through of the margin on that and the change in the tax rate, all else equal, that's plus or minus $40 million and we have a pretty significant range of $3.6 billion to $4 billion. So the other way to think of it is it's considered in that range already. But I would tell you the takeaway here. Cash flow remains a key focus and we're really pleased with our Q1 performance and the outlook for the year. Shifting to IDS and IDS's margins, obviously, they had a real strong quarter and a great start to the year. Rob, to your point, they were at 18.3% which quite frankly was about 200 basis points higher than our expectations. What we saw in Q1 was some favorable timing of program improvements. And I think, as everybody knows, we've discussed in the past, programs retire risk. We take the benefit in the quarter when that occurs and there is the retroactive adjustments. And IDS did retire risks on a couple of programs earlier than expected, increasing the Q1 margin and reducing the expected margin for the balance of the year compared to what we were looking at back in January. We do still see IDS margins, to your point, of 16.4% to 16.6% on $100 million in higher volume as we showed in the updated guidance. And because of that, the IDS margins for the balance of the year will probably be in the range of around 16%, give or take. So 18.3% is a pretty strong quarter across the industry, never mind within the company. We're pleased with it and we're pleased with the outlook for the year at IDS.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Tom, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about sort of the longer-term outlook and the big plus-up in the budget that we got, especially for the investment account, should be fueling very healthy outlay growth for the next three years or so. And so probably coming into the year, you guys grew about 5% in 2017. You're forecasting 5% to 6% this year. When we put the domestic together with the international, can we think about acceleration in the out-years?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Let me take your first question first. Bottom line is the fiscal year 2018 appropriations bill did get several plus ups to many of our programs. I'll give you some examples. Patriot program had a plus-up of $40 million. The SM-3 IB program had a plus-up of $108 million. SM-3 Block IIA was about $111 million. The Javelin was up $142 million, Excalibur $150 million. I can go on and on, but significant plus-ups across many of our programs out of that appropriations bill. We expect to see some of those bookings in 2018 and we expect to see the impact of sales in 2019 and beyond. So some very good clear projections out in terms of transparency into our ability to grow in 2019 and beyond, just based on what we're seeing in plus ups on the FY 2018 appropriations bill. So the other one is this overall modernization surge and where it's going. And I think the bottom line is we can see continued uptick in the defense budget. The fight-up associated with the fiscal year 2018 budget shows growth beyond 2018, obviously, into 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022. So we're seeing some clear demand signals from the customer. I think the biggest area that we're seeing the uptick in, because  and it's actually called out in the National Defense Strategy and the Department is putting money behind the National Defense Strategy, is in the area of coming up with new technologies to be able to counter what they're calling the peer threat. The fact that we've been in 17 years head down fighting wars of counterinsurgency and had not really been pushing new advanced technology areas. So we're  for example, our classified bookings were 16% of our total Q1 2018 bookings and that was up 18% from Q1 2017 and our classified sales were 19% of our Q1 2018 sales, and that was up 9.6% from Q1 2017. So we're getting strong signals from the Department that this is an important area. We are fully behind it. I talked about it in my script relative to the investments we're making. We're seeing these growth activities across all of those technology areas. We're in the right place at the right time. So bottom line is we have a good projection and transparency here over the next several years for growth.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Doug.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I wanted to turn to IIS. This is a business that's had  I mean, it's had virtually no growth for the last three years. And if we take the midpoint of your guidance for 2018, it's still the case in 2018. And I understand the Warfighter FOCUS Program decline, that's an important part. But the Q1 backlog  it's about where it was in each of the last two years for Q1. So given that this is a short cycle business, I would think it can turn very quickly, and we're certainly seeing interest in the space, such as the GD CSRA deal. So my question is, are we in a turning point where we should expect to see growth in IIS at a rate comparable to the budget growth rate, or should we expect the mix here to just be a slower growth business? How do you look at this over the next few years?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Doug, let me start and then if Tom has anything to add, he can jump in and maybe address your question in a couple points because you raised a few things that are  you are spot on, and I'll elaborate a little bit. So you mentioned IIS generally a book in turn type of business and reference where their backlog is. So one thing that I'll point out here is towards the middle of last year we started to see some shifts  I think they're somewhat temporary, but we have seen some shifts in the mix of programs at IIS moving away from that quick turn work that you referred to, and in a couple cases, to some longer duration programs that were rather large, especially for IIS. So, the backlog has grown, but with a little bit of a higher percentage of that towards the longer duration mix and that is affecting the conversion cycle here in the near-term in 2018. Your other point, you're right and we have talked about it with Warfighter FOCUS between the competitions and just the natural program plan where there was going to be a natural ramp down in that in the back half of this year. That, as we've said before, is a couple hundred to $0.25 billion impact in IIS revenue in the quarter. And excluding that, because of their efforts in other areas around classified, cyberspace, et cetera, excluding Warfighter, we would be seeing growth this year in the 3% to 5% range. So I think you are seeing some benefit from the focus on services that IDS has seen and it's being masked a bit by the Warfighter conversion as well as a mix change in their backlog.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yes. Doug, just to jump in on that. Two areas that we're seeing a strong pipeline for IIS in the coming year is one of them is ground-based space control really being driven by the issue relative to contested space. And the other area for a strong pipeline is government cybersecurity and then also including strong government international cybersecurity business. And we are seeing those two areas starting to pick up and assume that they will be seeing growth here in the out-years in those two big areas.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please proceed.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Can you talk us through a little bit just on the Missile Systems margin and IDS margin? I'm just trying to think about those in the context of  we know IDS went through some mix shifts a few years ago and we're now ramping up there. Can you describe a little bit more is MS in a similar spot right now where there is this opportunity to pick up on mix going forward from your  as implied by guidance, but also out into the future?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yes. So, if you have  and I understand the comparison to IDS. I think maybe a little bit of a follow on to Rob's question, I would point out that IDS  the margin profile there is playing out, I think, pretty much as we had expected or predicted over the last couple years, given the shift that you referred to when we talked about and again strong start for the year for IDS and real pleased with their outlook for the year as well. What I would tell you on Missile's margins, I think, as I alluded to briefly, their Q1 margin lower than last year's Q1 but we were expecting that and the mix is what's driving it. We do expect this year that Missile's margins will grow sequentially, a bit more pronounced in the second half, aligned with some higher production volumes and the timing of expected program efficiencies related to risk reduction and risk retirement. On the prior call, we had talked about higher CRAD in classified sales in 2018 impacting Missile's margins. And this is what we're really seeing early on in Q1. We've also talked about Missiles has, I think, within the company, from my perspective, the broadest and most balanced portfolio with programs at all end of the spectrum from early-stage CRAD-type of work into TMRR phases, into EMD low rate production, mature production, some international. And really, it's going to be the ebb and flow between those categories that drives it. But, again, we expect improved margins this year. And keep in mind that this mix that in Q1 was a margin headwind because of the nature of it, the CRAD work, that's the type of programs that lead to future franchises, ties back to some of Tom's comments around hypersonics as example. So, overall, we're pleased with the Missile's portfolio and, again, would expect to see margins improving through the balance of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yes, a couple of quick ones, Toby. I try and pin you down in IDS, so was there EAC benefit of $20 million to $30 million because of retirement of risk on some prior ending programs as you've alluded to?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: We did see some EAC benefits that we were expecting later in the year, George, right, where we did retire risk and that risk was retired in the first quarter versus beyond that. And, as I mentioned in the opening remarks, they had some favorable mix due to the international component of their business that also contributed to the margin performance in the quarter, so a combination of both.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please proceed.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hey, Pete.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Tom, can you update us on the status of the Navy over-the-horizon missile program. I think you guys were waiting to get an approved budget to maybe begin an award announcement there. So maybe just an update and maybe quantify it.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yes, just to make sure just to quantify for everyone who is listening. This is a program where, Raytheon and Kongsberg, as a team, we submitted a proposal for something what's called  we called The Naval Strike Missile, which is the Navy's over-the-horizon weapon system that they need to put on the LCS, but turns out they're also going to put them on all the Future Frigates. We think we're in a very good position there. We have a system that requires minimum development essentially to develop systems, some small changes we'll make, but can go into production very quickly, which is something the United States Navy needs. We are anticipating an award here in Q2 with significant more funds placed against it in the fiscal year 2019 budget to move forward with that program.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sam.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the investments you said you were making. You talked about the IRAD growth of 15% this year, but it looks relatively flat this year. So I'm just wondering can you play off CRAD versus IRAD and shift it around as one growth and move it as that part of the timing as we go through the year. And related, the CapEx seemed relatively high in the quarter, just given that you usually have a back-end loaded CapEx. So I just want to make sure you're still on track for the same level of CapEx.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yes. Sam, let me give you kind of the top level here. The IRAD  and, obviously, we'll use the IRAD to give us the technologies to go capture the CRAD. We'll use the CRAD to go capture the development programs and we capture development programs, so we can have the production programs. So the IRAD is kind of the initial fuel for the engine to kind of get us going. And you're absolutely correct. Once we win the CRAD we'll redirect the IRAD to other opportunities, to be able to pick up more CRAD in other areas. And that's just the nature of the game that we play to win with. The bottom line is, is we are focusing and we have been focusing on several years in what I would consider the key areas, especially that are being called out in the National Defense Strategy. And, again, what's key about that is that's where the Department is going to be focusing its money relative to next-generation capabilities. And I can tell you we are 100% aligned with those areas. We are again using the IRAD to give us the start to fuel in our engines to go capture CRAD and so forth up the line. In area of the capital, we are up this year in capital. We did mention that in the discussions, up about 50%. Those areas  again, there are some demand signals based on new work at missile companies to be able to support that in terms of facilities and test equipment, which is going meaningful but also in other areas that support our overall growth. And I'll hand it over to Toby for some more details.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So I'll address, Sam, I guess, the cadence of both the IR&D and the capital. So, on the IR&D, we haven't changed our outlook. We still expect roughly that 15% growth. You're right. The spend in Q1 was a little light from a linear point of view. But we do expect that to ramp up sequentially through the balance of the year. Similarly, on the CapEx and software spend, still same outlook, $910 million to $950 million for the year. I think the CapEx was about $220 million, $221 million and another $10 million or $12 million in software in Q1, so 230-ish million. So not linear but think of it as equal for the balance of the year maybe with a little bit of a bias towards a little bit higher spending in the back half relative to the capital.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hey, Rob.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rob. How are you doing?
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good. Thanks. Tom, I guess, a question for you. The administration has been changing up the export rules. And I was wondering if there might be some benefit here for Raytheon, particularly as it seems to be shifting a little bit away from FMS towards more commercial sales and whether some of your products could benefit from that? Thank you.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Rob, thanks for that. By the way, any effort by the administration to improve this regulatory process relative to foreign sales on defense items is very welcome, obviously, by us and also by our industry. I can tell you it has been extremely helpful. This administration from day one has been very supportive of international weapon sales, which has helped us. And you can see our international has been up here over the last year, and a lot of it's driven by the support of the administration. I think this is a next step by the administration to even press forward to support more weapon sales internationally. And one of the key areas here is not just to support sales for jobs to improve industry, but it's also being used by the Department of Defense to gain collaboration with different countries. So when they go and have to go to fight, they're able to be interoperable with these other countries. So they want these other countries to be using  our coalition partners to be using U.S.-based weapon systems, so, again, that they can be interoperable and support. And the administration is behind that now. This is one way of doing it. They just reduced some of the fees they charge on FMS but are also leaning forward on direct commercial sales, which obviously is our preferred approach, especially relative to margin perspective.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sheila. How are you doing?
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Good. Thank you. You mentioned contested space earlier. Maybe if you could discuss some of the larger pursuits and opportunities in space and some of the investments you're making in that arena.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: I'll cover that pretty lightly. And the reason is, once I get beyond the words contested space, things get classified pretty quickly. We are supporting in all elements of space relative to topic. I mentioned IIS heavily involved in the area of space control, especially in ground stations and ensuring our ability to have a resilient and reliable space control capability. And then also, obviously, in space arena itself, our ability to have very good sensors that go on these satellites to help again support resiliency and also getting those sensors down to a size where we don't lose the performance, but we still have the capability, so that they can go on smaller satellites, small sats and also medium-sized satellites, so there's a lot of our work in that area. And that's about as far as I can go relative to the area of contested space.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Noah.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Noah. How are you doing?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I'm doing well. How are you?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: We're doing pretty good.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Can you guys get me set on Warfighter? How much revenue is it when you exit 2018? And I imagine with the Army TADSS piece being protested, I guess you're not losing any of that out of 2018. But in the scenario where that goes against you, what happens to Warfighter from that in 2019? And then I guess any commentary on what you expect from the other two pieces. And then a question on a different program going the other way. The EO DAS on F-35 win that you had, can you walk us through what happened, what transpired on that win and what the terms of trade are like with the customer there?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: So, Noah, this is Toby. I'll start with the Warfighter question. So I think you alluded to this, but within the current guidance for 2018  and I think I mentioned this a little bit in the prepared remarks, right. We always assumed a decline in the Warfighter related activities because of the program plan and the transition in the second half to the new contract vehicles regardless of whether we were to win them or somebody else was. So to that point, the current situation on ATMP doesn't change the outlook for IIS for the year. It is being broken, to your point, into separate contract vehicles, one of them, ATMP, being the first one in the queue. Over the longer-term, the ATMP effort only represents a part of the scope being performed under the Warfighter contract vehicle. And we do still feel good about our competitive position on the other pursuits, both of which, ETSC and HTSC, are going through the procurement process. And the current customer's outlook is for award midyear in June-ish timeframe. As you said on ATMP, it's in protest. We feel we provided very competitively priced bid there. But at the same time, we weren't willing to make any type of significant investments ourselves to participate in that program. And I talked about this earlier, but I think it's important to reinforce it, advance of this, right. The IIS business has been working on growth in a number of other areas, including cyberspace as well as international, which we believe will allow them to continue to grow into the future regardless of the outcome of the Warfighter program. And keep in mind Warfighter, right, it's been about a $10 billion, $11 billion program, call it, $1 billion a year. As we mentioned, we saw about a 25% ramp down in the plan for 2018. And these follow-on efforts in total are only about half the size of the current Warfighter program albeit over a little bit shorter period of performance, about seven years on average. So, anyway you look at it Warfighter was going to ramp down and that's why we've been working with the  the IIS business has been working to look to grow in other areas.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: And, Noah, then on your second question on F-35 EO DAS, unfortunately, I'm going to have to refer you to Lockheed for any discussions on that topic. I can tell you though that EO DAS is a product line that we have. It's a great product line, especially for the rotorcraft market as well as aircraft like the F-35. So it is a technology that we have been developing over the years and have multiple contracts in that area.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Cai?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: I think we dropped Cai.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Cai, I don't know if you are on mute?
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Let's move to the next question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Richard Safran from Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Tom, Toby, Kelsey, good morning. How are you?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Richard. How are you doing?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Very well, thanks. Okay. You know what I'm going to try again on asking about cash flow here, but a little bit of a different perspective here. Tom, in your remarks, you commented about a few programs being plused up, your munitions programs again focused on 2018. What I'd like to ask is more of a long-term trend here because for some time the Pentagon has been talking about a dire need for munitions restocking which goes right to the core of your business. And I would think that the recent op tempo, that might be getting some renewed focus. So I thought maybe you could discuss a bit more about your longer-term acquisition transfer munitions programs, beyond just AMRAAM, (54:02), Sidewinder, TLAM, et cetera. And is this plus-up more part of a longer-term trend than just a plus up in 2018? And if we factor that in with the better-than-expected numbers in the FY 2019 appropriations, does this imply possibly upside to your $7 billion to $8 billion long-term cash guide for 2019 to 2020. Or at the very least, does it cause you to lean towards the high end of the range?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So, Richard, it's a good question. So let me start with I would call the missiles or munitions tempo. And the missile has seen some significant growth here leading up to 2018. I did mention all the plus ups that are in the FY 2018 appropriations. Again, a lot of them relative to missiles, so you see the uptick there but from all the words from Secretary Mattis is that 2019 will just be a start relative to the readiness refreshment area relative to munitions. So 2019 will be the start. And now you can see we've been having significant uptick here in 2017, 2018, but he's calling 2019 as the start with the majority of the uptick occurring in 2020, so fiscal year 2020. And then obviously our cycle on weapons and munitions is normally 18 months to two years, so that's going to take us 2019, 2020, 2021, again, providing a strong base of production and that the missile company there. And then, obviously, beyond that, the goal of the military is not to fall back into the problems they had before by not keeping themselves in a readiness state. So we see the missile business as being a very strong business relative to production. Toby just talked all about all of the CRAD, new activities we're getting, the fact that we've had to hire over 1,000 folks here in the last year or so, put buildings in place. There's a ton of work going on in the missile company and we see that as being a strong company here over the next five years. And then Toby will talk a little bit more about the cash...
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Sure.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Relative to cash.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. I think  and you mentioned it, Richard, right, we gave a three-year look, 2017 through 2019. And I think you just heard Tom say in his current remarks in a little bit earlier, everything is pointing directionally good news, more spending. The timing is really what's going to dictate  the timing of those awards coming in is going to dictate how it's going to affect our top and bottom line. So I am not saying no to your question about, is there more upside? It's just too early to tell depending upon the timing as the money works its way through the system here in 2018 and then as the appropriations are done on 2019 how that will affect us. So we'll provide an update, obviously, later in the year or going into 2019, a new look out going forward.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Joyce, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, Tom and Toby. Nice quarter.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Peter.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Tom, just a quick one on just  congrats on the Small Diameter II progress you have made. Can you remind us just how to think about the production profile of that program? It seems like that's another nice growth opportunity for you.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, I mean, it is. And we just had some successful testing throughout 2017 (57:32), so we just completed the development testing and not it's running into operational testing. But we also have in addition our Small Diameter Bomb II Lot 1 production assets have been completed and they've been delivered. And our Lot 2 is on track to complete all its deliveries on schedule some time here in late  the summer of 2018. Bottom line is this is a great new capability and the one main reason is that they can do  it's not only precision munitions, but it can also attack moving targets. So it's a very unique capability. It has something called a tri-mode seeker on it  technology, but that technology, tri-mode seeker, even though it's a very sophisticated technology, it's also at a very affordable price. And we see this Small Diameter Bomb as the future in terms of munitions. Number one, the reason for the small diameter aspect of it is you can fit multiple of them inside carriage, which is a requirement for stealth on an aircraft like the F-35. And so we see this as being a very attractive munition for the future and we already have a foreign military sales into Australia for the system, obviously, compatible on day one with the F-35. So everywhere F-35 goes into international market, Small Diameter Bomb II will also go.
Kelsey Ann DeBriyn - Raytheon Co.: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter conference call in July.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - Vice President of Investor Relations Tom Kennedy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Toby O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Doug Harned - Bernstein Richard Safran - Buckingham Research Carter Copemann - Millius Research Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities Robert Stallard - Vertical Research George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Peter Arment - Baird
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Raytheon Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Joyce, and I will be the moderator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay proposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Todd Ernst: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that well reference are available on our Web site at raytheon.com. Following this mornings call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, Id like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the Companys future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Tom Kennedy: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon had another great year of performance in 2017, and our growth strategy continue to deliver results for our shareholders and customers. Sales were up 8% in the fourth quarter and 5.1% for the full year, and we set a new company record for annual sales of $25.3 billion. We continue to see strong global demand for our innovative solutions, illustrated by our book to bill ratio of 1.26 in the fourth quarter and 1.09 in the year. This drove an increase in backlog of $1.5 billion year-over-year and positions us for a strong 2018. EPS exceeded our expectations in the fourth quarter and for the full year after adjusting for the impact of tax reform and our discretionary pension contributions. We continue to drive strong cash flow and I was pleased with our better than expected cash in the quarter and full year. This allow us to make a significant discretionary contribution to the pension of $1 billion. Toby will review additional details about the fourth quarter and 2018 guidance in a few minutes. Our international business continue to be strong. 2017 marked the 14 consecutive year of international sales growth for the company with sales up 8.4% in the fourth quarter and 6.2% for the full year. In fact, Raytheon achieve record international sales of over $8 billion for the full year, which represents approximately 32% of sales. Our differentiated international strategy is working, and we are encouraged by the broad based demand we are seeing across Europe, Asia Pacific and MENA for our advance capabilities. In Europe, we are pleased to see the commitment or plans in place for NATO countries to meet their obligation to spend 2% of their GDP on defense. Also, in early November, Sweden announced that it selected our combat proven Patriot Air and missile defense system capability. Sweden is expected to sign an LOA in mid 2018, which is an approximate $1 billion opportunity. And in late November Romania signed an LOA with the U. S. government to purchase Patriot, which paves the way for the U. S. government to begin contract negotiations with Raytheon. We would expect the booking in 2018, making Romania the 14th country to depend on Patriot to protect its citizens and armed forces. And we continue to make progress with Poland and another European country on their acquisition of Patriot capabilities. We also continue to see strong Patriot demand from existing customers. After the quarter, in early January, we booked a new direct commercial contract for Patriot capabilities worth over $1.5 billion. In the Asia-Pacific, Japan is set to expand its ballistic missile defense capabilities. On December 19th, Prime Minister Abe Cabinet approved the procurement of two land based Aegis Ashore missile defense systems, and a budget is up for approval that includes funding for standard missile family, including SM2, SM3 Block 1B, SM3 Block 2A and SM6. The budget also includes funding for AMRAAM and AIM-9X missiles. Turning to the Middle East. In December, I was in the United Arab Emirates to help Raytheon mark its 30th anniversary of our partnership with the nation. At that time, we announced the formation of a new wholly-owned subsidiary, called Raytheon Emirates, which is incorporated and headquartered in Abu Dhabi. Through this agreement Raytheon is committed to helping the UAE achieve its economic goals, while providing trusted innovative solutions that support the nation's defense and security requirements. Also last year, Raytheon announced a similar agreement in Saudi Arabia where we have been doing business for over 50 years. Although, both of these subsidiaries are in the early stages, they demonstrate Raytheon's differentiated international strategy. Turning to our domestic business. We saw an acceleration in growth in 2017. Domestic sales were up 7.9% in the fourth quarter and 4.6% for the full year. And we expect our domestic growth to continue to be strong in the future as our domestic book to bill ratio in 2017 was 1.11. Our IIS segment, which has the highest percentage of domestic business, grew its backlog almost 15% in 2017. For the Company, key domestic bookings in the quarter were for AMRAAM, Tomahawk, Warfighter FOCUS, Domino and a classified program at missiles. Looking to 2018 and beyond, we see continued growth and strong demand signals in the areas of counter-insurgency, counter-terrorism, Deterrence and response to peer nation threats. While we touched on this areas on past calls, I'd like to spend a few minutes today discussing trends we are seeing in each area and the ways in which these trends continue to positively impact our growth. First, the counter-insurgency counter-terrorism area, is driving a significant demand for precision weapons in ISR assets across the globe. A good example of that demand can be seen in our missile business, which grew bookings in the fourth quarter 23% year-over-year, mainly driven by an increase in precision weapon contracts. In 2018, we expect this demand to continue across a number of our missile franchises. The second area with strong demand signals is Deterrence, where our customers are focused on deploying technologies and solutions that can deter a threat from taking action. This area continues to drive strong demand for integrated air and missile defense capabilities. We've seen Deterrence demand grow in Europe where nations are concerned about protecting their sovereignty and are looking to our Patriot Air and missile defense system to provide advanced Deterrence s capabilities. And as I mentioned, in 2017, we saw demand for Patriot from Sweden, Romania, Poland and another European country. Beyond Europe, Deterrence is also getting additional growth opportunities for our systems in Japan and the Middle-East. Lastly, countering pure nation threats with advanced technologies is a rapidly developing growth area for Raytheon, especially in our classified business. Peer nations are working to close the gap with U.S. capabilities, which is driving strong demand from our U.S. customers. Demand that resulted and a new company record for classified sales in 2017. Looking ahead, our next generation solutions and technologies, such as the Long Range Standoff, the Long-Range Precision Fires, high energy lasers and hypersonics will continue to fuel growth in this area as he U.S. looks to maintain its operational and technical dominance. Turning to Washington. Last week, Secretary of Defense, Mattis, released a national defense strategy. The strategy is subtitled, sharpening the American militaries competitive edge summarizes his intent clearly. Secretary Mattis calls for urgent change, a significant scale to content with the high end threats that are directly characterized as essential challenge to U.S. prosperity and security. Investment priorities are clearly articulated as is the need for accelerating defense exports to improve interoperability between U.S. and allie forces. Providing sophisticated capabilities to our customers is essential to the growth strategy Raytheon has been executing. Our current capabilities and investments are aligned with secretary Mattis modernization priorities and we look forward to helping the defense department execute its strategy at the speed of relevance as secretary Mattis says. For the U.S. defense budget, we continue to see strong congregational backing for missile defense, cyber and other areas where Raytheon has a leadership position. And we remain optimistic that congress will pass a fiscal year '18 budget that provides our military the resources, technology and training necessary to protect United States and support our allies. This strong growth environment creates the benefit of a strong jobs environment. And in 2017, we added over 1,000 new jobs to our payroll. These are noble jobs, rewarding, good paying jobs that allow our employees to buy homes, raise families and save for retirement, all while serving a lager purpose of helping to make the world a safer place. The demand signals we see in our key growth areas, combined with the implementation of tax reform making us more globally competitive, creates a positive environment for continued business and jobs growth, going forward. In summary, 2017 was another great year for Raytheon. For that, I want to thank all of the members of the Raytheon team worldwide. They keep raising the bar on our performance and they are passionate about engineering a safer world with the innovative solutions we provide for our customers. I couldnt ask for a better team. And let me turn the call over to Toby.
Toby O'Brien: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the fourth quarter and full year results. Then I'll discuss our outlook for 2018. After that, well open up the call for questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the Web slides that we issued earlier this morning, which are posted on our Web site. Okay, would everyone please turn to page three? We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in both the fourth quarter and the full year. We have strong bookings in the fourth quarter at $8.5 billion, resulting in a book to bill ratio of 1.26. And for the year, we had bookings of $27.7 billion, with backlog up 4%. This sets the stage for continued growth in 2018, which Ill discuss in more detail in just a few minutes. Sales were $6.8 billion in the quarter, up 8% from the same period last year. We saw growth across all of our businesses. For the year, sales were up 5.1%, reaching a new company record of $25.3 billion. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.35 for the quarter and $6.94 for the full year. I will give a little more color on EPS in a few minutes, including the impact from both tax reform and the discretionary pension contribution. We also generated strong operating cash flow of $1.6 billion for the quarter and $2.7 billion for the year, which included the $1 billion pre-tax discretionary pension contribution that was not in our prior guidance. Its worth noting that excluding this discretionary pension contribution, we exceeded our operating cash flow guidance by approximately $800 million at the midpoint and achieved a new company record for operating cash flow. Additionally, during the quarter, the Company repurchased approximately 540,000 shares of common stock for a $100 million, bringing the full year 2017 repurchase to 4.9 million shares for about $800 million. We reduced our share count in 2017 by 2%. Also, as we previously announced in November 2017, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2 billion of the Companys outstanding stock. The Company ended the year with a solid balance sheet and net debt of approximately $1.7 billion, which provides us financial flexibility for the future. Turning now to page four. Let me go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full year results. As I mentioned earlier, we had strong bookings of $8.5 billion in the quarter and $27.7 billion for the full year, resulting in the year-end backlog of $38.2 billion. This is an increase of $1.5 billion over year-end 2016 and provides us with the solid foundation for 2018. Worth noting that both Missile Systems and IIS had outstanding bookings performance for the full year 2017, up 23% and 19% respectively. For the quarter, international orders represented 40% of our total company bookings and for the full year, were 31% of total bookings. At the end of 2017, approximately 40% of our backlog was international. Turning now to page five. We had fourth quarter sales of $6.8 billion, an increase of 8% compared with 2016s fourth quarter and in line with our prior expectations. As Tom just mentioned, international sales continue to be strong, representing 32% of our total sales for both the fourth quarter and full year of 2017. So looking at the businesses, IDS had net sales of $1.6 billion in the quarter, up 6% from the same period last year, primarily due to higher net sales on an international early warning radar program. IIS had net sales of $1.6 billion in Q4. The increase was primarily driven by higher net sales on a U. S. Air Force program and classified programs. Net sales at missile systems in the fourth quarter were $2.2 billion, up 15% compared with the same period last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher net sales on AMRAAM, SM-3 and Paveway. As I said net sales of $1.7 billion in Q4, the increase was primarily driven by higher net sales on airborne radar programs. And at Forcepoint, we saw 9% growth. For the full year, total company sales were $25.3 billion, up 5.1% over full year 2016, both our international and domestic businesses contributed to the sales growth. Moving ahead to page six. We delivered solid operational performance in the quarter. And as expected. at the total company segment level, margins in the fourth quarter were impacted by the timing of productivity improvements we recognized earlier in the year and program mix. Turning to page seven. We had strong solid operating margin performance for the year. Total company segment margins were 12.4%. It's worth noting that the impact of the gain from the TRS transaction in 2016 that weve discussed in the past was worth about 70 basis points at the company level. Excluding this gain, our margins in 2017 were slightly higher year-over-year. On page eight, you'll see both the fourth quarter and full year EPS. In the fourth quarter 2017, our EPS was $1.35 and for the full year, it was $6.94. We had solid operating performance from both the quarter and full year. Both were impacted by a couple of notable items that I wanted to spend a minute talking about. First, the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 had an unfavorable $171 million or $0.59 provisional tax related impact. This related to the re-measurement of our net deferred tax assets, as well as a one-time transition tax on foreign earnings. This resulted in a 550 basis point increase to our full year 2017 tax rate. Note this is a preliminary estimate and we will finalize the number by the end of 2018. And second, as a result of the $1 billion pre-tax discretionary pension plan contribution that we made in the fourth quarter of 2017, there was an unfavorable tax related impact of $0.09 because the contribution lowered the benefit of our domestic manufacturing tax deduction. This lowered EPS and was not included in our prior guidance. Turning now to page nine. Before moving on to our 2018 guidance, it's important to note as we discussed on our third quarter call that effective January 1, 2018, we adopted a new retirement benefit standard, ASU 2017-07, which moves all components of the FAS pension and post retirement benefit expense except for FAS service cost from operating to non-operating income. The adoption of the new standard has no impact on our net sales, EPS or operating cash flow. It affects our reported operating income as you'll see in the recaps numbers. To assist you with your modeling and for comparison purposes, we provided the recast data for 2016 and 2017 and the attachments at the end of the earnings release. Now looking at our 2018 guidance on page nine. We see sales in the range of between $26.4 billion and $26.9 billion, up 4% to 6% from 2017, which is better than our initial outlook that we provided in October. The increase is driven by growth in both our domestic and international businesses. Our 2018 outlook for the defered revenue adjustment is $10 million and for the amortization of acquired intangibles, is $118 million. As for pension, we see the 2018 FAS/CAS operating adjustment at approximately $1.4 billion of income and the other pension expense, which has now reported in the non-operating, at $958 million. We expect net interest expense to be between $180 million and the $185 million in line with 2017. We see our average diluted shares outstanding to be between $287 million and $289 million on a full-year basis, driven by the continuation of our share repurchase program. We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. Our estimated tax rate in 2018 is lower than 2017, primarily due to enactment of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. In 2018, we see our EPS to be in the range of $9.55 to $9.75. Our operating cash flow from continuing operations for 2018 is expected to be between $3.6 billion and $4 billion. This compares to $2.7 billion in 2017, which as we previously mentioned, included $1 billion discretionary pension contribution. Before moving on to page 10, I would like to mention that we expect our 2018 bookings to be between $27.5 billion and $28.5 billion, driven by demand from a broad base of domestic and international customers. And we expect stronger bookings in the second half of the year similar to prior years. So if you move to page 10, here we have provided our initial 2018 guidance by business. We expect to see growth in our IDS Missile systems, SAS and Forcepoint businesses in 2018. At the midpoint of the sales range, we expect IIS sales in 2018 to be in line with 2017. As we've discussed before, this is driven by the planned ramp down on the Warfighter FOCUS program. Excluding Warfighter FOCUS , we expect IIS to grow in the low to mid-single digit range, driven by domestic cyber security and classified programs. With respect to segment margins, consistent with our prior comments, we expect 2018 margins to continue to be solid in the 12.5% to 12.7% range. This is up about 20 basis points over 2017 at the midpoint. At IDS, we see margins in the 16.4% to 16.6% range, which is also up from 2017. This change is driven by favorable program mix as we ramp on some recently awarded programs and increased productivity, driven by efficiencies from our investments and factory automation and equipment upgrades. We expect IIS margins of 7.6% to 7.8%, which is up 30 basis points over 2017 at the point. We see missiles margins in the 13.1% to 13.3% range, up versus 2017. SAS margins are expected to be in the 12.3% to 12.5% range. And as I mentioned on the October call, down year-over-year primarily due to program mix. And at Forcepoint, we expect margins in the 6% to 8% range. Its worth noting under the new retirement benefit standard, our margins at a total company level recast for 2017, are 16.7%. For 2018 at a total company level, our margins are expected to be in the 17.1% to 17.3% range. This increase is driven primarily by both the improvement at the business segment level and a higher expected FAS/CAS operating adjustment. We now turn to page 11. Weve provided you with our outlook for the first quarter of 2018. Excluding the impact of tax reform in Q4 2017, we expect the cadence for the balance of 2018 to play out similar to 2017 with sales, EPS and operating cash flow ramping up in the second half of the year. Turning to page 12. Given tax reform and to help you with your modeling, we provided you with a long-term view of how we see our cash flow outlook over the next three years. We are pleased with our strong cash flow going forward, which is better than our prior expectations. We see our cumulative operating cash flows to be approximately $11 billion to 412 billion from 2018 through 2020. And on page 13, as we have done in the past, weve provided the summary of the financial impact from pensions in 2017, as well as the projected impact for 2018 through 2020, holding all assumptions constant. For comparison purposes, weve provided you with the pension tables under both the old and new retirement benefi standards. As I mentioned earlier, we see the 2018 FAS/CAS operating adjustment at approximately $1.4 billion of income and the other pension expense in non-operating at $958 million, which reflects our investment returns in 2018 of 15% on our U. S. pension assets, the December 31st discount rate of 3.7% and a long-term return on asset assumption of 7.5%. And finally, on page 14, we have provided an updated three year outlook of the acquisition accounting adjustments to help you with your long-term modeling. Before concluding, I wanted to touch on our capital deployment strategy, especially in light of tax reform. As I just mentioned, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet that provides us the financial flexibility. We remain focused on deploying capital in ways that create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investments to support our growth, paying a sustainable and competitive dividend, reducing our share count, making targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs and making discretionary contributions to the pension. Let me conclude by saying that in 2017 Raytheon again delivered strong operating performance. Sales grew 5.1%, and our backlog was up 4%. We have a solid balance sheet, which gives us flexibility and options to continue to drive shareholder value and a strong outlook for cash. We are well positioned to grow in 2018 and beyond. Before moving on to Q&A, I'd like to welcome Kelsey DeBriyn, who recently joined the Investor Relations team as a Senior Director. As Todd transitions to his new role as Vice President of Corporate Development, please feel free to reach out to Kelsey with follow-up questions after the call. So with that, we'll open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu, please proceed.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just I guess on margins for missile systems going forward, maybe if you could elaborate on that a little bit. Given your signal pick up in our short type of business with precision weapons and strong bookings, maybe can you talk about the mix impact there?
Toby O'Brien: So we do expect to see higher productivity and operational efficiencies at missiles this year. But as you mentioned, given their portfolio and their mix, its important to keep in mind that that is a broad portfolio. We've seen considerable growth in both development and classified programs that can and are impacting the margin a bit, particularly early on so that's a bit of a headwind right now. But overall, we're very pleased with the portfolio, the mix of programs and it really supports and bodes well for the continued ability for the missiles business to grow going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Cai von Rumohr: So you've given us a lot of detail on the Tax Act impact, the P&L and those items. Could you maybe walk us through the impact on 2018 cash flow, I mean breaking out items of the repatriation, the lower tax rate any other items that are relevant. Thank you.
Toby O'Brien: So I'll start with the repatriation right. So that doesn't have any impact on our cash flow. That was cash that was already on the books. What that does do, it gives us some flexibility to bring cash back over to the U. S. to deal with some ebbs and flows of needs domestically versus internationally. I think beyond that, what I would say is within our cash outlook for 2018, weve got a little over $400 million as it relates to tax reform overall as a benefit compared to our prior expectations. We have that offset a little bit maybe about $150 million $200 million related to some tax initiatives that we got the benefit of from a cash tax point of view in 2017 that we dont see repeating in 2018. But overall, were pleased with tax reform. As Tom mentioned in this comments, it provides us the benefit to be more competitive and it does provide some additional financial flexibility for us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn: A follow-up or clarification type question on Missiles, well really revenue question Tom on SM-3 and SM-6. Wondering if you could see the air force and the navy doing combined buy there, may be a multiyear. And then the second question is just the Forcepoint margin. What's going on there?
Tom Kennedy: Yes, let me start off with missiles. We are working with the department to -- and looking at multiyears for the standard missile family, and combining SM-3 and SM-6. So there is activity looking at that. I can tell you that the demand signals for the SM-6 and SM-3 are at an all time high. So we feel very strongly about those two franchises and actually SM-3 had multiple franchises within it, both domestic and international. Moving over to Forcepoint, we said that this year at Forcepoint would be a rebuilding year. We did there do a major change and its back office and also a major change, and it's a sales force. The area here is what were trying to drive, is a move from the sneeze, small to medium size enterprises into the large enterprises and very large enterprises. And then also there was couple of acquisitions that have worked out very well for us, and putting them in the place. But we really looked at the 2017 as a rebuilding year for Forcepoint and essentially structuring it as the $600 million year revenue business that it is.
Toby O'Brien: And Rob, maybe I'll just add a little bit to Toms comments on Forcepoint. So they did fall short of our expectations in the quarter. They didnt end where we want them to be. That said, following on what Tom said, we have made the appropriate investments in the business. And what we're seeing is theyre just taken a bit longer to play out and translate into both sales growth and margin expansion, and we still believe that's attainable. The outlook, the guidance we provided for '18 reflects the outcome we saw in 2017 and again, the latter timing of the pay off of our investments. Ill reinforce on the positive side, we are seeing a growing and stronger pipeline. Tom talked about acquisitions are proving to be beneficial. And we do have solved and demonstrate the capabilities and solutions in the business. I'll also point out for '18 at Forcepoint specifically, we do expect a stronger back half of the year compared to the first half. And because of that, we would expect an operating loss at Forcepoint in the first couple of quarters similar to what we saw in Q4 with volume building into the second half along with the profitability and higher margins. Beyond 18, we still expect the business to be able to deliver double-digit growth in margins. Just real tactically on Q4 '17, the margin was just impacted by lower volume. To put in perspective, it was about $12 million of sales that moved into '18 from '17 as Tom mentioned really just longer gestation period on deals with large and very large enterprises, it was about four, five deals ranging from $1 million to $4 million that move that caused the sales and margin shortfall in Q4.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed. 
Douglas Harned: Youve been having a lot of success with Patriot lately, and Id like to understand a couple of things on it. One is, when you look at the outlook for Patriot, how do you see the outlook for the Missiles used. In other words, perhaps you could say a little bit about the SkyCeptor program. And I would add into that, when you go to 360 degree radar, what do you expect this will do in terms of affecting the market and the demand for the system?
Tom Kennedy: So let me take that, Doug. First of all, I think whats key about Patriot for folks to understand is that there is multiple countries that own and utilize the Patriot system. With the addition of Romania that will be 14 countries. And then with Poland, that will make it 15 and then with Sweden, that will make it 16. So relative for example to the 360 radar, there is a market of these 16 countries for an upgrade to their Patriot systems. So its actually provides the built-in market for the Patriot capabilities. We had seen some significant demand for our GEM-T missiles in the Middle East that this system is being used quite a bit by both the Emirates and then also by Saudi Arabia, to essentially knock down scuds that are being fired out in Yemen, so high demand signal there for GEM-Ts and then very successful in that region. I think the bottom line is that Patriot has a lot of upside potentially here over the next several years. The main area here is a concept that Deterrence that I talked about, that nations want. This capability protects their sovereignty and were seeing that big demand pulls in actually three regions in Europe, in the MENA region and also in the Asia Pacific region. So I think Patriot is going to a solid franchise here definitely for at least the next 10 years then with the refresh of the 360s radar that takes out another 20 years.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Richard Safran of Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
Richard Safran: Tom, on the subject of franchise, because I thought I would ask you about two. I was reading and I wanted to ask you about the hypersonic comments in your opening remarks. I was reading that there could be an award this year possibly in March for a hypersonic weapon. So wanted to know, youve been talking about this for some time, one pillar of your strategy. Are you being considered the prime on the program? Do you think there isnt award that could be made this year? If possible, can you talk about the size of the opportunity? And on the second part here, Harpoon replacement, so youve had Lockheed and Boeing trucked out. Weve talked about this. Are we going to get that contract signed as soon as the CRs end and we have an FY 2018 spending bill? And if you could discuss how quickly that program might ramp?
Tom Kennedy: Rich, first of all back on hypersonic. Weve been on the hypersonic path here for many years. In fact, youre right. Its in our second pillar of our four pillar strategy. We actually say that were heavily investing and working in the hypersonic area. We have already gotten multiple hypersonic contracts with the Department of Defense. So one of the larger ones is a program called Hawk, which is with DARPA and it is -- essentially its a sensory hypersonic missile and we are the prime. There are several other, I would call, pursuit activities relative to hypersonic. So we are engaged in those hypersonic missile pursuits and as a prime across the board. So we do believe that hypersonics is the next wave of technology related to advanced missile systems, and that's our significant opportunities out there and we've positioned ourselves year over multiple years to be ready to go capture those opportunities. And we felt very positive about that. On your other question relative to naval strike missile, you're absolutely correct. We are heavily engaged in that pursuit. There is press out there that does say that both Boeing and Lockheed have dropped out. We are pursuing this in a competitive way despite that. And you also are right it does take the CR to be removed for us to be awarded the contract here. Number one reason is the fact that they can't award a new start under a CR. So we're very, Id say, motivated to see the CR finally resolved here in the February time frame.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Carter Copemann with Millius Research. Please proceed.
Carter Copemann: Tom, a couple for you, one on the Forcepoint commentary, and the performance relative to your expectations. I mean there's clearly a trust element in the plan and the performance improvement you expect there, but there's also a decision at some point in the future about whether or not you want to keep that asset or not. Is there a period of time that you're considering or you think we should consider is reasonable to expect that performance improvement to show up that we should wait and see or not. And then secondly on the commentary Toby you made around tax reform, and wanting to be balanced. Is there any -- and clearly there's an incentive. But is there any opportunity for internal investment that you can identify or even just areas of investment that you guys might want to put incremental capital to work, especially given the share repurchases for you and a lot of the other peers in the space have come off a little bit from where they were. Help us think through if there's really anything material there. Thanks guys.
Tom Kennedy: So let me take the Forcepoint first. And the bottom line is that the team is focused on executing its growth strategies. And Forcepoint is all about growth. One of the other elements we haven't talked about is how Forcepoint fits into our overall cyber strategy at the company level, and the synergies that we get, especially in international market and working with other governments in terms of being able to leverage the technologies out of Forcepoint, which has helped us essentially grow our entire cyber security capability within the company. We are, again, this year was a rebuilding year. We're going to be, I would call it, next year is a transient year coming off the rebuilding year and into what we consider to be a year to be able to drive and meet our expectations moving forward. So I think this year 2017 was the rebuild year, 2018 is a transient year, ramping up into where we expecting to be with the double digit growth and also double digit margins in 2019. That's essentially how we are looking at it. And in meantime, we are leveraging Forcepoint in all of our international pursuits relative to cyber security with industrial partners and then also with governments around the world.
Toby O'Brien: And then Carter, I'll maybe go little bit broader and try to answer your question on the -- around capital deployment. So I won't repeat what I said in the script about how we're thinking of it from a high level point of view. But I will reinforce that we continue to target 80% of our free cash been return to shareholders. And sitting here today, we still see that is the case in that 80% range plus or minus. But one thing that we have done, you mentioned capital investments in ourselves to continue to grow. So last year our CapEx and software spending was $611 million. In 2018, we expect it to be in the range of $910 million to $950 million, so more than a 50% increase. And what we're doing there, where we're making those increases, we're looking to invest in infrastructure or high technology production facilities demonstration capabilities, more factory automation. The combination of which helps position us better to grow and drive productivity improvements. IR&D as well, were looking at about 3% of IRAD at sales here in '18, and given or take, would expect that to continue ongoing forward. I would say that the tick-up in capital, think of that as kind of a one-time step-up. And going forward in '19 and beyond, the way to think of thing is more give or take 3% of revenue. And then last thing that I would mention, obviously, we made the $1 billion discretionary contribution to the plan in '17. And given tax reform, we continue to evaluate potentially making an additional contribution before September 15th and will provide more details on that later in the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please proceed.
Pete Skibitski: I was just hoping to get a little more clarity on Patriot, on a couple of items. The recent greater than $1.5 billion Patriot sale. Was that a new customer with just modernization program or brand new fire units? And I was wondering if you could maybe at least give the regional location of the customer. And then separate from that, Tom, it sounds like there is maybe an additional customer in Europe that's new beyond Poland or maybe in Sweden. I was wondering if you could maybe give us sense of the size and timing there.
Tom Kennedy: So the bottom line is on this $1.5 billion Patriot order we received in the first week of January of this year that was an existing customers acquiring more fire units. And so we are seeing, again this is the across Europe and across MENA region and across Asia Pacific region, its a significant demand for the capability of the Patriot system from new customers, as we mentioned and then also from existing, who already have fire units. And so the bottom line is the system is performing and these nations are recognizing that. And there is a demand signal and demand signal is based on these the concern of these countries in protecting their sovereignty. And this fits into the bucket of Deterrence that I talked about. In terms of the next country, in Europe, I'm afraid I can't disclose it, except to say that it's in Europe.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo Securities.
SamPearlstein : I guess, just a couple of questions if I can put them all together. But missile systems, I know youve talked productivity improvements and things of that where it came earlier in the year. But just overall, the year ended below what you originally planned. So I guess, I was wondering if you could just talk about what might have come in, whether thats the mix, whether its performance, anything of that sort. And then separately, what changed from October when you talked about 3% to 5% growth, its now 4% to 6%. What got better?
Toby O'Brien: Relative to missiles and the end to the year, the lower margin is really primarily due to two things; little lower program improvements than we were expecting; and a change in program mix as well. So it was combination of those two things. We dont look at the lower productivities as any trend or anything, just the timing related to the recognition of the improvements. And as we talked about, we see their margins improving in 2018. As far as the overall top line growth going up to the 4% to 6%, really two things. As we talked about, its our normal process. We work it up through the end of the year. But we also exceeded our expectations in 2017 on the high end relative to bookings, and combine that with were off to a quick start with the $1.5 billion Patriot order that Tom just talked about. They were really the two big drivers that led to the increase.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard: I am looking at slide 12 in the pack, Tony or Tom. If you achieve the top end of your operating cash guidance for 2018, this would imply that youre not going to have any cash flow growth in 2019 and 2020. I was wondering if you could maybe explain that situation given the strength of the bookings and the revenue outlook. And whether there is any weirdness in terms of cash consumption or advances or things like that? Thank you.
Toby O'Brien: So there is obviously a bunch of things that affect cash flow, including the revenue growth and the flow through on the profitability. But keep in mind, including what drove some of the strong performance in 2017 compared to our expectations we do from time-to-time get some significant advances. We were favorably impacted in 17. So you have the program activity that plays into it. But the other thing I would mention, taking a look, especially 2018 versus 2019 that in 2018, the 2018 cash is the tax benefit of the 2017 discretionary contribution that we made, that weve talked about. And if you were to exclude that benefit in 18, wed expect 2019 cash to be more in line to maybe slightly up with 18. So thats a big driver along with some of the timing of the program activity.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gregory Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George Shapiro: Ive been called a lot of things, but Gregory is not one of them.
Tom Kennedy: We certainly missed your name, sorry about that.
George Shapiro: One, Toby my usual one, but looking at it for the year, the bookings were 2.37 above the sales and the backlog is up $1.5 billion, so a sizable disconnect there you might spell out what caused the difference. And then the second one, Tom, this kind of just gets to another question on Forcepoint. But the reality is this business is disappointed from when you initially got it. So my question is at what point do you really worry that your strategy is not working out the way you think and then what actions do you take.
Toby O'Brien: George, I'll address the first one. And as we talk about in the past, we do have backlog adjustments, particularly as we under run cost side programs. And we did see a couple hundred million in Q4 and around $900 million for the year. I will say we do work with our customers in these cases to bring in new work, new scope, when we do under-run on current programs, which obviously result potentially in new bookings. And as you saw throughout the year, we did increase our guidance every quarter. So overall, we're pleased with our bookings performance and the resulting backlog. Again, our backlog grew 4% year-over-year and 2018 bookings outlook for the year of $27.5 billion to $28.5 billion set the stage real well for continued sales growth.
Tom Kennedy: George, let me hit your Forcepoint question. So back to what the goal, the goal was in establishing a commercial cyber security business as part of Raytheon. And the main reason for that was to unlock the value of our cyber security capabilities and provide them to the commercial marketplace. So we have done that. We have created several commercial products. They are being integrated into the Forcepoint set of product solutions and we are getting some significant demand for those products. Those demands for those products are in the large enterprise and very large enterprise area. And that is why we are restructuring the sales force of Forcepoint from the SME sales force, which had heavy reliance on VARs, value added resellers, to more of an internal sales force and structure. So I think we are on plan. Relative to where we want to go in the big scheme of things, I agree with you. We're disappointed. We're not getting there as fast, but we are seeing the signs that show that the strategy can work, will work. One point I would like to make and we havent really made that a lot about Forcepoint is the synergy for Forcepoint with the rest of our cyber security pursuits. We had a significant book-to-bill ratio in the cyber security area this past year 1.4 book-to-bill. And one of the main reasons for this is the customers are recognizing that we have the entire, from the beginning all the way to the end relative to cyber, essentially we cover and this is one of our themes that we cover all sides of cyber, all sides of cyber security, all the way from supporting governments, all the way from supporting industrials, and now even into the commercial marketplace. And this gives us significant credentials. When I go, for example, to the Middle East and I meet with the heads of state there, one of the questions they have about cyber is; how do we have all these capabilities; how do we have the ability to support governments; how do we have the ability to support the industry verticals. And the reason is because we have all these, these capabilities within the company, including commercial capability. So it does help us in our overall sales force of cyber all around. You are right. It's going slower than we expected. There're some things that we learned along the way. And one of the big areas is that lot of the products that we can leverage into Forcepoint are really fit in the domain of the large enterprises, and the top 500 companies in the world. And that's the companies that we're focusing on, but we do need to build the sales force to be able to continue to grow our capability with them.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Tom, just a bigger picture question on missile systems, I mean it continues to be a great story with all the growth. I mean, when you look at all the franchises there, I mean how are we viewing in terms of the long-term growth? I mean, you look at a lot of these franchises. Do you expect it to level off that when we've had this big step up the last few years, or just maybe give us some color on that? Thanks.
Tom Kennedy: Were very excited about the missile company and its future. And you are right, we do have quite a bit of franchises. So I think one of the things that we've done is we haven't just let those franchises stay idle, we've continued to make significant investments in those franchises over the year. So they are relevant, relevant relative to the mission, relevant relative to the technology that is incorporated in those franchises. But we are not just standing still on those franchises. We're pursuing next generation systems. And also, next generation systems that may actually make some of those franchises -- put those franchises out of business, likes for example in the area of hypersonics. We won some significant programs in hypersonics. We're seeing an uptick and demand signals for hypersonics, back in line with our area of calling the been able to address peer threats, also we saw that in the new and national defense strategy out of secretary Mattis relative to addressing those threats. And so were going to see increased demand in the area of hypersonics. So whole new growth area for the missile company that wasnt there before. In addition to the existing franchise demands, we just talked a little bit about and was brought up on the on one of the questions relative to navel strike missile. This is a program that replaces the Harpoon system. The last run of Harpoon was called the Harpoon 2. It was over 7,000 harpoons built, and it's a global weapon. So that has international lag, so this will be a brand new franchise out of the gate potential $8 billion opportunity over 10 year period, and it has international legs. So a brand new one entering and it's -- and the way we've developed this system in partnership with Kongsberg. This system is not going to go through a 10 year development cycle, it already exists and it's ready to enter production almost immediately upon award of the contract. So lot of great news for the missile company and were very excited about it. The demand signals are there. We happen to have the technologies. We made the right investments at the right place. And always see as upside potential moving forward.
Todd Ernst : Okay, well have to leave it there. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter conference call in April. Joyce?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co. Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co. Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.
Analysts: Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company, LLC Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Katina, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay proposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Katina. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon once again delivered strong operating performance in the third quarter. Our revenue increased by 4.5%, driven equally by both domestic and international growth. We also achieved solid operating margins. Earnings per share was well ahead of our prior guidance for the quarter, allowing us to increase our EPS guidance for the year. We continue to see strong global demand for our advanced solutions. Book-to-bill in the third quarter was 1.11. This drove an increase in backlog of nearly $1 billion year-over-year. Given this and opportunities we see in the fourth quarter, we are again increasing our bookings outlook for the year by another $500 million. It's worth noting that since the beginning of this year, we have increased our bookings outlook by a total of $1.5 billion over our original expectation and now expect the full year book-to-bill ratio of 1.07. So as you can see, our growth strategy remains on track, which positions us well as we head into 2018. Toby will discuss additional details about our third quarter performance, updates to guidance, as well as our initial 2018 outlook in a few minutes. Over the past couple of months, I've met face to face with many of our global customers including just this past Tuesday when I attended the Future Investment Initiative conference in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. The conference was a unique opportunity for global business and Saudi leaders to discuss industry and company investment opportunities in the Kingdom. My takeaway from that dialogue and others I've had around the globe over the past several months is that Raytheon's broad portfolio of capabilities remains well aligned with these customers' rapidly evolving requirements. One area where we are seeing strong demand is within our Integrated Air and Missile Defense portfolio both domestically and internationally. We have a wide range of solutions to address threats ranging from short-range rockets, all the way to intercontinental ballistic missiles. Raytheon has developed some of the strongest domain expertise derived from decades of experience designing and building interceptors, radars and command and control networks. There are several notable third quarter achievements in this area that I'd like to point out. We received a booking of $492 million for the development of the Redesigned Kill Vehicle also known as the RKV. RKV is the next-generation kill vehicle for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense System. As you may know, GMD is the United States' anti-ballistic missile system for intercepting incoming warheads in space during the midcourse phase of flight. It is a major component of our country's defense strategy to counter intercontinental ballistic missile threats. In addition, in August, the Air and Missile Defense Radar we're developing for the U.S. Navy successfully searched for, acquired and tracked a ballistic missile target. Also known as AMDR, this was the radar's second test against a live target and featured a more complex, threat-representative ballistic missile target than prior engagements. And in September, during a third AMDR test, the radar successfully tracked multiple simultaneous missile targets. We're very pleased with the performance of this new radar against increasingly complex threat scenarios. Also in August, a Standard Missile-6 successfully intercepted a medium range ballistic missile at sea in its terminal phase. This shows that the SM-6 is a highly versatile missile that can perform missions from anti-air to anti-surface warfare and now even more advanced sea-based ballistic missile defense. And after the quarter, in early October, Raytheon interceptors downed four missiles in a NATO test exercise over European waters that showcased our multiple innovative solutions to protect against ever-advancing threats. Our Standard Missile-2 and the evolved SeaSparrow missile successfully knocked down anti-ship cruise missiles, while our Standard Missile-3 IB successfully intercepted a medium-range ballistic missile target, an important milestone that paves the way for full-rate production. We also continue to see very strong demand for Integrated Air and Missile Defense solutions in the international market. For example, earlier this month, Congress was notified of a $15 billion sale of seven THAAD fire units and related equipment to Saudi Arabia. Critical to the THAAD system capability is a long-range TPY-2 radar which Raytheon produces. With each fire unit having one TPY-2 radar, we believe the opportunity for us is in the $3 billion to $4 billion range. While the timing of international awards is always difficult to predict, we currently expect an award for this opportunity in the late 2018 or 2019 timeframe. In addition, Japan has indicated that it is pursuing missile defense solutions to protect its homeland, creating opportunities for us with our AMDR, SM-3 Block IIA missiles and SM-6 missiles. I would add that we co-produce SM-3 Block IIA missiles with Japan. Beyond this, we continue to make progress on several large Patriot opportunities in Europe and we see additional demand signal for early warning sensing and missile defense offerings in the Middle East. Let me point out several other areas where we're seeing strong demand. In the third quarter, we had significant bookings for TOW, Excalibur, training as well as strong classified bookings in Missiles, SAS and IIS. We also received an award for the Long-Range Standoff Missile that leverages Raytheon's domain expertise in this area. In ISR, we were selected by DigitalGlobe as the provider of the next-generation imaging payload for its WorldView Legion satellite constellation. Raytheon's new payload extends our expertise in defense imaging solutions into the commercial markets. And in a big milestone for our cybersecurity business, after the close of the third quarter, the Government Accountability Office dismissed the DOMino protest on all grounds and IIS is now actively working with the Department of Homeland Security on cybersecuring the .gov domain. DOMino is over $1 billion IDIQ contract that is vital to U.S. national and economic security. It's one of the largest single cybersecurity contracts ever awarded. As I look to the future, I'm excited about the strong customer interest we're generating in some of our newest technologies, some of them which were on display at AUSA earlier this month. One example is our new SkyHunter system, a collaboration between Raytheon and Israel's Rafael Advanced Defense Systems. This system is designed to help protect U.S. forces and their allies from short-range threats including short-range rockets. SkyHunter is based on a combat-proven Iron Dome system, which has more than 1,500 intercepts to date. The SkyHunter variant recently completed successful testing at White Sands and is available for procurement and rapid deployment. Another product that was well received at AUSA was our vehicle-mounted High-Energy Laser, which can knock drones out of the sky, an increasingly important capability in theater. We have already begun field tests of this advanced capability and we will be demonstrating it in an upcoming U.S. Army event in December. Before concluding, I would like to take a moment to briefly touch on the U.S. defense budget in the current environment in Washington. As most of you know, we are again operating under a continuing resolution through early December as we had anticipated when we last gave guidance in July. We are cautiously optimistic that a final defense appropriations bill will be completed by the end of December or shortly thereafter. We continue to see strong support for the fiscal year 2018 defense spending in congressional committee markups. Lastly, during the third quarter, Raytheon celebrated its 95th anniversary. And while our products and systems may have changed over the decades, what has remained the same is our focus on providing innovative technologies and solutions for the success of our customers, company and shareholders. Thank you to the generations of Raytheon teammates, past and present, who have made it all possible. Now let me turn the call over to Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the third quarter highlights. And then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would please turn to page 3. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in the third quarter, with bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow all at or better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the third quarter of $7 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.11. Sales were $6.3 billion in the quarter, up 4.5% with growth across all of our businesses. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.97, which I'll give a little more color on in a few minutes. We generated solid operating cash flow of $382 million in the third quarter. Operating cash flow was lower than last year's third quarter, as expected, primarily due to higher required pension contributions in the third quarter 2017. This was partially offset by the timing of collections. During the quarter, the company repurchased 1.1 million shares of common stock for $200 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 4.4 million shares for $700 million. I also want to point out, based on our strong performance to date, that we're raising our full-year 2017 outlook for bookings and EPS that we provided in July. We are also updating the expected sales growth range from 4% to 6% to 5% to 6%, as well as making other updates. I'll discuss guidance further in just a few minutes. Turning now to page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our third quarter results. Company bookings continue to be strong. For the third quarter, bookings were $7 billion, and on a year-to-date basis, were $19.2 billion. It's worth noting that on a trailing four-quarter basis, our book-to-bill ratio was 1.08. Total backlog at the end of the third quarter was $36.7 billion, an increase of approximately $950 million compared to the end of the third quarter 2016. If you'd now move to page 5, third quarter 2017 sales were in line with the guidance we set in July. Our international sales were approximately 32% of total sales. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had third quarter 2017 net sales of $1.4 billion, up 4% compared with the same quarter last year. The increase in net sales for the quarter was driven primarily by higher net sales on an International Early Warning Radar Program. Missile Systems had third quarter 2017 net sales of $1.9 billion. The 10% increase from the third quarter 2016 was primarily due to the Paveway and Excalibur programs. And at IIS, SAS and Forcepoint, sales were up slightly compared with the same period last year. Moving ahead to page 6. Overall, the company continues to perform well. Our operating margin was 13.7% for the total company and 13% on a business segment basis. So looking now at the business margins. IDS third quarter 2017 operating margin was strong at 16.6%, an increase of 80 basis points year-over-year. The increase was driven by improved program performance. The decrease in operating margin at IIS in the third quarter compared with the same period last year, as expected, was primarily driven by a change in program mix and other performance. Missiles margin was up 110 basis points in the quarter compared with the same period last year, primarily driven by higher net program efficiencies. This increase was driven by favorable adjustments on a couple of international contracts due to a change in requirements, partially offset by an unfavorable contract modification. SAS operating margin was in line with last year's third quarter. And at Forcepoint, the third quarter 2017 operating margin, as expected, was lower than last year's comparable quarter primarily due to investments to expand the sales force capacity, increase the new business pipeline and improve brand awareness. Additionally, I want to point out that our third quarter operating income was unfavorably impacted by $26 million for the annual actuarial update to our pension plans. I'll touch on this more in a minute. Turning now to page 7. Third quarter 2017 EPS was $1.97, better than expected, primarily driven by strong margin performance as we accelerated some program efficiencies that were previously expected later in the year. On page 8, as I mentioned earlier, we are updating the company's financial outlook for 2017 to reflect our improved operating performance to date and our expectations for the fourth quarter. We have increased the low end of our full year 2017 net sales by $200 million and we now expect net sales to be between $25.3 billion and $25.6 billion, up 5% to 6% from 2016. The increase over 2016 is driven by growth in both our domestic and international business. As I just mentioned, and as we have done in prior years, during the third quarter, we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of this update, the FAS/CAS adjustment for the year decreased by $39 million from $428 million to $389 million or an unfavorable impact of approximately $0.09 per share. Again, $26 million or $0.06 per share was recorded in the third quarter 2017 and $13 million or $0.03 per share is expected to be recorded in the fourth quarter 2017. Turning to share count. We continue to see our average diluted shares outstanding at approximately 292 million shares for 2017, a 2% year-over-year reduction, consistent with what we said in July. We are reducing the range of our net interest expense to be between $185 million and $190 million to reflect higher average cash balances and interest rates on cash. This is worth about $0.02 to EPS compared to our prior guidance. We have slightly lowered our effective tax rate to reflect an update to the assumed tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation and for some additional tax planning items within the second half of the year. The total benefit is worth about $0.05 per share for the full year. We now expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30% for the year. We've increased our full year 2017 EPS, raising the low end by $0.10 and the high end by $0.05 from our prior guidance, after absorbing the $0.09 per share unfavorable pension impact I just discussed. We now expect our EPS to be in the range of $7.45 to $7.55. The increase is primarily driven by our improved performance to-date as well as the improvement to the effective tax rate and lower net interest expense. Our operating cash flow in the third quarter was in line with our prior expectations. We continue to see our 2017 operating cash flow outlook between $2.8 billion and $3.1 billion. Similar to last year, and as I mentioned on the last earnings call, our cash flow profile is more heavily weighted toward the fourth quarter due to the timing of program milestones and collections on some of our larger contracts. And as you can see on page 9, we've included guidance by business. We've increased the low end of the guidance range for the full year sales outlook at IDS, IIS, Missiles and SAS to reflect a combination of stronger bookings performance to-date and fourth quarter expectations. Looking at margins, at the business segment level compared to our prior guidance, we have raised the low end of the range by 10 basis points and now see business segment operating margin in a range of 12.5% to 12.6% for the full year. And at the company level, as a result of the actuarial update to the pension plans that I previously discussed, we have narrowed the margin range from our prior guidance and now see our company operating margin to be in a range of 13.2% to 13.3% for the full year. Before moving on to page 10. As Tom mentioned earlier, given our year-to-date bookings strength and our expectation for a solid fourth quarter, we are now raising our full-year 2017 bookings outlook to a range of between $26.5 billion to $27.5 billion. This $500 million increase to the prior range is driven by strong demand from our global customers and positions us well for 2018. We expect international to be about a third of total bookings this year. On page 10, we have provided guidance on how we currently see the fourth quarter for sales, earnings per share and operating cash flow from continuing operations. We expect our fourth quarter sales to be in a range of $6.7 billion to $7 billion and EPS from continuing operations is expected to be in a range of $1.86 to $1.96. We expect operating cash flow to be in a range of $1.7 billion to $2 billion. Now turning to next year, as we have done in the past, we intend to provide detailed 2018 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. As we sit here today, we currently see the book-to-bill ratio in 2018 above 1 and strong sales growth for 2018 of 3% to 5% over the midpoint of our 2017 outlook. We expect business segment margin to be up slightly in 2018 compared to 2017, driven primarily by improved program mix. We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 31% in 2018. I would note that this tax rate guidance reflects current law. In addition, we expect solid operating cash flow in 2018, in line with 2017 as improvement from the businesses is offset by higher cash taxes, and as expected, higher required pension contributions. Of course, I want to caveat all this by saying our assumptions are based on a defense budget being approved in Washington before year end, thereby avoiding an extended CR or a government shutdown. So, if you could please move to page 11. We have provided a combined FAS/CAS adjustment matrix for 2018. As we sit here today, the discount rate is approximately 30 basis points to 40 basis points lower than it was at the end of 2016 and would be roughly 4%. And our return on assets through October 25 is a little above 11%. And just to be clear, the final discount rate and the actual asset returns won't be known until we close out 2017. Before moving on, I want to point out that consistent with our public filings, we plan to adopt the new retirement benefits standard in the first quarter of 2018, which moves the presentation of certain components of FAS, pension and postretirement benefit expense from operating to non-operating income. We expect the standard to increase operating income due to the removal of all components of SAS expense other than service costs. Likewise, we expect non-operating income to decrease by the same amount with no impact to net income. As a result, our FAS/CAS adjustment will be split into FAS/CAS operating income and FAS/CAS non-operating expense. We'll provide a more detailed pension outlook on our year-end call in January. Before concluding, as we have discussed on past earnings calls, with regard to our capital deployment strategy, we continue to expect to generate strong free cash flow for the year and are targeting returning approximately 80% of free cash flow to shareholders, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. In summary, we had another strong quarter. Our bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow were at or above our expectations. We remain well positioned with both our domestic and international customers' priority areas. We increased our full-year 2017 outlook for bookings and EPS, updated the sales growth range to 5% to 6% and have a solid foundation for continued growth in 2018. With that, Tom and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Jason Gursky representing Citi. Please proceed.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Jason.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, Tom, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the backlog  or the bookings outlook, I should say, for 2018. Maybe you talk a little bit about the major pursuits that you have there and maybe the international domestic mix that you expect. And then finally, in the context of other bookings pursuits, talk a little bit about the contract vehicles that you've been experiencing in weight (26:37) and kind of what you expect going forward and whether there are any significant changes that you're seeing being used by any of your customers that might inform us about the risk profile or the margins on a go-forward basis? Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: That's a great question. It's going to take a little while to answer all of it. But let me start off on 2018. I mean it's all a good new story here. In 2018, we do expect a solid bookings year. We do believe it will be a book-to-bill above 1, looking into the overall year. Right now, we are seeing roughly 40 opportunities, 40 opportunities that are greater than $100 million. About one-third of our total bookings are expected to come from our international customers and I'm going to tie that back into your question about contract vehicles later as it is important. For IDS, we see around two-thirds of their bookings being international, that's made up of Patriot-related bookings in Europe and the Middle East, plus other Integrated Air and Missile Defense opportunities. The balance of the international is comprised of other spares, upgrades, sustainment and training contracts. And we also expect IDS to have solid domestic bookings on various naval systems, missile defense and Patriot programs. IDS has a good mix on classified, Intel, cyber training, missions support. The domestic bookings for IAS will make up about 85% of their bookings; at least that's our plan to date. And Missiles, we see a solid mix of both international and domestic awards and that's going to be throughout the year and it's across their entire portfolio. Every one of their franchises has significant demand signals in 2018. On the domestic side, we see over about $1.5 billion on SM-3, AMRAAM and also the SM-6. In addition, there is significant opportunities for AIM-9X, Tomahawk and Phalanx. Now about one third of their bookings will be coming from international customers, including $1 billion on Paveway in addition to other opportunities for AMRAAM, Stinger, TOW and Phalanx. And then for SAS, we see about $3 billion related to electronic warfare and ISR, along with opportunities in classified space and tactical airborne systems and their total international should be about one-fifth of their business. Now I'm going to answer your question relative to contract vehicles. So on our domestic work, a majority of the contract vehicles are either cost plus, either fixed fee or incentive fee and that's usually associated with development programs. Transitioning into production, the LRIPs, we see a majority of those contracts going into fixed-price incentive-fee and then into full rate production, either fixed price incentive fee or firm-fixed-price. On the international side, we have our set of FMS contracts and about half of our international business is on the, I would call it, the FMS-type contract vehicles. And those FMS contract vehicles, they range very similar to domestic. There are some cost-plus contracts. There are fixed price incentive fee contracts and also firm-fixed-price. And I would say it's a mix of those three types of contract vehicles. But we also have half of our international business is direct commercial sale. So it's a true commercial contract and that's where we do see our highest margins in the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr representing Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company, LLC: Yes. Thank you very much. So your full-year guidance for Forcepoint assumes  looks like it assumes the profits are down in the fourth quarter. Maybe give us some color overall in terms of how is Forcepoint doing, why is the fourth quarter down and what does all of this imply for 2018. Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Hi Cai, it's Toby. I'll start and then Tom can jump in here if he wants to add some color to it. I'll maybe start with 2018 and work my way back here a little bit. But for 2018, we're early in our process. But I'll tell you for Forcepoint, we are looking at about a 10% plus or minus top-line growth and double-digit margins. Okay. So that's kind of how we're thinking of things going forward. In the quarter, the sales at Forcepoint were up about 2%. If you adjust for their legacy filtering business that we've talked about in the past has been dwindling, it was about a 5% increase in the quarter. We're seeing good growth around network security and also for data and in cyber threat security. We've also seen a little bit of a challenge from timing, both in the Global Governments business here in the third quarter, and as we've talked about, as we've tried to move further up the food chain on the commercial side, selling into large and very large enterprises, that sales cycle time has become a little bit longer and a little bit harder to predict. And that's what you're seeing here, both in Q3 and the outlook for the year. I will say that in the third quarter, the margin was within our expectations. The team did a good job driving the margin in the quarter. And as I said in my opening remarks, a year-over-year decrease was expected because, taking it back to the beginning of the year, we talked about a $25 million investment in the business, a lot of that focused in the areas of sales and marketing. And therefore, what you see in the fourth quarter is the continuation of that investment, okay, which is, you're right, is driving the margins down on a sequential basis. But again, that all said, we feel everything that we've done this year between the investments, a couple bolt-on acquisitions, is positioning the business for that 10% plus or minus top-line growth, and double-digit margin in 2018.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned representing Bernstein. Please proceed.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Doug.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Doug.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I wanted to get a sense from you on really how governments right now are looking at missile defense opportunities. Because this has clearly been a good growth area for you. But in the past, particularly in the Middle East, you've seen decision making take a long time. These can get deployed over a very long period of time. Can you talk about what's becoming typical given how serious many of the threats are around the world, how the governments are thinking about the scale of system they want to use and the urgency of deployment? Because I'm thinking when are we going to see these situations translate into revenues on an earlier basis perhaps than we've seen in the past?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Doug. Let me take that since I just came back from my wild  total world tour here. Let me start off in Europe. We're seeing, especially relative to Eastern Europe, significant concerns relative to their sovereignty and the security of their citizens. A large portion of their needs is, I would say, is in the Integrated Air and Missile Defense area and relative to Raytheon, a big strong demand for Patriot. We're also seeing in Europe and we just had a major test with NATO, I mentioned that in my remarks, a strong demand for our Standard Missile vehicles and also the ESSM missile. Again these are systems that shoot down other missiles and other unmanned systems and even aircraft if they do try to invade a country. So that's in Europe. Right now, we see several countries, two big countries out there that we mentioned; one is Romania and the other one is Poland that are pushing forward working through the FMS process with the U.S. government to procure the system. I can tell you they're putting pressure on us to deliver as fast as we can possibly deliver. And so we're really working that in our factory to accelerate delivery of the systems for Romania and also Poland. Switching over to the MENA region, Middle East North Africa, again a significant demand for a lot of our products, our Paveways, our TOW systems, on the Integrated Air and Missile Defense, it's Patriot, and big demand for additional fire units from countries and upgrades of their existing systems and then also our GEM-T missiles. It turns out that since about 2015, there has been over 220 tactical ballistic missiles fired in the region. The ones that were headed towards areas where there are civilians was over 150 and those 150 were all shot down by Patriot systems. So the system is working very well in that region, which is causing additional demand. But the threat's also increasing, which is even driving the demand signal even higher in that region. So the question is not about buying, the question that we get is how fast you can deliver. So that's a different story and so maybe that's answering your question on why it's taking long. And then I just also came back from the Asia-Pacific region. I'm sure you've read about the landslide victory that Abe had recently. And again, he went, he called that election, that snap election because he was looking for support in making a modification to their constitution to allow them to take their defense group from a homeland, purely homeland defense and a passive defense into an active defense type of forces. And in that case, they're looking for additional capabilities, obviously Patriot standard missiles. We do co-produce the Standard Missile-3 Block IIA with Japan. They're also looking for Standard Missile-6. And also, they want our Air and Missile Defense Radar, the SPY-6 as part of an Aegis Ashore type system there. And other countries in the Asia-Pacific region are also looking for our capabilities. So that's the international market and again, half of that's direct commercial sale and the other half is FMS.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Safran representing Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Tom, Toby and Todd, how are you?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rich.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: How are you doing?
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: How are you doing?
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Tom, Toby, so you were pretty clear in your remarks about what's it (38:12) about 2018 and I also know you take  sometimes take a, maybe a conservative outlook here. I was wondering if your outlook for 2018 was based on the President's request or some meshing of the bills making into way (38:28) through the House and Senate. Now, the reason why I ask is that both congressional bills appear to be above the President's request. So I'm just wondering, if based on the outlook and on the President's request, could be some upside here to your guide if we end up with a bill closer to what's in the House or the Senate, do you think that Raytheon fares better in the House or Senate version? And just separately, if you could comment on international, if that's  if you say it's one-third of bookings this year, how you think that might trend next year? Thanks.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Rich, it's Toby and Tom can jump in here. But as far as the initial outlook for 2018, think of it more towards the President's request and keep in mind to the degree that we may have any upside from that, given that it would be the instant year, it's more likely to be a favorable impact on the bookings where we said we'd have a book-to-bill ratio of greater of 1. The sales profit impact from that would really, if we do see something higher than the President's request, would really materialize more in 2019 and beyond.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, and let me just jump on that. So if you, relative to the modernization budget, if you add in both the base budget and OCO, the President's request was about $35.5 billion over the BCA limits. And then if you go into the HASC, the SASC and HAC-D, they're all actually pretty close to what they're shooting for. They're anywhere for $24 billion to $25 billion over the President's request. As Toby said, we're really looking more at the President's request in terms of our outlook for 2018. I can tell you that I have spent quite a bit of time on the Hill talking, on a bipartisan basis talking to two members. And there is a strong support for defense moving forward because, I'm hopeful you recognize, the world's become a much more dangerous place here in the last several years. And there are some capabilities that the U.S. needs to bring onboard here pretty quick in terms of advanced technologies. And so there's a strong support in Congress for an increased budget over and above the BCA limits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard representing Vertical Research. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks so much, good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rob.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Tom, I thought I'd just follow up on your comments about the demand environment and the news that's come out of Turkey that they are moving forward with a Russian air defense system. Do you think these will actually come to pass, and if it does, does it create more competitive pressure around the world?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, I would say the following: I'd say, this is the second round for Turkey, you remember, they initially selected a Chinese system a while back. So we'll see how that plays out. Turkey is not in our forecast for 2018 or 2019 or 2020. So we really  haven't really pursued Turkey relative to this offering and they knew (41:40) they've been  they have  I don't believe they've really settled down in terms of what they really want. But you're right. Right now, they are saying they're going to go forward with an S-400 sale with Russia, that has significant issues relative to NATO. They will not be able to interconnect that system in with any NATO system. There was an article out today of NATO very, very concerned about the sale itself. When we compete internationally, we do compete against countries and  because most of the companies we compete against are owned by other countries. So there is always a geopolitical aspect of some of these, I would call it, competitions. I think right now, we think we're in a very good position. We have really some firm orders that are lining up for 2018 and a significant amount of opportunities. And I've been in each of the major regions, Europe, MENA region and Asia-Pacific and I've looked the leaders of those countries we do business with in the eye and have had firm handshakes and contracts following. So I feel very positive about our outlook for 2018 and beyond relative to our international business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro representing Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Good morning. Quickly, Toby, my typical question, $165 million lower backlog on a sequential basis than bookings. But my real question is, your fourth quarter guidance for sales assumes 7% sales growth at the low end and 12% at the high end, a significant uptick from what we've been seeing. And a lot of it looks like it comes from the fact that Missiles, you've got to step up in growth to either between 16% and 21% in the quarter. So if you could just expand a little bit what the growth  where the growth comes from.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Sure, George. No problem. And yes, we had about $165 million of adjustments. One thing on that I'll just remind everybody that the majority of those adjustments are when we have under-runs on cost-type programs and we do continually work with our customers to convert those under-runs into new work, new scope, i.e., new bookings, either on current programs or future bookings. And again, we increased our bookings outlook for the year by $500 million, so we're pleased with where we're positioned right now. You got the numbers right on the Q4 revenue growth, I think from an overall company point of view and also for Missile Systems. And at Missiles for the year, we have improved our guidance range on the low-end and see Missiles total year sales growing by about 10%. As you noted, Q4 is strong with high double-digit growth expected. We're well positioned across the entire Missiles portfolio with the strong backlog and we do expect to see that additional sales volume really coming from the startup of some recent awards as well as some Q4 awards, some of which will relieve inventory balances and this kind of gets back to Tom's point about where our customers, from a demand perspective, want our products and they want them sooner or they want them quicker. So, where it makes sense, we've been working with our customers to try to do that and part of the growth in the fourth quarter at Missiles, as I said, is the  is reflective of that, with inventory being converted to revenue to drive that growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn representing Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hey, Rob.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Toby, I wanted to get a clarification on Forcepoint. And then Tom, on the back of George's question, I wanted  focusing on Missiles, you mentioned AUSA and you were talking about SHORAD, but I wanted to go back to the emphasis at AUSA on readiness with regard to North Korea. I mean, it was a very strong message, almost surprisingly strong coming out of the Army at that event. And I see the 10% growth in Missiles and Excalibur is part of that. I think Toby mentioned that earlier. I wanted to see how sustainable this kind of a rate might be, especially if we uptick the readiness. And in that context, I was going to ask you for the latest update on DeepStrike, just given that Long-Range Precision Fires is now one of the six pillars of the latest acquisition strategy. And then Toby, the clarification was just on Forcepoint. If you could speak to the revenue seasonality that we keep seeing in the third quarter.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Do you want me to  Tom, if you want, I'll cover the Forcepoint question.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Do Forcepoint. Then I'll hit the other 10 questions.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So Forcepoint does have a couple elements of seasonality. So in Q3, typically it's the peak quarter from a government booking perspective and we saw that again here this year and in Q4, it's really the peak for commercial. So we did see the spike-up in revenue in Q3 driven by our government orders, but also some strength on the commercial side. We do expect strong commercial bookings in Q4, which typically convert to sales at a bit slower pace than the rest of the business, think more leaning towards some subscription-based sales versus licenses in the fourth quarter.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: And let me, back to your readiness, you're absolutely correct. At AUSA, there was a definite, I would say, position by the Army that we need to kick in on readiness. The good news is Raytheon is very well-positioned to support the Army in achieving the readiness across our entire set of our franchises, for example, TOW, Paveway, just to name a few, obviously the Patriot system, getting that ready. And then even in these future systems that you did mention, we are in a competition for the next-generation replacement to the ATACMS system, which is called the Long-Range Precision Fire missile. We have, I think, a very interesting solution for the Army there that actually doubles their capability and significantly increasing the range at the same time. So we are working hand in glove with the Army and to bring that system online now. It is a competition and it will be a down-select here in the next couple years. But we feel very, very optimistic about the solution that we're offering for the Army on that. And just one other element, we have been seeing an intake relative to efforts on being able to support this readiness. And across many of our systems, we have tripled the production capacity. So we've been able to meet the demand with our supply base. We believe there's additional capability to increase and that goes all the way through our supply base and have been working with our suppliers to ensure that they can even increase their material to us over and above what they're already doing. So we feel in a very good position here relative to meeting demands for the Army relative to readiness.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein representing Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sam.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sam.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I was hoping you could help me kind of square a few things, which is talking about governments and a desire to see more missile defense and you've raised your bookings a couple times and still talking about a strong bookings environment. But if I look at IDS backlog at a little over $9 billion, looks like it's the lowest we've seen in quite a number of years and actually year-to-date, the backlog for the total company is down a little bit. Like why aren't we seeing book-to-bill over 1 driving us to see backlog increases and what does that mean about the sustainability of that 3% to 5% organic growth?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: So, Sam, this is Toby. I'll take a crack at that starting out. I mean we've said it before, Tom or I might have mentioned it earlier on, in any given period, bookings can be lumpy. We are expecting, as an example, you mentioned IDS, right, and they had a strong Q1 for bookings. There was nothing significant in Q3, but we do expect their book-to-bill, as an example, in the fourth quarter to be well over 1 and approaching 1 for the year. They have some significant opportunities in front of them. Tom alluded to a few of them when he was kind of going around the world talking about the threat and the demand environment. And then when you take it down to a total company perspective, 1.11 in the quarter, last year was 1.16, 1.08 book-to-bill on a rolling four-quarters basis and our outlook for the year at 1.07, there's nothing there other than positive news relative to be able to sustain, certainly, for 2018 that 3% to 5% growth that I talked about earlier.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman representing JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, and good morning everyone.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Seth.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Toby, you had a nice increase in the guidance for profitability in IDS. You talked about companywide what the kind of modest margin expansion you're expecting next year. I wonder if you could talk about, A, whether that includes further growth off of this new baseline at IDS, and B, as you look to capture these new Patriot wins next year, and we think about the maturity of Patriot programs across the portfolio, does adding in the new programs kind of create kind of a new cycle, kind of like what we saw in 2015, I guess, or so when you booked a whole bunch of new Patriot programs and kind of ramped up on those?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Sure. And maybe  I know your question's largely focused around the margins, but maybe I'll kind of give you a little bit more color across all the metrics here. Keeping in mind that our intent today is give everybody a high-level look at how we're thinking about 2018. And as we continue to work through our process through the balance of the year, we'll obviously give you details, more details by business in January. But if I start at the front end of the business, as I said, another book-to-bill ratio over 1, again even on the higher expected sales that as I mentioned, 3% to 5% growth. I would tell you that the growth next year is a little bit more weighted towards Missiles, but we do see growth in every segment and we also continue to see both domestic and international growth again next year. Specifically, on your question around margins, again, up slightly from 2017 for segment margins. And just to give a little bit of color, at this point, we do see some incremental improvement next year at IDS, to your question, they're executing well. We expect to get a little bit more of a lift in 2018 from IDS and also some improvement at IIS. Right now, we'd look at Missiles to be in line with 2017 and we do have some mix-driven headwind, if you will, at SAS. As I talked about earlier, strong cash flow in line with 2017. We're looking at higher cash flow being generated by the businesses, partially offsetting as we expected and have talked about before, higher pension contributions and higher cash taxes, mentioned the tax rate at 31%. And of course, we gave you the grid. I gave you the outlook or at least not the outlook, but the current status as of today for discount rate as well as the asset returns which  I know doesn't pinpoint it exactly, but think of it a little bit ahead of where the new outlook for 2017 is, plus or minus in the $400 million range for the FAS/CAS and I talked about Forcepoint. So hopefully, that helps you a little bit understand how we're thinking about things and again we'll go through more details by business in January.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment representing Baird. Please proceed.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Good morning Tom, Toby.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Peter.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Peter.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Tom, now that DOMino finally is under the Raytheon umbrella...
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hallelujah.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: It's great, great to see. How are you thinking about, just kind of similar kind of opportunities where you're doing this, protecting international  other international opportunities, I'm thinking about Raytheon Arabia, other kind of opportunities that you've kind of set up, where maybe you can bring a lot of the Raytheon cyber capabilities to  other countries?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So Peter, it's a great question. So, we'd actually have in another country implemented something very similar to the DOMino. And so, we're already off on the international side relative to cyber and doing those type of capabilities in terms of providing cybersecurity to governments. DOMino obviously gives us additional creds or credentials that will help us gain, I would say, more cybersecurity work worldwide. And so, we're already off leveraging that moving forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu representing Jefferies. Please proceed.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: You mentioned this one in your prepared remarks, so I thought I'd go back to it with the award from DGI on the satellite image payload.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: And this has been typically business for one of your peers. Can you just discuss overall what you're seeing in that imaging market and how this might open up more opportunities?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, I think we're seeing is that the commercial marketplace is driving to higher accuracy and much, much better data and they also want to be able to collect more data. And we're set up to do that, we've been doing that for decades for our government customers. One of the elements was getting our price point to a position where we could be competitive against commercial suppliers who, in this case, don't really have the same capabilities that we have. And so we're hitting the price point, but providing them a significantly enhanced performance and capability, which then they can then sell and package and add value relative to their customers.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.:  All right, I think we're going to have to leave it there. Thank you for joining us this morning. We'll look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter conference call on January. Katina.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co. Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co. Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.
Analysts: Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC Matthew Akers - UBS Securities LLC Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Co. Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jasmine and I'll be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay proposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Jasmine. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that our growth strategy continued to gain traction in the second quarter. Revenue increased by 4.2% and was driven by demand from across our global customer base. Overall operating performance in the quarter was strong and our bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow results were all ahead of our expectations. Because of these stronger-than-expected results, we are increasing our sales and EPS guidance for the year. Toby will walk you through the details in a few minutes. As our second quarter results show, we continue to see strong customer demand for many of our franchise programs. With that said, I'd like to take the next couple of minutes to discuss the solid progress we are making toward adding new franchises to our portfolio. During the quarter, we were awarded a highly competitive contract for the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the Three-Dimensional Expeditionary Long-Range Radar program, also known as 3DELRR. This is again based multifunction expeditionary radar for the U.S. Air Force that has been designed for export ability from inception. Over the lifetime of the program, we believe this is a multi-billion-dollar opportunity for the company. Beyond 3DELRR, we were also awarded $116 million contract in the second quarter for the risk reduction phase of the Long Range Precision Fires program for the U.S. Army. Raytheon is one of two competitors selected for this phase. Our solution is called DeepStrike, which doubles the firepower and extends the range over current systems by more than 40% and will replace the current ATACMS system. With DeepStrike, we have an innovative, highly competitive solution that significantly enhances the Army's long-range strike capability. U.S. Navy is also looking to enhance its ability to address threats from longer ranges, including over-the-horizon strike capability. To meet this demand, Raytheon, in collaboration with Kongsberg, is proposing the Naval Strike Missile. This is a fifth-generation long-range, precision strike weapon that can find and destroy enemy ships at distances of up to 100 nautical miles and is fully operational and in use today. And it meets or exceeds the U.S. Navy's over-the-horizon requirement for survivability against high-end threats. We expect the Navy's decision by the end of 2017. With this award, our goal would be to replace the existing domestic and international inventory of Harpoon missiles with the Naval Strike Missile. During the quarter, we also made progress on certain early-stage development technology that lays the foundation for potential future franchises. For example, Raytheon and the U.S. Army, in collaboration with the U.S. Special Operations Command, completed a successful flight test of a high-energy laser system aboard an Apache helicopter. The demonstration marks the first time that a fully integrated laser system successfully engaged and fired on a target from a rotary wing aircraft. In other areas of the company, particularly IIS, we have been successful on several opportunities that leverage our core capabilities in cyber, analytics and automation. These capabilities are further strengthened by our considerable expertise in advanced agile software development, rapid prototyping and sustainment, which collectively the U.S. Air Force has referred to as DevOps. Some recent successes include, in April, we were awarded a contract with an initial value of up to $375 million over six years to sustain and modernize the Air and Space Operations Center for the U.S. Air Force. Under this contract, Raytheon will maintain and update existing software as well as develop and deploy new software upgrades to improve our Air and Space Command and Control Operations. This award also creates an opportunity to expand into other areas, increasing the future potential revenue opportunity beyond the initial award. In early June, we were awarded the Systems and Computer Resources Support contract valued at up to $600 million for software support and sustainment to modernize missile defense and other strategic systems for the U.S. Army. Raytheon will support the Army's efforts to design, test and deploy software updates for critical systems used globally by U.S. combatant commands. And in mid-June, Raytheon was reaffirmed as the prime contractor and systems integrator for the Department of Homeland Security's Development, Operations and Maintenance program, also known as DOMino. With this award, Raytheon will help protect the networks of more than 100 federal government agencies. It's a strong validation of our cybersecurity capabilities. I would add that the last two of these three programs have been protested, which continues to be the norm in today's environment. Turning to international, last month, at the Paris Air Show, we hosted over 700 meetings with a wide range of global customers. Having spoken personally to customers there as well as on other customer visits, I can tell you that demand for our advanced solutions is strong and growing. And you are seeing this in our second quarter results where international revenue increased by a solid 4.3% and international bookings comprised 35% of our total bookings. One of the company's larger bookings in the quarter was a $619 million award for the restart in the Standard Missile-2 program. This award was funded by four international customers. Looking forward, we see the potential for even more opportunities for Standard Missile-2. Other new international opportunities also emerged in the second quarter. For example, in late June, the State Department filed Congressional Notification for a potential deal with Taiwan valued at up to $1.4 billion, approximately half of which we expect to book within the next 24 months. These programs include JSOW, torpedo, HARM missiles and Standard Missile-2s. This emerging opportunity reflects the continued solid demand we're seeing out of the Asia Pacific region. Over the past 13 years, we have increased our international revenue each year. To enable this, we have continuously adapted our international strategy to best position the company for growth. For example, in May, I had the honor of being part of the inaugural Saudi-U.S. CEO Forum. While there, I signed an MoU at a ceremony with King Salman and President Trump to cooperate on defense-related projects and technology developments in the Kingdom. The MoU also included a framework for Raytheon to establish a wholly-owned company in Saudi Arabia called Raytheon Arabia, which will significantly build on our more than 50-year history in the country. Turning now to Europe, we're making progress on multiple large international Patriot opportunities, including Poland and Romania. In Poland, we continue to expect the total value of this opportunity to be nearly $5 billion, broken into two phases. We're expecting an LOA for the initial phase to be signed by the end of this year at a value of over $1 billion, with a booking expected sometime in 2018. The recently announced Romania Patriot opportunity continues to move forward as well and is also likely to result in multiple awards. The initial LOA is expected by the end of 2017 for several hundred million dollars with a total Romania Patriot opportunity expected to be in the $2 billion range. Beyond Poland and Romania, we see additional Patriot opportunities in the region. In summary, we had a strong quarter and continue to see a wide range of opportunities to drive future growth. I'd like to thank the members of the Raytheon team for making it all possible quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year to delivering for our global customers and shareholders with our focus on execution, performance and innovative solutions. I'll now turn the call over to Toby. Toby?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the second quarter highlights. And then, we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would please turn to page three. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in the second quarter with bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow all better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the second quarter of $6.5 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.04. Sales were $6.3 billion in the quarter, up 4.2%, led by our IDS, Missiles and Space and Airborne Systems businesses. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.89, which I'll give a little more color on in a few minutes. We generated solid operating cash flow of $782 million in the second quarter which was better than our prior guidance, primarily driven by the timing of collections. During the quarter, the company repurchased 600,000 shares of common stock for $100 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 3.3 million shares for $500 million. Also, as previously announced, we repurchased $591 million in notes that were due in March and December of 2018. As a result, a non-operating charge of $39 million pre-tax or $0.09 per share associated with this early retirement of debt was recorded in other income and expense in the second quarter of 2017. As a reminder, last year included the ThalesRaytheonSystems transaction that resulted in a tax-free gain of $158 million at IDS or $0.53 per diluted share in our second quarter 2016 financial results. Before moving on, based upon our strong performance to-date, I also want to point out that for the second time this year we're raising the full year 2017 outlook for bookings, sales and EPS. I'll discuss guidance further in just a few minutes. Turning now to page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Company bookings for the second quarter were $6.5 billion and on a year-to-date basis were $12.2 billion. Worth noting that on a trailing four-quarter basis, our book-to-bill ratio was 1.09. For the quarter, international was 35% of our total company bookings and on a year-to-date basis was 34%. For the year, we expect international to be about a third of total bookings. We've booked several significant awards in the second quarter, including $690 million for Paveway and $619 million on Standard Missile-2 in our Missile Systems business and $374 million on the Warfighter FOCUS Program at IIS. Backlog at the end of the second quarter was $36.2 billion, up over $1 billion compared to last year's second quarter. Approximately 42% of our backlog is comprised of international programs. If you now move to page 5, as I mentioned earlier, for the second quarter 2017, sales increased by a solid 4.2% and exceeded the high end of the guidance we set in April, primarily due to better-than-expected performance across several of the businesses. For the second quarter, our international sales were approximately 32% of total sales. Looking now at sales by business, IDS had second quarter 2017 net sales of $1.5 billion, up 5% compared with the same quarter last year. The increase in net sales for the quarter was driven primarily by higher net sales on an international early warning radar program awarded in the first quarter 2017. In the second quarter 2017, IIS net sales of $1.6 billion, down slightly from the same period last year, as expected. Missile Systems had second quarter 2017 net sales of $1.9 billion. The 11% increase from the second quarter 2016 was primarily due to higher volume on the Standard Missile-2, Standard Missile-3 and Paveway programs. SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion. The 4% increase versus last year was driven by higher sales on a domestic classified program. And for Forcepoint, sales were in line with last year's second quarter. Moving ahead to page 6. Overall, the company continues to perform well. Our operating margin in the quarter was 13.5% for the total company and 12.4% on a business segment basis. It's worth noting that the impact of the TRS gain in the second quarter 2016 that I discussed earlier was worth about 260 basis points or 2.6 percentage points at the company level. Excluding this gain, our margins in the second quarter of 2017 were consistent year-over-year. So, looking now at the business margins. IDS second quarter 2017 operating margin was strong at 16.8%. Last year's second quarter operating margin at IDS included the TRS transaction, which was worth about 11.3 percentage points. IIS operating margin was down slightly compared to last year's second quarter. The decrease in margin at Missiles in the quarter compared with the same period last year was primarily driven by an expected change in program mix. We see Missiles operating margin improving in the back half of the year. SAS margin was up 30 basis points in the quarter compared with the same period last year, primarily driven by a favorable change in program mix and other performance in the second quarter of 2017. And at Forcepoint, the second quarter 2017 operating margin, as expected, was lower than last year's comparable quarter, primarily due to planned investments to expand the sales force capacity, increase the new business pipeline and improve brand awareness. For the full year, we still expect their margins to be in the 10% to 11% range. Turning now to page 7. Second quarter 2017 EPS was $1.89, better than expected, primarily driven by higher sales and productivity, but lower than last year's second quarter due to both the $0.09 charge associated with the early retirement of debt in the second quarter of 2017 and the $0.53 gain from the TRS transaction in the second quarter of 2016. On page 8, as I mentioned earlier, we are increasing our full year 2017 guidance for sales and EPS to reflect our improved operating performance to-date compared to our prior guidance. We have increased the sales range by $200 million and now expect our full year 2017 net sales to be in a range of between $25.1 billion and $25.6 billion, up 4% to 6% from 2016. The increase is driven by growth in both our domestic and international business. Turning to share count, we've tightened our diluted share count to approximately 292 million shares for 2017, a 2% reduction from prior year-end. We have slightly lowered our effective tax rate to reflect the improved tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation, which, in total, is worth about $0.03 per share for the full year. We now expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30.5% for the year. We've increased our full year 2017 EPS by $0.10 from our prior guidance and now expect it to be in the range of $7.35 to $7.50. The increase is driven by our improved performance in the second quarter as well as the slight improvement to the effective tax rate. As I mentioned earlier, operating cash flow in the second quarter was higher than our prior expectations due to the timing of collections. We continue to see our 2017 operating cash flow outlook between $2.8 billion and $3.1 billion. Similar to last year, our cash flow profile is more heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter due to the timing of program milestones and collections on some of our larger contracts. And as you can see on page nine, we've included guidance by business. We've increased the full year sales outlook at both Missile Systems and IIS to reflect a combination of stronger bookings performance to-date and second half expectations. Now turning to margin, we continue to see operating margin for the company to be in a range of 13.2% to 13.4% for the year. Before moving on to page 10, we're now raising our full year 2017 bookings outlook to a range of $26 billion to $27 billion. This reflects a $500 million increase to the prior range and is driven by strong demand from our global customers. This is the second $500 million increase to our bookings outlook this year. On page 10, we have provided guidance on how we currently see the third quarter of 2017. We expect our third quarter sales to be in a range of $6.18 billion to $6.33 billion and EPS from continuing operations is expected to be in a range of $1.82 to $1.86. We expect operating cash flow to be in a range of $350 million to $450 million. Before concluding, as we have discussed on past earnings calls with regards to our capital deployment strategy, we continue to expect to generate strong free cash flow for the year and are targeting returning approximately 80% of free cash flow to shareholders, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. In summary, if you stand back and look at the quarter, we had strong performance. Our bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations were all higher than expected. Based on this performance and our second half expectations, we increased our full year 2017 outlook for bookings, sales and EPS. With that, Tom and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: The first question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please proceed.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Jason.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Tom, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about some bigger picture strategy issues here and talk about the new opportunities that you have in front of you and talk a little bit about the investments that you think you might need to make for these new opportunities, both in CapEx and R&D going forward. And then just kind of your teaming strategy at this point. Have there been any kind of changes to the way that you approach some of these new opportunities and the way that you team with people, given the ever-changing competitive dynamics that are going on out there? Thanks
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Okay. So, Jason, we've discussed this before in the past, but we do focus on our four-pillar strategy. Obviously, our first pillar is to focus on where the Department of Defense is putting their emphasis. And then one of the big areas there is Integrated Air and Missile Defense, ballistic missile defense. We're heavily involved in that. And also in C5ISR, heavily involved in working those areas and winning significant contracts in those areas also, along with just pure cyber and also electronic warfare. The second area, which I believe is a new emerging area, is the area of high-energy lasers. I mentioned that a little bit in our script and in the work we've done on a laser pod and put it on a helicopter. Why a helicopter? Well, a helicopter has one of the worst vibration environments that you'd have to be in, in terms of using a high-energy laser system. So we really wanted to stress our systems and its capabilities and show that that capability  the design that we had could withstand the high vibration environment of a helicopter. We're also heavily invested in hypersonics. We recently won a major program from DARPA called the Hawk program and so working on that very hard. In addition to that, also working in the undersea area. So bottom line is pushing those areas significantly. I think the other area, back to our franchises  I did mention one in my script, the Naval Strike weapon. And that is a teaming arrangement with Kongsberg. We have teamed with Kongsberg in the past on major systems, major franchises. The other major franchise is a NASAM system where we team with Kongsberg. And we've been very successful on that in the nation's capital. Another major project is in Oman and in four other countries and have significant opportunities for that system in both the Europe and also in the Middle East. And bottom line is that we're pressing on all fronts, new technologies, existing technologies across  and developing and increasing the franchises we have.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: And, Tom, maybe I'll just add, Jason, to your point about the investment related to CapEx. We've talked about how we have seen an increase in our CapEx spending as we look to invest in ourselves to support growth and efficiency initiatives. Looking forward, for 2018, we're not ready to give any outlook for 2018. We're in the early stages of our planning process and we'll give more color on the Q3 call. But what I can tell you is sitting here today, relative to CapEx, we could see some continued growth next year to grow the business and then start to see it come back down and level back down to levels lower than we've seen in the last couple years as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Tom and Toby.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Peter.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Peter.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Could you  on IIS, you mentioned in the press release the classified bookings of $555 million. It really seems like that business is really performing well and we're seeing that on the top line. Can you give us any color like if it's just the mix of business or competitive pricing, like, in regarding kind of the op margins and the opportunity to maybe to increase those? Or just maybe some more color on what's going on behind the scenes there.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yes. So, Peter, let me start. And then if Tom wants to jump in, he can. So we raised  I'll kind of start at a high level, right. We raised the outlook or the guidance for IIS revenue this year. And this was due to two things. We're seeing some increase to our continued demand, both domestically and international for training in support of the Warfighter program. And the work on that current vehicle we expect to go well into 2018. And additionally, Tom talked about in his script some of the recent competitive wins that you just alluded to as well, in our cyber and C5ISR areas. And we do expect those will be starting to pick up a little bit from a volume point of view in the second half. As it relates to the margins, IIS this year  they're on track on a year-to-date basis. And we see them performing well in the back half of the year. We've got a range of 7.4% to 7.6%. We feel good about that. From a longer-term perspective, you've got to keep in mind that almost definitionally they're a little constrained, right, because they are the business in the company that has the highest amount of cost type work and the lowest amount of international work. And just definitionally around that, you're going to see some constraints. I would say under the current book of business, mix of business, there's opportunity to improve compared to the over time  not year-over-year, but over time. And maybe an optimal margin for them would be 8% to 8.5%, given their current book of business. But we are focused. As Tom talked about, we have a four-pillar strategy. A component of that is international and there are some opportunities that the team at IIS is looking at internationally. If we could get a little bit more traction there that potentially would bode well for margin expansion at IIS.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rob.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, Tom. I thought maybe we could talk about the cash deployment. You've given yourselves a little bit of flexibility here saying 80% returned to shareholders and 20% presumably not being returned to shareholders. What do you anticipate that money being spent on? I guess, it's M&A, but what are you seeing out there in the pipeline?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, as you know, Rob, we have a balanced capital deployment strategy. And in that strategy, number one is to invest in ourselves to grow the business. And we've been on a growth campaign here for over four years. We're very successful on that growth campaign. We are winning quite a few contracts. And these are franchise type contracts moving forward, which is going to significantly help us over the next five years relative to revenue expansion. So we believe we are making those right investments in a balanced way. The other, obviously, big part of our strategy is total shareholder return to our shareholders. And so we are a strong proponent on the dividend and making sure that we support that over the years. And the other area is and we did mention a little bit on the share buyback when appropriate. We do make the shareholder buyback as part of this overall capital deployment plan. But, right now, the focus definitely is on growth and expansion. Right now, the properties out there relative to acquisitions in the defense market are kind of high. So we haven't seen anything attractive. But if there is something out there that makes sense, we always look at them and determine whether it's the best value for us and, obviously, our shareholders.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: And, Rob, I'd just add that the 80% is a target. I think if you look back over the last few years, we were on average a little bit higher than that, not the 20% higher that you mentioned, but a little bit higher. And the other thing that we have done more often than not is made discretionary contributions into our pension plan when we think that it makes sense. And as we always do, we'll look at that later this year as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Rob.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. So DoD Secretary Mattis has been pretty clear that he wants to accelerate procurement of precision-guided munitions in the 2018 budget. So I wanted to ask you in that vein, Tom, for a little bit more color. You've talked about your various programs, but can you get a little bit more specific on the type of growth in production rates that we're looking at for the various programs, like Tomahawk, SM-6, Paveway, SM-3, et cetera?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, number one is we're definitely in support of the Secretary of Defense's position relative to getting the readiness level up of our forces. And one element of getting the readiness up is weapons systems, including missiles and munitions and precision munitions. So we have seen an up-tempo definitely starting several years back, but internationally. We are now starting to see a domestic uptick, obviously in line with the Secretary's request. We are working that. Turns out we do have the production capacity to continue to grow in terms of our missile production. We've been working on that very hard here over the last three years, anticipating this need for a replenishment of missiles and munitions and are prepared to support the Secretary in his strategy to significantly increase the readiness of our forces.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sam.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Sam.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about Missile Systems. Just looking at where you are for the first half  I know you said you're confident that you can still get there for the year, but why will margins step up so much? Are there milestones, risk reduction? Is there a mix change? What's happening to drive those margins up in the second half of the year?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yes. Sure, Sam. I'll hit that. So starting with Q2 2017, Missiles margin was in line with our expectations. As we talked about, it was lower than last year, primarily due to mix as well as the timing of some net productivity adjustments. And on a year-to-date basis, their margin is in line with year-to-date 2016 as well. We do expect sequential, right, to Q3 to Q4 improvement in the back half. We're going to be ramping up on some of our production programs. There are some major milestones and risk retirement assumptions in the back half of the year that are expected to generate productivity from factory efficiencies. And also, we see some higher operating leverage and the benefit of that flowing through in the back half of the year. So it's a combination of a couple, three things that are driving it. But we're confident in the outlook for the full year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping to get back to maybe Rob Stallard's question on capital deployment, but in an inverse way. Forcepoint, you've had it since 2015, and I think the CEO of Forcepoint been talking about, longer term, the optionality of an IPO. Just curious, Tom, your view on what you've been able to do with it inside the firm versus what its potential could be outside the firm. And, conversely, I know it's a couple steps forward, but what would you do with the proceeds of kind of reclaiming the capital that you put into it? Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: First of all, we have no plans at this time in place to do an IPO in the near future. And so I'll take that off the table. This is a longer-term play for the company. And the overall focus and strategy for this was to break out the value we have associated with our deep cyber domain capabilities inside the company. Since 2007, we acquired 14 cybersecurity-related companies to give us the technology to protect ourselves in the cyber domain, to protect our customers and also to protect the weapon systems and solutions that we provide. So we did that just to essentially stay in the business and be a business leader in cyber secured systems that we deliver to the Warfighter. As part of developing that technology, we believe we have some great opportunities to help the commercial sector. And the reason for creating a Forcepoint company was to allow us to break out that value for the commercial world, but at the same time help the commercial world in terms of protecting themselves. And, I think, right now, we're seeing a significant advantage of having Forcepoint not only for ourselves internally. They've helped actually with some of their solutions strengthen our cybersecurity within Raytheon, also with our supply chain, our business partners and now the entire commercial space in terms of the industrial base for the nation.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Tom, and I'll just  relative, Myles, to your question, about if and when there was some type of liquidity event, what will we do with the proceeds. I think the way for investors to think about that, we would consider that under the framework of the balanced capital deployment that Tom mentioned a little while ago and that we've been focused on here for several years. Probably premature to give you anything more than that because it would also depend upon what's happening in the market, in the overall defense environment, where the rest of the company is at, the outlook for the company. But needless to say, what we would do is do and use those proceeds with creating incremental shareholder value, which, if you go back to Tom's comments, that was the whole play in why we created Forcepoint. So that hasn't changed from what our original objective was.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you very much. So yesterday, Northrop talked of JSTARS' decision slipping into the first quarter of next year and yet you have increased your bookings target by $500 million. Maybe give us some color on the key potentials you think both domestic and international that could fall into this year and those potentials that you feel are much more likely next year. For example, Lockheed talks of a potential THAAD order. Is that something that's in your thoughts for this year or is that a next year opportunity? Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Okay, Cai. Let me address that first and then I'll have Toby jump in. We are  have significant opportunities, both on the domestic front, and I think, which is maybe a little bit different than some of our peers. We have a significant amount of international, also, opportunities. And I mentioned them in my script. Obviously, there's the Poland, the Patriot. There's the Romania Patriot deal. We have  and that's  all those deals are late 2017, early 2018. We have significant other opportunities relative to  in IDS, for example, close to $6 billion of bookings for the year and most of it related in the Middle East. Also have some other opportunities relative to C4I internationally that we'll be bringing in this year. And, obviously, in our Missile business, you saw the significant uptick there in demand, actually a prior question here relative to Secretary Mattis, in increasing the readiness of our forces, needing a strong upside tick in terms of procurement of missiles and precision munitions. So bottom line is that the demand signal has significantly increased here over the last several years, but the increase is both on the international front and also on the domestic front. And on the international front, you can see just through my script it's coming not just from the Middle East, but it's also coming from the Asia Pacific. Remember, I mentioned Taiwan. And also we have uptick from South Korea and Japan, and then also in Europe. I mean, we saw the Poland, Romania and there are several other countries in Europe that are also looking to procure solutions from Raytheon. Bottom line is a very strong pipeline that allowed us to increase the bookings for $1 billion this year over our initial plan. And moving out into 2018, we feel that there's a significant strong pipeline to continue that growth through the next several years.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. And, Cai, I would just add, and Tom just mentioned, the $1 billion that we increased this year, the $500 million you referred to, $500 million in Q1. That increase is 50%/50% domestic/international, which plays along with what Tom just said. The other thing that's interesting this year we've already recorded in the first half of the year, from a dollar value perspective, our two largest bookings with the Qatar EWR back in Q1 and the Paveway orders that we talked about here in Q2. So in the back half of the year, we don't have any big binary billion, $2 billion type of orders. And I think what that speaks to is the strength of the portfolio across the businesses. We do have maybe a dozen or so different opportunities, again, spread across the businesses in the $200 million, $300 million, $400 million or $500 million range. But that's one thing that's a little different, I think, in a positive way, around the complexion of the bookings this year perhaps compared to past years.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: And, Cai, I'd' just like to jump on Toby's last statement about the diversity of the pipeline that we have. That's one of the things that we've been working on very hard here over the last four years, to increase the diversity of our pipeline. So we're not reliant on any one or two or three awards to go make our plan or to grow the company. And we think we have the most diverse opportunity pipeline that we've ever had in the history of the company today.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Please proceed.
Matthew Akers - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. It's actually Matt on for David. Thanks for taking the question.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Matt.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Akers - UBS Securities LLC: I was wondering  I think you've talked in the past about Patriot modernization opportunities. I don't know. I think you've kind of sized what that opportunities that's out there. Maybe you could just refresh us and list all of that.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Let me jump on that. I mean there's something called Configuration 3+ that we've been working through and upgrading the 14 nations that have decided to procure the Patriot system. And so we're working through those. We have about 41 fire units to be upgraded from there. And that is kind of about greater than $4 billion of opportunities out there, just on that. And that's just the upgrades. That's not buying new fire units. I think the thing that we're seeing a little different than we saw in the past we're having these countries that have Patriot today actually buying brand-new fire units. So over and above the, we call it, the configuration upgrade, they're buying brand-new systems. That's one. And the other one is we are moving forward and have developed a new radar for the Patriot system that allows us to see much further, to track multiple targets simultaneously in a way we haven't been able to do before. But the bottom line is to significantly upgrade the capability of the Patriot system. And all the countries that have Patriot today  this will be a radar that they'll want to upgrade their system to, to provide enhanced capability against the evolved threat. So we see significant opportunity here over the next decade relative to Patriot in configuration updates, the buying of brand-new fire units, and now with the opportunity to upgrade with a GaN-based 360-degree AESA radar to significantly upgrade the overall capability of the Patriot systems they have today.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Doug.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: It's been a little more than a month now that we've  the Saudi-led blockade of Qatar has been in place. A while back, we saw the F-15 orders still take place in Qatar. Given the importance of the Gulf to you all, what do see right now as the risks there, politically? Any effect it's having on your business? And what do you watch to see if it could be an issue?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: I'll take that on. As I have talked to, actually, the majority of the stakeholders or parties involved in the situation, as you probably know, the administration has voiced its opinion relative to getting this issue resolved within the GCC and is actually helping negotiate a settlement on the issue. Relative to Raytheon, we don't believe this has any impact on our 2017 guidance. We believe that everything we have in play in all of our outlook here is fine relative to any issue there. We have been awarded contracts from these countries during this period. And so we, right now, do not see any issue.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Tom, Toby, Todd, good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So, Tom, I'd like to follow up here a little bit more on your remarks you were talking about a minute ago on international, the President, Saudi, and that every time you speak, things are getting better on international markets. Now some of your competitors have noted the Trump administration acting as chief salesperson for U.S. defense exports, also significant improvements in attitudes at State and also an improved regulatory environment for defense. So I'm trying to get at the underlying causes for the enormous success you're having on international markets and the strong pipeline. I mean, are you already benefiting from an improvement in the regulatory environment? Is that causing you to be more competitive internationally? Because of the administration's actions and based on your ongoing discussions with customers, are you expecting more of these bundled deals going forward? And I guess you've already stated that you believe that international growth is sustainable long-term.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Rich, thanks for the questions. Great questions. So let me start with this comment first. When we compete internationally, when Raytheon competes internationally, we do not compete against companies. We compete against countries. So, having an administration that supports industry in going after international business changes the game. And we have an administration now that is significantly supporting international work for domestic  actually U.S. industry. And that has opened several doors for us. Now we've been very successful before those doors were opened. So it's bottom line just accelerating our ability to grow internationally. And so that's why we're very positive about the future of the company, especially relative to the international business. And we're also seeing, as was mentioned on another question before, a significant push by the Secretary of Defense to significantly increase the capabilities of our military in terms of readiness, which puts a significant demand signal on our missile systems, our sensors, precision munitions across the board. So Raytheon has a very healthy outlook for the future and we're just building on the international foundation we put in place before and are able to accelerate now with the support from an administration that does support international sales.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yes, Toby. I wanted to ask, the corporate and eliminations line, which is usually like negative $20 million, it's plus $3 million. And I know it was plus last year, too, but it was one of the keys to your guidance increase, lowering that number. So just wondering if you could explain that. And then just a quick comment, since  why don't you provide, like, a net book-to-bill number to eliminate the issue that the bookings less sales never gets added to the backlog? It always gets something else added. Or just provide some reconciliation of it. Thanks.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, George. I'll take care of your second question first and I'll maybe help you with the reconciliation. We did have backlog adjustments in the quarter. They were about $135 million. So that hopefully should explain the gap there between the bookings and the sales. Relative to the first part of your question on the corporate-related expenses, there's nothing individually driving that, but we do see some lower expenses for this year compared to when we started the year. But from a total year perspective, still maybe a tad higher, a little bit higher than they were last year in 2016.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Toby, maybe could you talk a little bit more. You mentioned the potential for pension contributions, the degree to which that is dependent on tax reform and how you think about that in two scenarios, one, where we have tax reform and, one, where we don't? And also, given the strength of the balance sheet, in a tax reform scenario to get the benefit of the deduction, is there an opportunity, maybe, to make a much more significant contribution to the pension that would affect the longer-term cash flow profile of the company?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So, Seth, I think, one thing, tax reform or no tax reform aside, right, we always wait towards the end of the year to make a decision on what we're going to do with pension, right. We have a better idea of where we think returns are going to end up, what's happened with rates going forward, et cetera. So that will continue on. Tax reform is a variable, but I'd also say after a lot of potential momentum earlier in the year, maybe not so much, I think, as everybody has seen lately. But we will take tax reform into account when we make our decision and where tax reform is and whether or not that has a favorable or unfavorable impact on what we do. Obviously, we don't know what tax reform would look like exactly, so it's a little hard to specifically answer that question. Obviously, sustainable tax reform that continues to support investments and high-tech jobs here in the states, we're all for that. And that would improve  something meaningful would improve the cash flow outlook for the corporation compared to everything else being equal. And if that happens, we'll update you guys. But, again, maybe a little bit of a broken record, but we'll think about that under our balanced framework approach to capital deployment.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you very much. Tom, I want to go back to Forcepoint. I know it's the smallest business unit, but it looks like revenues are a little bit on the light side. And could you talk about some of the challenges you're facing in the market?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Let me just start off. When we talked about this earlier in the year, that this was a year that we were going to restructure some of the  maybe you can call it the backroom for Forcepoint. We've grown that from $250 million a year in revenue to $600 million. So we were stressing the backroom quite a bit relative to being able to support a business of that size. So we did make a decision this year to take kind of a timeout to get their backroom up and make the investments in the backroom to get them ready to go and accelerate here in 2018. And so that was one of the things that we talked about earlier. Relative to their product line, they are updating several of their product lines and integration. One of the big areas that they're pushing heavily and getting a lot of demand signal for is in the area of data leakage prevention, DLP, combined with the insider threat capability and working on that to get that product in an enhanced position for the marketplace. So we're also doing that to help accelerate revenue in 2018.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: And I think, Howard, you didn't get into the numbers, but in my comments, I mentioned how sales in the quarter at Forcepoint were in line with last year. That was lower than we were looking at going into the quarter by about $10 million. I think if there's any good news there, that variance is really driven by timing of awards. The thing, we had some, dozen or so, awards that moved from Q2 into Q3. We didn't lose those, so there's some good news there. And think about half of those we've already closed on here in the first couple, three weeks of July as well. So, a little bit of timing that the team's dealing with there and on top of what Tom said.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Matt.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just a quick follow-up on that point. How about the pace of investments at Forcepoint? And could you just update us on kind of an expected margin trajectory in that business?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So we talked about back in our year-end call and in the first quarter call that this year Forcepoint has about $25 million of expense included in their margin outlook related to investment, about 40% of that in the first half of the year and about 60% in the second half, kind of, sort of, split 50%/50% between Q3 and Q4 in the back half of the year. And then from a longer-term point of view, and consistent with this, that we expect continued double-digit growth and double-digit margins from Forcepoint.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Noah.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Back to Missile and the discussion of the inventory depletion and, I guess, drivers of that business. So with the growth rate going into the low-double-digits in the quarter and then, I guess, the guidance for the year implies that kind of stays there in the back half, should we be  I guess, how sustainable is that? Should we be thinking about that as the growth rate into 2018? And then bigger picture, when you guys talk about a lot of the funding there recently having been from inventory depletion and now moving to actual funding, the driver there being readiness, are you actually able to quantify how far below normal levels, both the U.S. and our allies, are compared to where they want to be?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Let me start on that last question. Number one is we actually cannot provide you an answer on how low they are. That would be an issue we'd have with those customers. But I can tell you there is significant demand signal being driven by the up-tempo that is going on around the world today. And so that's driving, number one, the overall replenishment for the United States and its coalition partners around the world. And so we're off driving that. One thing I would like you to also bring to bear here is that missiles does not just do precision munitions. They also do missiles for ballistic missile defense. They also do air-to-air missiles, air-to-ground missiles, surface-to-surface missiles. And so they have  the demand signal is across their entire portfolio. The precision munition is one aspect of it, but we're also seeing strong demand. I think we just mentioned it. We just opened the Standard Missile-2 line again, driven by four international customers' demands. And then we're seeing additional demands now from other international customers for Standard Missile-2s around the world. So the bottom line is Missiles has a very healthy pipeline that is increasing. So we're very, I'd say, up on Missiles over the next five years.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: And, Noah, just to touch a little bit on your comment about 2018 growth and all. So we're not going to get into any details here on 2018, but I can tell you, we do expect continued growth for Missiles. And maybe what I could point you to that help support that is if you were to go back and look over the last couple of years at the Missiles book-to-bill, last year, it was about 1.13. It was almost 1.3 in 2015. Here in the second quarter, they had 1.48. And we expect for the total year this year, they'll be well over 1, which, again, supports the continued growth for the Missiles business.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: All right. Well, I think, we're out of time here for today. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jasmine.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. So you all have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co. Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co. Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.
Analysts: Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC Finbar Thomas Sheehy - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shelley and I'll be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay proposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Shelley. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters we discuss today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives, and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. We're off to a strong start in 2017 as we continue to build on our momentum from last year. In the first quarter, sales increased by over 3%. This growth, combined with operating margin expansion, drove strong EPS performance. I'm also pleased to report that all of the businesses met or exceeded our expectations in the quarter. Bookings were solid and our backlog increased by 5.5%. Overall, our growth strategy continues to be well aligned with the needs of our global customers. And you're seeing this in our operating results. Toby will take you through the quarter's financials and the increases to our sales and EPS guidance in a few minutes. I'd like to take a moment to talk about the threat environment. It continues to evolve and is driving a significant increase in demand signals from every one of our major global markets. Whether it's capability for strike, integrated air and missile defense, or long-range sensing capabilities, Raytheon is at the forefront providing high technology solutions for our customers' most complex challenges. Key areas, where we see strong future opportunity are the sea and undersea domains. As we have discussed on prior calls, Raytheon is a leader in providing the next generation of GaN-based navel radars. Our solutions include the air and missile defense radar and the enterprise air surveillance radar for the U.S. Navy and international customers. Together, these will form the backbone of radar capabilities for the allied surface fleets of the future. We are making considerable progress towards delivering these advanced capabilities. To that end, in the first quarter, AMDR successfully completed its first test which called on the radar to acquire and then track an advanced ballistic missile target, a significant milestone for the system. Our development work on AMDR continues and the program is expected to enter low rate initial production this year. Beyond radars, Raytheon also provides a broad set of naval missile defense and strike systems, which include Tomahawk, which just this month again proved its value as the weapon of choice for standoff engagement, protecting the warfighter and achieving a critical mission. We're adding new capabilities to Tomahawk that will enable it also to engage maritime targets, providing the Navy with a much longer reach. While Tomahawk has been in the headlines lately, let me also remind you about SM-6 and SM-3, which provides the Navy with over-the-horizon air and missile defense capabilities. In fact, in the first quarter, the latest version of SM-3 Block IIA, which we are co-developing with Japan achieved a significant milestone and successfully completed its first intercept of a target resembling an advanced ballistic missile threat. This intercept is an important demonstration of the new missiles capabilities and the program is on track for deployment in the 2018 timeframe. We also have many other ship protection systems that include the Evolved Seasparrow Missile, Rolling Airframe Missile and the Phalanx as well as the Mark 54 Torpedo. To maximize the effect in this of all of these systems, we provide ship-based strategic communication systems and advanced command and control such as the Cooperative Engagement Capability. CEC ensures that the Navy has advantageous situational awareness of the battlefield through superior networks and shared sensor information. CEC is a key element in Naval Integrated Fire Control-Counter Air capability. Another key growth opportunity for us is in the area of advanced sonar programs for the U.S. Navy. This month, we were pleased to have our award for the new variable-depth sonar program affirmed. While the award is initially for the Littoral Combat Ship, this advanced sonar program will ultimately allow us to deliver game-changing capability to the entire fleet. This is one of the most significant anti-submarine warfare opportunities of the decade positioning us well on a number of new programs going forward. And we see a number of classified undersea opportunities that should drive future growth as well. So as you can see, we have a broad portfolio of sea and undersea capabilities and we are well-positioned for future growth in modernizing the Navy fleet and the fleets of our allies. Now turning to the quarter, bookings exceeded our expectations and included the $1 billion award for the Qatar early warning radar as well as a number of awards for missiles and radars. Based on this and new opportunities, we are raising our bookings outlook for the year to a range of $25.5 billion to $26.5 billion, an increase of $500 million. Revenue increased by 3.4% in the quarter and was driven largely by a growth of 7.5% in our international business. International comprised 32% of our total sales in the quarter. We also saw strong sales growth in our domestic classified business of 6.4%. Last year's record classified bookings were a key driver behind this quarter's continued strong classified revenue growth. As we look forward, we are making progress on a number of large international opportunities. For Poland Patriot, as announced last month, an updated LOR is being provided to the U.S. government with an estimated value for us of up to $5 billion. Patriot will provide the Polish government with integrated air and missile defense capabilities to meet the threat today with an upgrade path to new GaN-based radars that will address the threats of tomorrow, a key competitive discriminator for the customer. Later this year, we expect the Polish Ministry of Defense to sign an LOA with the U.S. government, which will make Poland the 14th country to utilize Patriot. Beyond Poland, we see other opportunities for Patriot in Europe, driven by customer demand due to evolving threats to the region. These opportunities, in combination with demand for additional fire units and upgrades for existing customers in other regions, continue to demonstrate the strength of the Patriot franchise. Earlier this month, Raytheon Australia announced that it has been selected to be the sole bidder for the country's ground-based air defense system. This system will provide the innermost layer of Australia's enhanced integrated air and missile defense capability. Our offering, which would be produced in cooperation with Australian industry, is initially based on our NASAMS system and represents an opportunity of up to $1 billion for Raytheon. This award is currently expected in the 2019 timeframe. Following the award of Qatar EWR in the first quarter, we continue to see growing interest from customers in the MENA region for long-range surveillance capabilities. This includes significant additional demand for early warning radars, as well as our TPY-2 X-Band radars in the 2018 to 2020 timeframe. To meet future threats, we've continued to evolve TPY-2. Last year, we received a contract from our domestic customer to incorporate GaN technology into the TPY-2 radars. This provides a potentially significant future upgrade opportunity for the existing global inventories. Now turning to domestic. While the debate about government funding levels is ongoing, we are optimistic that the longer-term budget trends will be favorable. For us, we see a number of key opportunities developing across multiple domains as the Department of Defense looks to invest in new technologies to deter rapidly evolving threats and fund increases and readiness to meet high operating tempo requirements. Before concluding, I'd like to mention, in the last month, we announced an 8.9% increase in our dividend. This marks the 13th consecutive year of increasing dividends at Raytheon. Our solid growth, operating performance, and strong alignment with our global customer needs provide us the flexibility to continue to execute our balanced capital deployment strategy. A key priority of this strategy continues to be paying a competitive, sustainable dividend. I would like to thank the Raytheon team for their dedication to delivering world-class solutions for our warfighters, as well as their commitment to creating value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Okay. Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the first quarter highlights. And then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would turn to page 3. We are pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the first quarter with bookings, sales and EPS better than our expectations. After this good start, we're raising our full year outlook for all three of these measures, which I'll discuss further in just a few minutes. We had solid bookings in the first quarter of $5.7 billion and sales in the quarter were $6 billion, up 3.4%, led by our IDS and SAS businesses. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.73 which I'll give a little more color on in just a moment. During the quarter, the company repurchased 2.7 million shares of common stock for $400 million. And as a reminder, effective January 1, 2017, we adopted the new revenue recognition standard. The 2016 results have been recast to reflect this change. Turning now to page 4. Let me start by providing some detail on our first quarter results. Company bookings for the first quarter were $5.7 billion, which were ahead of our expectations and down slightly from the same period last year. And on a trailing four quarter basis, our total book-to-bill ratio is 1.12. International awards represented 33% of the total bookings, an increase of approximately 14% over last year's first quarter. A couple of key bookings in the first quarter included the $1 billion award for the upgraded early warning radar for Qatar at IDS, $256 million for active electronically scanned array radars at SAS, and at missiles over $200 million on AIM-9X Sidewinder short-range air-to-air missiles. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $36.1 billion, an increase of approximately $1.9 billion or 5.5% compared to the first quarter 2016. It's worth noting that approximately 41% of our backlog is comprised of international programs. We now move to page 5. As I just mentioned, for the first quarter 2017, sales were higher than the guidance we set in January. Sales were particularly strong at both IDS and at SAS. We expect sales for the company to increase throughout the year with a strong second half driven by our bookings over the past several quarters. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had first quarter net sales of $1.4 billion. The increase from Q1 2016 was primarily driven by higher sales on an international early warning radar program. We expect IDS sales to increase through the year as some of our larger international programs continue to ramp up. In the first quarter, IIS had net sales of $1.5 billion. Compared with the same quarter last year the change, as expected, was primarily due to lower net sales on an international classified program which substantially completed in 2016. Missile Systems had net sales of $1.8 billion, up slightly compared with the same period last year. SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion. Higher sales on electronic warfare systems program contributed to the 8% increase versus last year. And for Forcepoint, sales were up about 4% in the quarter. Moving ahead to page 6, let me spend a few minutes talking about our margins. We delivered strong margin performance in the quarter. Our operating margin was 12.4% for the total company, up 180 basis points, and 11.8% on a business segment basis, an increase of 160 basis points. Margin improvement in the first quarter of 2017 was driven by favorable program mix with some of our largest international awards progressing through their lifecycle. And, as a reminder, in the first quarter of 2016, at IDS, we had a $36 million unfavorable program adjustment that impacted their margins. At Forcepoint, as expected, the first quarter 2017 operating margin was down for the quarter. This is due to the internal investment to support Forcepoint's long-term growth that we discussed on the earnings call in January. We remain focused on margin improvement going forward and see our business segment margins in the 12.4% to 12.6% range for the full year, consistent with the guidance we laid out in January. We also see our margin improving as we move throughout the year. Turning now to page 7. First quarter 2017 EPS of $1.73 was up 21% from last year's first quarter and was better than expected. This year-over-year increase was largely driven by higher volume and margin expansion. On page 8, as I mentioned earlier, we are updating the company's financial outlook for 2017 to reflect our improved performance to-date. We're increasing our full year 2017 net sales range by $100 million, which favorably impact EPS by about $0.04. This increase is driven by higher expected sales at our Missile Systems business. We now expect net sales to be in the range of between $24.9 billion and $25.4 billion. For the year, we expect sales to be up 3% to 5% from 2016. Earlier this month, we gave notice to redeem $591 million in notes that were due in March and December of 2018. As a result, in the second quarter of 2017, we expect to record a non-operating charge associated with the make-whole provision related to the early retirement of debt. This charge of approximately $40 million pre-tax or $26 million after-tax based upon current market conditions impacts EPS by $0.09 and has been included in our updated EPS guidance. We're also reducing the range of our interest expense to be between $196 million and $201 million to reflect this early retirement of debt. This is expected to reduce our interest expense primarily in both the third and fourth quarters worth about $0.04 to EPS compared to our prior guidance. We have slightly lowered our effective tax rate to reflect the improved benefit associated with stock-based compensation and various other items, which in total is worth about $0.06 for the full year. We now expect our full year effective tax rate to be approximately 31%. Looking at our EPS guidance, we exceeded the high-end of our guidance in the first quarter by $0.18. For the year, due to the strong first quarter operating performance, we are raising guidance by $0.05 after absorbing a net $0.05 financing charge that was not in our prior guidance. The remaining $0.08 is due to timing within the year. And as a result, we now expect our full year EPS to be in a range of between $7.25 and $7.40. As I discussed earlier, we repurchased 2.7 million shares of common stock for $400 million in the quarter and continue to see our diluted share count in the range of between 291 million and 293 million shares for 2017, a 2% reduction at the midpoint of the range. Operating cash flow in the first quarter was essentially in line with our prior expectations and was slightly impacted by the higher sales we saw in the first quarter. We continue to see our full year 2017 operating cash flow outlook between $2.8 billion and $3.1 billion. And, as you can see on page 9, we've included guidance by business, which reflects the higher net sales at Missile Systems that I mentioned earlier. Before moving on to page 10, as Tom mentioned earlier, we're now raising our full year 2017 bookings outlook to be between $25.5 billion and $26.5 billion. This $500 million increase is driven by demand from a broad base of domestic and international customers. On page 10, we provided you with our outlook for the second quarter of 2017. As we mentioned on our last call, we still expect the cadence for the balance of 2017 to play out similar to 2016 with sales, EPS and operating cash flow ramping up in the second half of the year. I want to point out that we expect second quarter sales to be in a range of $6.05 billion to $6.2 billion and EPS from continuing operations is expected to be in a range of $1.67 to $1.71. It's important to note that we expect the tax rate to be approximately 29.5% in the quarter, lower than the full year, primarily due to the timing of the benefit associated with stock-based compensation. Again, I want to reiterate that our second quarter EPS outlook includes an estimated unfavorable $40 million pre-tax or $0.09 EPS impact to non-operating income associated with the early retirement of debt. This charge will be recorded in other income and expense. Before concluding, I'd like to spend a minute on our balanced capital deployment strategy. As we said on the call in January, we expect the full year 2017 share buyback to approximate 2016's levels. And as mentioned earlier, we recently raised the dividend by 8.9%. We continue to expect to generate strong free cash flow for the year and target returning approximately 80% of free cash flow to shareholders, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. In summary, we saw a good performance in the first quarter. Our bookings were strong, sales and EPS from continuing operations were higher than the guidance we set in January and our operating cash flow remains on track for the year. With that, Tom and I will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: In the interest of time and to allow for broader participation, you are asked to limit yourself to one question. And the first question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Cai, are you there?
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Me?
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Hello, Cai.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Hello?
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Hi, Cai.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes. Can you hear me?
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Yes.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yes.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. So you mentioned the heightened global threat environment. Could you talk specifically about the opportunities first for additional orders for SM-3 and SM-6 from our Asian allies given the heightened threat from North Korea? And also in the Mid-East, your partner on THAAD, Lockheed, continues to talk about potential foreign order this year. It requires the TPY-2 and yet you're talking about not getting an order until next year.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Okay. Let me  okay. Actually both of those questions are very good news. The first question is on the SM-3 and SM-6. It ties into the readiness moving forward. I'm sure you've heard that one of the elements of Trump's defense policy is to make sure we have the appropriate readiness for our entire fighting forces, including the Navy, in this case, both the SM-3 and SM-6. So we're looking to see in terms of the overall readiness potentially some additional funds in the area of missiles to essentially replenish, but also to make sure they have enough of these systems to protect the fleet. On the other side of this, the other element you mentioned was the international. So, both the SM-3, for example, Block IIA has been co-developed with Japan. So, Japan will buy many of the SM-3 Block IIAs. On the SM-6, the U.S. government has authorized SM-6 to some of our coalition partners. And so we are working through that right now to determine how many they will buy over the next five years. Back over to your other question relative to THAAD, you're absolutely correct. We are a major player on THAAD. Our TPY-2 radars, for example, are a major element of that system. And there are multiple opportunities in the Middle East. For example, Qatar has said that they are interested in buying THAAD and also the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. And, right now, in our, I would say, conservative outlook, we have those occurring in 2018 and beyond. So, I think, that's exactly how we have it set today.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Please proceed.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Tom, in the press release as regards IDS, you talked about a favorable change in program mix contributing to the margins. I think that's the first time we've heard that in quite a while with regard to IDS. Can you just give a little bit more detail on the mix, where we stand today and how that's going to progress going forward? And what that means for margin? Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, for example, IDS, right now has a significant number of Patriot orders being accomplished in the factory. So we always talk about that  the lifecycle. When you get the orders in, you essentially reestablishing the factory line and moving forward, but right now, that factory line has been reestablished and has been very productive. And that's what you're seeing in terms of that flowing down to the improvement in the margins on that.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: And Tom or David, I'd just add the following from a big Patriot point of view with IDS. A lot of talk about their margins over the last couple years. I think as we closed out the back half of 2016, we saw the margins improving there as we had indicated they would. They are off to a solid start this year with regard to their Q1 margin. The rate they achieved in the quarter is just below the guidance for the year and they had strong sales. The margin  they did exceed in Q1, exceeded our expectations, primarily due to the earlier timing on some program improvements partly related to the mix. And when we look at the full year, at IDS, we expect to see margins improve a bit more because of the mix that you referred to and increased productivity. Recall as well that, in 2016, IDS did have the exit from the business venture. So when you look at IDS, excluding the impact, we would expect to see about 100 basis points of margin expansion that's reflected in our guidance for the year compared to last year normalized for the business exit. And we're pleased with the track that the business is on.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rob.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Tom, in your prepared comments, you had mentioned Forcepoint. So I was wondering what your perspectives are on the progress that business is making and whether you've had any indications from your partner that they may be looking to sell out.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: First of all, we are pleased with the performance of Forcepoint, I mean double-digit operating margins. Their growth was in line with our expectations. In fact, if you remove the web's filtering part of the business, which we're exiting, they achieved about 9% year-over-year growth. So, they're meeting our expectations. Because of some of the growth of that business, we are making some investments this year in terms of their infrastructure to be able to support an additional growth in the out-years. So bottom-line is that we're overall very happy with Forcepoint. We are seeing significant demand signal that's coming in that we've been preparing for, for the last two years. And that's in the area of insider threat, especially from the large and very large enterprises. And so we're very excited about that market, because we think we are the number one provider of solutions in the area of insider threat and data loss prevention. So, that's extremely good news for Forcepoint moving forward. Based on your other question relative to our partners, to-date our partners have not indicated any position relative to doing a put, for example, to exit the joint venture.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. And I think, Rob, just to kind of maybe complete and pile on a little bit what Tom said. From a margin perspective, the quarter was a little ahead of our expectations. It was at the high-end of our guidance for the year. One thing I would say the Q2 margin we do expect it to be down slightly from Q1, probably in the mid-single-digits, driven by a combination of some seasonality as well as, as I referred to in my opening comments, the timing of the investment that we see at the business there. So, I think that kind of sums up Forcepoint.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sam.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Tom, this is very helpful to beginning and talking about all of your sea and subsea business. But is there any way you can just put it all together and just tell us, I mean, what is the size of your business for the U.S. Navy and then if you can help us think about the timing as there has been a lot of discussion about more ships? And if we were to increase the rate of say destroyers, when does that actually affect you and when do you start to see that pick up?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, so real quick. I think a majority of our naval business  and I am going to just talk about the surface and undersea. Obviously, in the air part of the Navy, we have quite a bit of business relative to our solutions that we have on F-18s and other aircraft like the E-2D. But on the surface and undersea, on the surface side, it's the  our bigger contribution there is in the radars, in terms of AMDR, Air and Missile Defense, radar and the EASR. That's essentially going to be the two major radars for the entire surface fleet. Same on the missiles, the standard missile family, the SM-2s, SM-3s, SM-6s, the Tomahawks, the Rolling Airframe Missiles, the Enhanced Seasparrow Missiles, essentially all the protection for the ships and their entire capability. As you mentioned, there is a position on the Trump administration to increase the capability of the Navy. And there is the talks about increasing the number of ships from 275 to 355 ships. Obviously, if that happens, these systems I talked about are on those ships. We would see an uptick relative to requirements in demand signals for both the radars and the missiles if that went forward (31:48). In terms of total dollars...
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Last year, Sam, our Navy business in total was about 18% of our total revenue.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, Tom and Toby.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, Toby, maybe this is just kind of a housekeeping one. But there was  in the backlog there was about a $1 billion adjustment in Missile Systems. Could you provide a little more color on what that was?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So, I mean, it just effectively mapped, right, the relationship of their bookings in the quarter to the sales that they generated, nothing out of line there. At a total company level, as we indicated, the bookings in the quarter exceeded our expectations. But if you peel that back, Missiles' bookings were roughly that order of magnitude below their sales in the quarter. But for the total year, we expect them to be on track and have a slight increase on a year-over-year basis with their backlog. And just as a remainder, they've had some strong bookings over the last couple of years. Their book-to-bill, I think, last year was about 1.13, so nothing out of the norm there. Just the burn-off of revenue and lower than what they had been experienced  level of bookings, but nothing to be concerned about.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Myles.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: In the release, in SAS, I think one of the biggest areas  product lines where you saw pickup in bookings was in AESA radars for Air Force, and I imagine that's F-15 but you can correct me if I'm wrong. And I was hoping though in terms of the real question is give us some clarity on where the Air Force is with their F-16 AESA strategy, kind of where you sit, where the competition between yourselves and Northrop are, and kind of timeline. And if you can give us some color there, that'd be great. Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So, right now  and you're absolutely correct. That was an uptick in SAS relative to the F-15s and putting the AESA radars on the F-15. So right now, that's what we're pursuing moving forward is both the F-15s and the F-18s in terms of the AESA radars both domestically and internationally. Some of the uptick on the F-15 is due to the proposed buy in Qatar for the F-15s. And so we are obviously supporting that. One of the things that I'd also like to bring up in terms of Qatar and the F-15 buy is this is the first buy for Qatar for, I would call it, a U.S. fighter aircraft. And so along with that comes the whole support for all of the missiles that the F-15 uses. So not only do we get an uptick on the radars, but we also get a significant uptick in establishing a weapons program for Qatar to support the F-15 system.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Tom, some  good morning. Tom, some of your peers this quarter have talked kind of broadly about the tradeoff going forward between growth and profitability and some of the competitions that they see out ahead maybe inhibiting margin expansion going forward, but would obviously be important to win. I wonder how you talk about  if you could talk about how you see that tradeoff for Raytheon going forward from here.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Let me talk about that, because it's something that we discuss quite a bit in the company. And just like with our capital deployment, we take a balanced approach in terms of growth and profitability. The bottom line is we need both. We need both top-line growth and margin expansion. And so, we have the whole company focused on both of those elements. On the growth side, I think you've seen what we've done here over the last several years, especially relative to our international expansion. It turns out that international also is our  a lot of our higher margin business is international. So those two things, the growth in international business and the growth in margins goes hand-in-hand with that. We also look domestically. We look to participate in growth in these new programs, especially ones that are, I would call it, new franchises, programs that have long legs that we can infuse technology in over the years to keep that franchise moving, but also has legs into the international market. And so for programs that have both a long lifecycle and also international, we do support ensuring that we make the right investments to go in those programs moving forward.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much. Tom, possibly to follow up on the last question, one of the hotspots in the world is also air defense systems, as we've seen with Patriot in Australia and in other markets, and Qatar to some degree. Could you talk a little bit of how you manage risk and how you see other opportunities, especially with respect to there's more (37:41) in Australia and also upgrading of Patriot?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Let me talk about that. We are, in terms of demand signals, we're getting demand signals from three different areas on our Integrated Air and Missile Defense Solutions. First is Europe and you've heard about the demand from Poland. There is two other countries in Europe that are seriously considering a Patriot buy that we are working. Once we move into the MENA region, obviously, we're completing work with the Qatar on the Patriot, but also the early warning radar to Integrated Air and Missile Defense type systems. But also, in Qatar, we're also doing something called an ADOC, Air Defense Operating Center (sic) [Air and Missile Defense Operations Center] (38:21), which ties together all of the Integrated Air and Missile Defense capabilities of that nation. And it's also a new product line for us that we will be taking into the rest of the MENA region and also back into Europe. And as I  and the next region I'm going to talk about is the Asia-Pacific region. Now, obviously with the North Korean threat there's been a significant uptick in demand signal from multiple countries, obviously, South Korea, Japan and then to a certain degree Taiwan, Taiwan for a little bit of a different reason with another country. But, in any case, it's all about Integrated Air and Missile Defense. It's all about protecting the sovereignty of these nations and keeping their citizens safe. And the Integrated Air and Missile Defense Solutions that we have do that.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Finbar Sheehy with Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
Finbar Thomas Sheehy - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Finbar Thomas Sheehy - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Maybe we could talk about capital deployment just for a moment. You've said you're going to be buying back  retiring debt. You've talked about plans to buy back stock and you are raising the dividend. Can you talk to us about how you think about the tradeoff between in particular retiring debt versus returning cash to shareholders, especially given that your top-line is growing, which presumably would allow you to carry the debt?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So, let me hit that a couple ways. I think given everything that you just laid out, what I think is important we're going forward with the early retirement of debt under our balanced capital deployment. And that still assumes, which has been our stated objective now for a couple of years of returning about 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. And I think in my opening comments I reaffirmed that. We did buy back the $400 million of stock in the first quarter. We're on track to reduce the shares outstanding by about 2% at the midpoint of our range. And as Tom mentioned in his comments, for the 13th year in a row, we raised our dividend this year by 8.9%. As it relates to the retirement of debt, the debt that we're retiring is out there at about 6.5%. We're going to finance that, if you will, with a combination of cash on hand and commercial paper and rates on CP around 1%. And we're doing this because this approach allows us to do a couple things, lower interest expense, clearly maintain our financial flexibility, especially ahead of potential tax reform and what that could mean for us. I think, overall, more importantly, it doesn't change our philosophy around our balanced capital deployment, including the 80% of free cash going back to shareholders. And it also does not reflect the change in the view of how we view our balance sheet, which, as I mentioned earlier, remains very strong and gives us flexibility.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please proceed.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Pete.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, Tom. On Patriot, I was just wondering on the Poland one, the schedule and the sizing. When you say up to $5 billion to Raytheon, how many barriers does that include and is there kind of optionality built into that contract? And you mentioned the other two European opportunities, I'm pretty sure Romania is one of them. I was wondering if could size those other two opportunities as well.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Let me talk about the Poland Patriot first. So, right now, it's going on as Poland has submitted an LOR for something called LOA. It's essentially to get approval for to buy the Patriot system. That is going through a negotiation process with the U.S. government. But in case of the total impact to Raytheon, it's north of $4 billion. And then it also adds another member to the Patriot family. So it takes us to 14 countries that have Patriot, which is  actually is good for us in terms of expanding the Patriot market. The other element is you mentioned other countries. I'm not going to name any other countries, but there is two other countries that are working through a process to acquire a Patriot also. And we are obviously working with the U.S. government to ensure that we can expedite those as fast as possible.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yes. Just a comment I see it put in funded backlog. I assume that will be in the Q, Toby?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. I can give you that, George. Funded backlog at the end of Q1 was $24.6 billion. That's about 68% of our total backlog. And that's in the range that we typically see it out. It typically runs 60% to 70% of total. The reason we didn't put it in, as I mentioned earlier, we did adopt a new revenue recognition standard in Q1. And we've adjusted our reporting, including around backlog, to align with the new standard. But we're still tracking it and we'll provide it, if folks are interested.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Matt.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Could you help me understand what drove the working capital build in the quarter? And one of your defense peers also had a little bit larger of a build here in 1Q. So is that something structurally you're seeing or what's the timing of working that down over the remainder of the year?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Yeah. Let me kind of hit that from two or three different angles here to make sure I give it the right context. So, obviously with the guidance we'd given in January of zero to $100 million, we were expecting our overall operating cash flow to be relatively low  lower than last year. And that was all driven by the cadence around the working capital. For one thing, recall, we really exceeded our cash flow expectations for 2016 by about $300 million, which otherwise, from a timing point of view, all tied to collections, would have been beneficial to Q1. And we'll always take the cash earlier, right? So we saw what was lining up here for the quarter. It really is all due to the timing of collections that are tied to the timing of pre-determined or negotiated contract milestones with each of our particular contracts. And also, we're continuing to grow and we're ramping up to support some of that growth. If you want to think of it from a total year point of view, I'd expect that to continue to build over the next couple quarters into Q2 and Q3 and then we would come back down in the fourth quarter. And, again, to try to help you size that a little bit, we will come back down, it will below the levels we're at for  somewhere between the levels we're at at Q1 and where we were at the end of 2016. And, again, really tied primarily to the timing of payments related to executing contract milestones. From a  translate that to cash flow, I'll just throw in there, for Q2, we expect cash flow  strong cash flow, operating cash flow above $700 million. And as we said earlier, we feel confident in the total year outlook of the $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. This is Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: We can't hear you. Can you speak up a little bit, please?
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys. It's Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron. There was a slight uptick in receivables sequentially. Has there been any changes in payment terms from international customers, particularly in the Middle East?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: No. We've seen pretty consistent terms here for the last year or two and from a terms' point of view not seen anything different.
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And also, maybe a different question, there has been discussion of a possible safe zone or a no fly zone in Syria. If we move towards this direction, can you discuss opportunities you would expect to see?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: I think the tempo in Syria is pretty up right now. And we are seeing significant demand signaled to provide solutions and keep up with the replenishment requirements. So I think that's about it.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Good morning. I wanted to ask two quick things. Toby, first of all, if you could just give us the cadence for the free cash flow for the rest of the year. And then I had a question on GBSD, Tom. And with this major program and the primes getting set up for that, how are your teamed and what kind of capabilities will you offer?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Rob, obviously, I'll take the first one. As I just said, we're confident in our outlook for the cash flow for the year. We do expect to see about $700 million in Q2 with the rest of the year playing out or following a cadence that is roughly in line with prior years but with the majority of the cash flow weighted in the second half and even then more into Q4 driven by the program milestones and deliveries that I just referred to.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: On your second question, the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent, or as you said, the GBSD program, it will replace the Minuteman III missiles and the associated command and control systems and that goes all the way out to about 2028. And the program is structured right now so that there will be a risk reduction contract, two primes, and that's going to be expected sometime here in 2017, then followed by a final down select to a single prime in 2020. Right now, our strategy is we are engaging with multiple teams and seeing where our best solution is relative to being able to make one of these primes a winner. And so we're working through that process right now (49:30) to find who will be the person, or the company we'll be working with.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please proceed.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Jason.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I just wanted to chat briefly about  have you chat briefly about the international contracting environment, kind of what you've experienced over the last couple of years, what you're experiencing today and kind of what you expect going forward, particularly focused on the contract vehicles or the contract types. And maybe give us a sense of the mix with regard to firm fixed price contracts, particularly on the development side. As you're probably well aware, we've had some of your competitors that have been struggling of late with some fixed price development contracts. So, I think it would be helpful for us to all get a sense of where you sit today with regard to international, and from fixed price development contracts, what percentage of your backlog, which is at about 40% international, is from fixed price development and how you guys are working your way through that. Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Let me take that on, because some of your question was philosophy and some of your questions, I think, were percentages. So, first of all, we've been operating in the countries we're operating today in some cases for over 51 years and our overall type of contracts that we have break down into two parts. First of all, one is, some of them are foreign military sales and the other ones are direct commercial sales. And the foreign military sales  we treat that just like we treat all our domestic type contracts, because the terms and conditions essentially are the same as we deal with any domestic program. So, that takes us to the direct commercial sales. So on the direct commercial sales, we have a mix of essentially all the contracts. The majority of them are firm fixed price and majority of them are production type deliveries. So we are going back to the factory, the same factory line that we build our domestic products on and we're essentially just delivering product out of those production lines to these international customers. Some cases customers do have a request for some modification, something that's unique. For example, on the Patriot system, sometimes they want a different truck by a different manufacturer. And in that case there, we do the work that is  puts the gear on the different trucks. It's a usually fairly low risk. We've done it multiple times. And so, we have the playbook and we do very well on those programs. There are some other programs out there that we have which are, I would call, more on the development side. When we approach those, we do it from a risk position. We ensure we understand the risks. We try to quantify them and we work to essentially minimize any downside on those contracts. And they are  we monitor them on a very frequent basis.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Noah.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Just wanted to go back to this working capital topic, because I thought you guys have been talking about a few hundred million dollar improvement in working capital pretty recently for the year. And it sounds like you're now saying actually maybe a few hundred million dollar use. So, it seems like a pretty big reversal. Do I have that correct? And is it a commentary on being able to find improvements or is it a commentary on your growth profile changing since you last saw that (53:37)?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So again the profile  as I just described a little bit a while ago, not anything really new than what we were counting on. By year-end, as I said, the absolute balances from where they are here in Q1, they will be lower, okay. But part of it is  a little bit of it is the growth aspect of it and the growth profile. And we're going to continue to work to drive down working capital. There is always kind of the things that fall December versus January. So there are some opportunities that we're working on that we're looking at that could potentially get accelerated into 2017 and provide a better outlook, similar to what happened at the end of 2016.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But, Toby, do I have it correct that you were previously saying working capital would be $100 million plus source of cash?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. I think when you go  if you go back to the outlook for January  and I know we gave a range right for just using cash as a surrogate for the working capital to $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion. What we were saying is that when you normalize for the discretionary contribution that we made last year, free cash last year would have been  I'm sorry, operating cash last year would have been $3.4 billion. The decrease this year was driven by the net pension effect of higher required contributions. And we said that we thought working capital could be flattish to maybe nominally favorable. And we still could end up in that range there, but because of the growth that is maybe a little bit more pressure. But you're thinking of it relatively correctly.
Operator: And your next question  it comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yeah. Tom, I just wanted to look at Forcepoint a little bit. I mean the last quarter really organic growth that we had was the third quarter. The fourth quarter was week. This quarter is weak. And obviously that reflect your comment that you'd start investing in the fourth quarter. So my question is what technology  or what happened to slow the organic growth? You must have lost to a competitor and now you're figuring out how to fix it with more investment. If you could just provide a little more color on that. Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: No. I'll hit first and then Toby can come in with some more detail. So, first of all, the year-over-year growth was about 4%. But if you take away the web filtering which we are exiting, the year-over-year growth is 9%. And what we're doing now is we're trying to drive that growth into double-digit margins. One of the areas in terms of that was to support the infrastructure. So there is an investment this year on that infrastructure and also in some enhancements to a couple of products. The one product that we're getting significant demand signal from is our insider threat data loss prevention software capability. And so  and it's really relative to a draw from the VLEs and LEs. And that's kind of the overall picture how I look at Forcepoint. I believe they have significant upside potential. We're driving that potential and we're making the right investments this year to go get there.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Okay. Great. All right. That's all we have time for today. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We look forward to speak with you again on our second quarter conference call in July. Shelley?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co. Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co. Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.
Analysts: George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Peter J. Arment - Baird Equity Research Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. . I'd like to advise all parties, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And now I'd like to hand over to Todd.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, Steve. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning and the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives, and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone. We had another great year in 2016, as we continue to execute our growth strategy and delivered solid program performance. Let me start by touching on some of our financial highlights. Our bookings were up over 10% year over year and reached a new company record of $27.8 billion. Our total backlog was up 6%, a key metric to consider as you think about our future growth. Sales increased 3.5% for the year driven by both domestic and international. I would also add that this is the company's best sales growth rate since 2009. EPS exceeded our expectations for the quarter and the year, and cash flow was much better than we had expected. This allowed us to make a significant discretionary pension contribution in the fourth quarter, while retaining continued flexibility for our balanced capital deployment strategy. Toby will review additional details about the quarter and 2017 guidance in a few minutes. In 2016, demand from our global customers was strong throughout the year. The main drivers continue to be the three key areas that we've mentioned on prior calls: number one, counterinsurgency, counterterrorism; number two, deterrence; and number three, the need for our customers to respond to increasingly sophisticated and rapidly evolving threats. Our diversified and resilient portfolio of advanced solutions positions us well to help our global customers address threats in these areas. Further, we continue to invest in developing new and updating existing technologies to ensure we remain well aligned with the future requirements of our domestic and international customers. As I mentioned, our bookings were up 10% during 2016. The key driver behind this was primarily growth within our domestic business. Domestic bookings were broad based and increased 18% over 2015 levels, which drove a domestic book-to-bill ratio of 1.19 for the year. It's worth mentioning two key areas where we saw notable increases: classified and customer funded R&D, also known as CRAD. Our domestic classified bookings in 2016 increased 28% compared to 2015 and reached an all-time company record level. And for the year, domestic classified represented 17% of total company bookings. This was driven in a large part by the need of our domestic customers to address advanced threats. And for CRAD, we saw a nearly 50% increase in bookings in 2016. This is important because CRAD, along with our internal research and development funds technology development that is integral to our long-term growth. To that end, I'd like to point out one of the more significant CRAD bookings we received last year. In the fourth quarter, DARPA awarded us a $170 million contract for Phase 2 of the Hypersonic Air-breathing Weapon Concept, also known as HAWC. This award is for the design, development and flight test of a Mach 5 plus capable system that is affordable and more survivable than existing systems in an increasingly complex threat environment. The HAWC opportunity is a great example of how we leverage our capabilities to compete for early stage development programs that position us well in long-term growth markets. In our international business, bookings were $8.2 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.08 for the full year. At year end, international backlog was 41% of our total backlog. We continue to see demand signals from customers in the MENA, Asia-Pacific and European regions for a broad range of our capabilities, including missile defense solutions, precision munitions, and sensors. For example, international bookings for our Patriot Integrated Air and Missile Defense solutions reached approximately $1 billion in the fourth quarter alone and approximately $2 billion for the year. This was driven by several of our customers either upgrading their existing capabilities or adding new capabilities to deter threats. Beyond Patriot, we had bookings for precision munitions in missiles such as Paveway, AMRAAM, SM-3 and AIM-9X. And for sensors, bookings for both airborne ISR capabilities and tactical airborne AESA radars were strong in 2016. Our 2016 sales growth of 3.5% was driven by a 2.6% increase in domestic and a 5.6% increase in international. I would also add that this was the 13th consecutive year of international sales growth and reflects the continued successful evolution and execution of our international strategy. For the full year, international reached just over 31% of our total revenue. As we look to the future, we see a number of our key opportunities across the company in both domestic and international markets which should drive another year with a book-to-bill ratio above 1. Some key domestic opportunities include missile defense systems, training, Standard Missile, AMRAAM and TOW, as well as continued strong domestic classified. On the international front, Qatar signed an LOA for a $1 billion early warning radar system in December and we now expect a booking within the next couple of months at IDS. Further, we see additional demand for a range of weapon systems, including AMRAAM, Paveway, and Phalanx, as well as additional opportunities for airborne sensors. We also see a potential booking for Poland Patriot as well as an additional Patriot opportunity for another customer in the European region either late this year or in early 2018. Providing additional longer-term opportunities for our Missile Systems business, you may have seen the announcement earlier this month that the U.S. Department of Defense approved the release of the Standard Missile-6 to several international customers. The SM-6 is an attractive option for many of these customers as it provides over-the-horizon protection against fixed and rotary wing aircraft, UAVs, cruise missiles, as well as ballistic missiles in the terminal phase of flight. Furthermore, last year the missile was also successfully tested for anti-ship capability, demonstrating multifunction capabilities of the missile. The growing domestic base supported by a hot production line and now the opportunity to expand internationally, SM-6 is a great example of one of our many franchise programs at the company. Turning now to our 2017 outlook. We are expecting sales growth of 3% to 5% and solid margin performance. We remain focused on reducing our costs and improving efficiencies so we can provide our global customers with affordable solutions, while at the same time creating value for our shareholders. Further, our cash flow outlook remains strong and this gives us flexibility to continue to support a balanced capital deployment strategy. Within this strategy, our number one priority remains investing in ourselves. Last year our internal investments in capital expenditures increased over 2015 levels in order to support our future growth and productivity initiatives across the company. We expect capital expenditures to also be higher in 2017, as we expand our Arizona operations by adding new high technology production facilities to meet the growth demands and Missile Systems. This expansion will support the addition of nearly 2,000 jobs over a five year period. On this last point, the company plans to hire workers at all skill levels with an emphasis on manufacturing, engineering and other higher wage technical positions. This is just one example where our solid position in growth markets drives local investment and high value job creation. After investing in ourselves, we have been and will continue to return capital to our shareholders through a competitive and sustainable dividend and a reduction in our shares outstanding, market conditions permitting. So in conclusion, we had another great year. Our global team built on Raytheon's return to growth in 2015 by continuing our momentum, which resulted in an even stronger growth year in 2016. I want to thank all of our employees for their commitment, focus and performance. Their outstanding work on behalf of our customers, company and shareholders positions us well for continued growth and the opportunities ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the fourth quarter and full-year results, then I'll discuss our outlook for 2017. After that, we'll open up the call for questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning which are posted on our website. Okay. Would everyone please moved to page three. We are pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in both the fourth quarter and the full year, with bookings, EPS, and operating cash flow all better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the fourth quarter at $7.6 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.21. And for the year, we had record bookings of $27.8 billion, resulting in a 6% growth to our year-end 2016 backlog. This sets the stage for continued growth in 2017, which I'll discuss in more detail in just a few minutes. Sales were $6.2 billion in the quarter, down slightly from last year. As we pointed out on our third quarter conference call, the fourth quarter of 2016 had four fewer workdays than the comparable period in 2015 which had an impact to sales of approximately $100 million per day. For the year, sales were up 3.5%, ending at $24.1 billion. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.84 for the quarter and $7.44 for the full year, which I will give a little more color on in a few minutes. We also generated strong operating cash flow of $1.1 billion for the quarter and $2.9 billion for the year, which included a $500 million pre-tax discretionary pension contribution that was not in our prior guidance. Additionally, during the quarter the company repurchased 700,000 shares of common stock for $100 million, bringing the full-year 2016 repurchases to 6.9 million shares for about $900 million. We reduced our share count in 2016 by 3%. Would also like to point out that in addition to the $900 million I just mentioned, the company also repurchased an additional $96 million of shares surrendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligation in connection with stock awards. The company ended the year with a solid balance sheet and net debt of approximately $1.9 billion. Turning now to page four, let me go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full-year results. As I mentioned earlier, we had strong bookings of $7.6 billion in the quarter and a record $27.8 billion for the full year, resulting in a year-end backlog of $36.9 billion. This is an increase of $2.2 billion over year-end 2015 and provides us with a solid foundation for 2017. It's worth noting that both Missile Systems and SAS had outstanding bookings performance for the full-year 2016. For the quarter, international orders represented 38% of our total company bookings and for the full year were 29% of total bookings. And as Tom mentioned earlier, at the end of 2016, approximately 41% of our total backlog was international. Turning now to page five, we had fourth quarter sales of $6.2 billion, lower than our prior expectations, primarily due to the timing on some large international awards at IDS. It's worth noting that international sales continue to be strong, representing 31% of our total sales for both the fourth quarter and full year of 2016. So looking at the businesses, IDS had net sales of $1.4 billion in the quarter, down from the same period last year, primarily due to lower net sales on an international communications program and on the Air Warfare Destroyer program. And again, it's important to point out that the timing of some international awards that we had expected in the back end of 2016 unfavorably impacted IDS sales in the quarter. Net sales at both IIS and Missile Systems in the fourth quarter were relatively flat compared with the same period last year. SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion in Q4. The increase was primarily driven by higher net sales on an electronic warfare systems contract and classified programs. And for Forcepoint, the increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Stonesoft, which was completed in the first quarter of 2016. For the full year, the company's sales were $24.1 billion, up approximately 3.5% over full-year 2015. Both our international and domestic businesses contributed to this sales growth. Moving ahead to page six, we delivered solid operational performance in the quarter and for the full year. Looking at business margins in the quarter, IDS had solid margins of 15.6% in the quarter but had a tough comparison. As a reminder, IDS had $53 million of operating income from a favorable contract modification to restructure the Air Warfare Destroyer program in the fourth quarter of 2015. IDS, IIS, Missile Systems, and SAS margins all met or exceeded the guidance that we provided back in October. Turning to page seven. We had solid operating margin performance for the year. Total company segment margins were 12.7%, which was consistent with our expectations. On page eight, you'll see both the fourth quarter and full year EPS. In the fourth quarter 2016 our EPS was $1.84 and for the full year was $7.44. EPS for the quarter was strong and above the guidance we provided you in October. It's worth noting that as a result of the $500 million pre-tax discretionary pension plan contribution that we made in the fourth quarter of 2016, there was an unfavorable tax related impact of $0.04 because the contribution lowered the benefit of our domestic manufacturing tax deduction. This lowered EPS and was not included in our prior guidance. Now turning to page nine. Before moving on to our 2017 guidance, it's important to note as we discussed on our prior earnings conference call, that effective January 1, 2017, we adopted the new revenue recognition standard. And although the impact of adopting the new standard on our 2015 and 2016 net sales and operating income was not material, to assist you with your modelling and for comparison purposes, we provided the recast data in the attachments at the end of the earnings release. And just to be clear, as I discuss our 2017 guidance going forward, I will be comparing to the recast 2016 amounts, which reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. Now moving to our 2017 guidance. We see sales in the range of between $24.8 billion and $25.3 billion, up 3% to 5% from 2016. The increase is driven by growth in both our domestic and international businesses. Our 2017 outlook for the deferred revenue adjustment is $33 million and for the amortization of acquired intangibles is $127 million. As for pension, we see the 2017 FAS/CAS adjustment at a positive $428 million, which I'll discuss in just a minute. We expect net interest expense to be between $216 million and $221 million. We see our average diluted shares outstanding to be between 291 million and 293 million on a full-year basis, a reduction of approximately 2%, driven by the continuation of our share repurchase program. We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 31.5%, which I'll cover in a little more detail in just a moment. In 2017, we see our EPS to be in the range of $7.20 to $7.35, which is up when you compare to 2016, excluding the TRS transaction, which added $0.53 to 2016 results. Our operating cash flow from continuing operations for 2017 is expected to be between $2.8 billion and $3.1 billion compared to $2.9 billion in 2016. As we sit here today, we don't anticipate making a discretionary contribution to our pension plans in 2017. As we previously mentioned, we did make a $500 million discretionary contribution in 2016. When you look at our cash flow before this contribution, our overall operating cash flow is about $400 million better than our prior expectations for 2016 and 2017 combined. Before moving on to page 10, I would like to mention that we expect our 2017 bookings to be between $25 billion and $26 million, driven by demand from a broad base of domestic and international customers. And we expect stronger bookings in the second half of the year, similar to prior years. On page 10, I want to spend a minute talking about our 2017 effective tax rate. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 31.5% in 2017. Our tax rate in 2017 is higher than 2016 primarily due to the tax-free gain on the TRS transaction that we completed in 2016, worth about 180 basis points, and a reduction in the expected excess tax deduction from stock-based compensation, which is worth about 80 basis points. So if you move to page 11, here we have provided our initial 2017 guidance by business. At the midpoint of the sales range, we expect to see growth in our IDS, Missile Systems, SAS, and Forcepoint businesses in 2017. We expect IIS sales to decline slightly in 2017 compared with 2016. As we've discussed before, this is driven by the planned ramp down on the Warfighter FOCUS program. Excluding Warfighter FOCUS, we expect IIS to grow in the low single digit range, driven by domestic cyber security and special mission programs. With respect to segment margins, consistent with our prior comments, we expect 2017 margins to continue to be solid, in the 12.4% to 12.6% range. This is up when you compare to 2016 excluding the TRS transaction, which was worth about 70 basis points. At IDS we see margins in the 15.5% to 15.7% range, which is also up from 2016 excluding the impact of the TRS transaction. This change from 2016 is driven by favorable program mix as we ramp up on some recently awarded programs and increase productivity, driven by efficiencies from our investments in factory automation and equipment upgrades. We expect IIS margins of 7.4% to 7.6%. This is in line year over year. We see missiles margins in the 13.1% to 13.3% range, up slightly compared with 2016. SAS margins are also expected to be in the 13.1% to 13.3% range, consistent with 2016. And at Forcepoint, we expect margins to be in the 10% to 11% range. This is a decrease from 2016 due to an expected $25 million internal investment to support Forcepoint's long-term growth. If you now move to page 12, we've provided you with our outlook for the first quarter of 2017. We expect the cadence for the balance of 2017 to play out similar to 2016 with sales and operating cash flow ramping up in the second half of the year. We expect EPS to follow a similar cadence when you exclude the impact from the tax free gain from the second quarter 2016 TRS transaction. And on page 13, as we have done in the past, we've provided a summary of the financial impact from pensions in 2016 as well as the projected impact for 2017 through 2019, holding all assumptions constant. As I mentioned earlier, we see the 2017 FAS/CAS adjustment at a positive $428 million, which reflects our investment returns in 2016 of 6% on our U.S. pension assets, the December 31 discount rate of 4.4% and the long-term return on asset assumption of 7.5%. As you know, after our third quarter earnings call, market conditions led to a sharp increase to the discount rate, which ended down just 10 basis points from year-end 2015. Looking beyond 2017, keep in mind that each 25 basis points change in the discount rate at December 31, 2017, drives a $70 million to $80 million change in FAS/CAS for 2018. And as we discussed on the call in October, we reduced our long-term return on asset assumption from 8% to 7.5%, driven by recent capital market expectations. And finally on page 14, we have provided an updated three-year outlook of the acquisition accounting adjustments to help you with your long-term modeling. Please note that you will see a significant decline in the deferred revenue adjustment over the period, as expected. Before concluding, as we discussed on past earning calls, with regard to our capital deployment strategy, we expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet at our current credit rating going forward. We remain focused on deploying capital to create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investments to support our growth plans as well as returning capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, making small targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs, and from time to time making discretionary contributions to our pension plans. Let me conclude by saying that in 2016 Raytheon again delivered strong operating performance with bookings, earnings and operating cash flow all ahead of expectations. Sales grew 3.5% and our backlog was up significantly. We have a solid balance sheet, which gives us flexibility and options to continue to drive shareholder value, and we are well positioned to grow in 2017 and beyond, both in our international and domestic business. So with that, we'll open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And your first question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yes. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, George.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Toby, I want to pursue a little bit the same thing I had last quarter. If I look at your bookings, they're $3.77 billion above sales. Yet if I look at total backlog, it's only up $2.2 billion. So, why shouldn't I conclude that either some of these bookings haven't made it into backlog or some have been cancelled, which would explain the continued miss in the IDS revenues?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So first I can tell you anything that we reported as a booking has made it into our backlog, so that's part one. Regarding the rest of the question, as I mentioned in my comments, we're pleased with the backlog growth, up 6% over 2015. We saw a 3% increase at the end of 2015 as well. What is happening or what you're seeing, and we've talked about this before, is the effect of backlog adjustments. We did see $300 million of backlog adjustments in this quarter. The majority of these or most of these are the results of cost underruns on domestic cost type programs. From time to time we also see some smaller impacts related to scope changes and currency fluctuations. And if you look at it from a total year point of view, as you did, that difference or that gap that you're trying to bridge is all related to the backlog adjustments. I can also tell you none of it relates to cancellations including any international orders. So we don't have a concern there. The sales miss, just to kind of play towards the rest of your question, the sales miss at IDS had nothing to do with anything that was canceled. It's purely timing. Nothing went away. Some of the larger orders, like the Qatar EWR that was mentioned earlier, that just moved from the fourth quarter into here over the award expected over the next couple months, and it's nothing more than that.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yes, but still, Toby, if I look at IDS revenue guidance for this year, it's actually lower than the revenue guidance you had for IDS in 2016. So it's not like you are making up on these deferrals. There's something that's missing there.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: So you got to keep in mind, right, when a program moves to the right, the whole program moves, right. And so just use the EWR as an example, right, we'd expected that award here in at the end of, back at the end of 2016. Would have had a few months worth of revenue recorded in 2016. And then in 2017 you would have been into make it up months three through 15 on the program. Now we're only going to be recording months one through 10, let's say, or one through nine. So it's just that everything is shifting to the right. Regarding IDS, we are showing, if you look at the range of the revenue guidance for 2017, somewhere between a 3% to 7% growth or up in the mid to single digits. It is driven by international as we continue to ramp up on some of the larger awards, the international radar awards and Patriot programs, as well as Qatar EWR. And we do have some programs that, as planned, would be ramping down, but we feel good about the mid single digit growth for IDS. And again, nothing has gone away or been lost. It's just a matter of timing.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason Gursky from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah, good morning everyone.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Jason.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Tom, I was wondering if you could just spend a few minutes talking a little bit about Forcepoint and the dynamics going on there. Looks like sales growth going into 2017 is maybe decelerating a little bit, maybe a bit behind your long-term growth rate for the business. And you just mentioned a $25 million investment that you want to make in the business for long-term growth. So, just some updated thoughts on Forcepoint, both for the near term and the long-term story there. Thanks, guys.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, let me just start off. I'll start it off and I'll hand it off to Toby for some additional color. Forcepoint in our mind is meeting our expectations. In fact, I was just at their sales kickoff. We have restructured that business after the acquisitions. We have a solid strategy in place for the business. We have brought in a new CEO last year, Matt Moynahan, along with a strong CFO for that business. And so I believe we're off to a great start in 2017. One of the key elements that we were working on in 2016 was the transfer from mostly I would call it a small to medium enterprise type customer base, to a large enterprise, a very large enterprise customer base. And we had some significant uptick in being able to achieve bookings and sales with large enterprises and very large enterprises last year. And that looks like that's continuing into 2017. So it's following our strategy there to essentially take Forcepoint to the next level relative to its market area. The other element is we've also improved several of its products and solution sets in the marketplace. As you probably know, cyber threat is not getting less. It's getting more. And we've developed some new products, especially relative to behavioral analytics, that we believe will be very unique to the marketplace, but also something that can help sustain businesses in terms of their attacks against the whole cyber threat area. I'll -- then I'll turn it over to Toby. We are making investment next year. One of the things, the struggles that we had is the business has gone from  to about $250 million a year revenue, and we ended this 2016 at about close to $600 million in revenue. So we're doing some infrastructure upgrades to be able to support that size of a business.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, so, Jason, and just on the, translate a little bit what Tom said from the results for the year end and looking ahead. So, the sales for the fourth quarter and there for the year, they were a little bit below our expectations. The good news is that the business hit our expectations from a bookings point of view, and they just had some mix issues, right, where it flowed through and resulted in lower profit within the quarter based upon fewer perpetual contracts and more subscription contracts, okay. So it was just a mix issue where the year ended up. Looking forward to 2017, low double digit top-line growth, 10% to 11% margin. The $25 million investment that Tom talked about is about 300, 350 basis points impact on margin. So normalized for that, maybe closer to 14%. That said, looking forward on a longer-term basis, we continue to expect double digit growth going forward. We believe the investment in the business in 2017 sets us up well for continued double digit growth and margins. So, I think we're still on track. Recall we made this investment from the longer-term, right, about looking to the future and a growth perspective. And as Tom mentioned, in a couple years, this is becoming a $600 million plus cyber security business, and we're pleased with the performance and the outlook for the business.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you very much. So, to get back to George's question, so your booking guidance of $25 billion to $26 billion, if I recall in the third quarter, I think you said you expected bookings in 2017 to at least equal sales, if I'm not mistaken. And now you've had a slip of $1 billion of Qatar in, and it looks like the book-to-bill is slightly positive. And that's before any of these backlog adjustments. So A, is there any slippage of some business you expected in 2017 that's moved out to the right, and B, should we look for the backlog adjustment to be a negative, therefore suggesting that backlog may be relatively stagnant over the year?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Cai, so keep in mind, notwithstanding the early warning radar that moved into 2017, we did come in nearly $1 billion higher than the high end of our booking outlook for 2016, okay. And that resulted in the strong 1.16 book-to-bill. We said think of 2017 in roughly 1 to 1.05 book-to-bill. When you look at the two years together, obviously the simple average there, about 1.08. Very strong. Will we have some backlog adjustments in 2017? I'm sure we will. We don't anticipate they'd be at the level that they were here that we saw in 2016. And net-net we'd expect to see backlog growth in 2017.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Morning. I wonder if you guys could talk a little bit and quantify the increase in the CapEx that you are expecting for 2017, and then talk about the trajectory in the out years.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, so we ended 2016 around $625 million in CapEx and software spending. As we talked about, it is going to go up in 2017. I think the way to think of it is in a range of maybe $650 million to $695 million for both capital and software combined. We're increasing our spending as the business grows with investments in our infrastructure and high technology production facilities, as Tom mentioned in his opening remarks. We're also continuing to invest in demonstration capabilities and factory automation, again to position us for both growth and productivity improvements. We are seeing some of the results of that, those improvements from a productivity point of view in our factory automation. And we strongly believe we're making investments in the right places that will yield future benefit. Looking beyond 2017, to the other part of your question, I would expect the expenditure level to be in line with where we are in 2017.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, Good morning gentlemen.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning Carter.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Morning.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And go Falcons, huh? Maybe not.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hey, hey, hey.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Hey.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess we'll see. I had a couple questions. Toby, first on the upside in the cash and where that came from. You highlighted a couple hundred million over the two-year period. I don't know if you could tell us what the elements were there that drove that. And then the second one, there's clearly been some discussion around border adjustment for tax and export sales. And I don't know if you had a view on how that would impact international defense revenues, FMS versus DCS. Any views you have there or color you could share with us would be helpful? Thanks.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yes, so on the cash, what I said is if you take a look at 2016 and 2017 combined, prior to the discretionary, we're about $400 million better than what we had guided for 2016. And then the indications that we gave for 2017 back on the October call, that $400 million is all driven, primarily driven, by the timing of receipts and collections. Relative to 2016, a big chunk of it was related to advances that we received earlier than expected. And in 2017, think of it just as typical receipts on programs. So from us this is a real strong point here. As we closed out 2016 and going to 2017, we were able to beat in 2016, and it wasn't at the expense of 2017. We backfilled that $300 million plus added another $100 million, really driven by the performances of the business. So we're really pleased with that and it helps reinforce our focus on cash flow and the strong balance sheet.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: So Carter, I'll jump in on the tax. Obviously we've been following this very closely. Unfortunately right now, there's not been a lot of specifics laid out in terms of how the new administration is going to approach the tax reform. I can tell you that 31% of our business is international and therefore export. So the question is how will that be looked at. Because as part of that, approximately 19% of that is direct commercial sale, which is a pure export, but then about 12% of that is FMS. So we're really trying to understand how the new administration is going to look at what the definition of export is. In terms of any imports, that's less than 5% of our total costs. So in any case, if there is some type of tax effort or reform put out that has an advantage relative to exports, we'll more than likely get a significant tailwind from that.
Operator: So next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Tom, I wanted to go back to George's question a little bit. The book to bill, I think Toby, you just said 1.16, 1.15. The sales growth is 3% to 5% for this year. We're in an environment where we've got a consumables shortfall overseas. I guess readiness is the theme of the new administration. Is there scope to think of your guidance as somewhat conservative for this year, or do these factors really contribute next year? Could we see an acceleration of growth next year?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah Robert, I think it's a great question. And just make sure that you understand that our guidance, essentially assuming what we know about the fiscal year 2017 budget today, we did not put any windage on this relative to anything that the new administration is going to do relative to readiness in 2017. I think the picture right now is a little cloudy relative to how much of changes will occur in the 2017 budget. So what we've done is we've tried to base our guidance on what we know for sure, and that is essentially that a budget that has been worked in Congress to date. And so, if you think that's conservative, then that's conservative.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: I think, Tom, the other thing I would add just from our, the outlook we gave for the bookings, keep in mind, as we always have, our bookings are factored. Okay, so we try to take that into account when we give the guidance as well. And then regarding going back to George's question and around the backlog adjustments, one thing I will point out, some of those do come back in the form of other new work, maybe not on the same program but other programs as well. So it's not always necessarily a one-for-one decrease to the backlog.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Tom, I was wondering if you could give us an update on what you are seeing in Europe. It does seem like some of the defense spending trends there are improving, and how long it might take for some of this to flow through to you.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yes, so I think one of them is we are seeing several NATO countries I would say getting closer to the 2% of their GDP in terms of investments in defense. And so that obviously is healthy for us. We are seeing a significant interest in, I call it, the deterrence element of our three buckets sometimes I talk about. And really that is to be able to have systems that can deter a major threat from encroaching their borders. And so we are seeing that in Poland. We are obviously working through a major Patriot effort there. Another European country is moving forward with a Patriot buy, and so we are obviously following that very closely. There is also a replenishment on weapons for the NATO countries. And so we are actively involved in working with several countries in that area. So it's all the way from missile defense all the way into integrated air and missile defense also and then even down to weapons replenishment. So we're seeing it across all those three product areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter J. Arment - Baird Equity Research: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, Tom, Toby.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Morning.
Peter J. Arment - Baird Equity Research: Hey, Tom, this one's for you. You mentioned that the approval on the SM-6 for international customers. Have you been able to kind of quantify what the available market or the TAM is for that particular product?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: I mean, over multiple years, it's in the billions.
Peter J. Arment - Baird Equity Research: I mean, is there any expectation that you'd start to see some of that fall into this year or is that too soon?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, we could potentially see some bookings, but we're not going to see significant revenue in 2017. That's going to start 2018 and out on the international. The domestic, we just received a major $250 million award just here in the last couple weeks from the United States Navy. So we're seeing obviously, the domestic side is significantly picking up. This is a system that just has come out of development here in the last year. It's already gone into production, and we're seeing demand signals in the international marketplace. The good news is we now have approval to sell into the international marketplace. So bottom line is, it's all upside moving forward on SM-6.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sam.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi, Sam.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Wanted to talk a little bit about your cash flow and just how to think about the capital. And your guidance of 291 million to 293 million shares is certainly not a very big decrease from where you're ending the year. And so I'm trying to just understand: should we expect the pace of buyback to be materially different in 2017? Is it just a factor of the stock price being higher now versus a year ago? Just trying to think about how, if you've changed at all how you're thinking about the balance with your free cash.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah so, consistent with what we've talked about in the past, Sam, when we look at how we deploy our capital, we think of it from a balanced approach, and that hasn't changed. Share buyback is still a key component of that. Relative to your question on the cadence, I think the cadence is going to be, sitting here today, similar to what we saw in 2016. That said, the beauty of our balanced approach, it allows us to flex across the different elements of how we deploy capital, and we'll continue to evaluate that. We do see incremental value in our stock for all the reasons we've talked about in the past, relative to our international position where our technology investments are and how aligned they are for the future with the DoD. I mentioned earlier Forcepoint continues to be a long-term growth and value creation play, and that hasn't changed. So we'll continue to evaluate that. We said it before. We're going to be prudent in our allocation of capital. And if we think accelerating from what we did from a cadence point of view on the buyback in 2016 makes sense in 2017, we won't be afraid to make that change.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Hunter.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. So the initiative to reduce the footprint by about 10% from a few years ago: I was curious where you are on that. And I'm wondering if it's still needed given the improving outlook on budgets. And can you give us a sense for how many points of margin that was expected to add at sort of a segment margin level, or was it all fully baked? Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, so when we embarked on the footprint reduction initiative several years ago, our focus was becoming more competitive, more efficient, and we have done that, right, along the way. We have reduced on a gross basis just about 8 million square feet. We reduced about 1.4 million gross in 2016. There are still some elements of that that are ongoing. Think of the reduction we have anticipated here in 2017 related to that of around 700,000 to 800,000 square feet. So we're still focused on that. And again, we're finding ways to do things more efficiently, be more cost competitive, and at the same time continue to work and improve our margins. I'll be honest. I don't remember what the exact bogie was for how the impact of that was going to flow through, but we have seen an improvement. Just as a reminder, we get the instant year improvement that we flow through to the bottom line, but then in subsequent years, we update our rates and we price that into our future contracts. But we're definitely on target with that and seeing the benefits we expected.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Howard Rubel from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much. I want to go back to some of the accomplishments you have had in capturing some development programs. Tom, could you update us on the status of AMDR and when you expect that to start being inserted into the fleet? And the same applies to Next Gen Jammer and associated opportunities there as well.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Okay, so I'll start with AMDR. AMDR is in test at the Pacific Test Range out in Hawaii. It's having great results there. Obviously there is a lot of demand signals from the operational Navy side to get that into use as soon as possible. But initially, it goes onto DDG-51s in line and production, and then it goes into back-fit into the older DDG-51s. So we see a transition into, starting a transition into production in the late 2018. There is also, we've already been turned on to long lead for the AMDR and long lead material. And we see that picking up, essentially the production transition in 2018 and beyond. On Next Generation Jammer, Next Generation Jammer has entered into the main EMD phase of that program. So that will also be transitioning into production in the 2020 type range. One other one you didn't mention, Howard, was we did win the Navy EASR program, which is a smaller radar than AMDR but essentially based on the AMDR architecture. So between AMDR and EASR, we have the majority of the radars that go on surface Navy ships. And as you know, one of the keys of the administration's efforts moving forward is to increase the number of ships, which then will drive the number of EASRs and AMDRs that are going to be required. So we have a lot of expectations for those two franchises to take off here in the next three to five years.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Yeah, good morning guys. Nice cash flow year.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, Pete.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, Pete.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey Tom, I wanted to talk about missiles for a minute, because every time I turn around it seems like there's a new competitive missile opportunity out there, whether it's PB (54:32) with their lethality or Third Offset type stuff, or I've seen an Australian announcement for a $1 billion AMRAAM order. And now you're talking about this Tucson expansions, I was just trying to put it all together and ask you, is missiles looking like it's going to be ex-Forcepoint, is it going to be your growthiest segment now going out through the midterm, given all that's going on and the fact that you are expanding Tucson?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well, I think there is -- let me talk about the demand signals and how they're coming in. And I'll talk about them in terms of the three buckets again. One is the counterterrorism, counterinsurgency area there. So there is a heavy demand for precision weapons, munitions in that area to minimize collateral damage but yet be able to strike at the terrorists, in this case here, the ISIS. As you know, the new administration has also made I guess a statement here that they are going to go after ISIS. So we see a significant demand pull in terms of these precision munitions, obviously all coming out of missile company. The second bucket is the deterrence, and that gets into missile defense. And again, with the near pure threats, also with some rogue nations, that's driving significant demand signals there, not only in the United States but also with our international coalition partners. So that's where the other strong demand area is. And then in this third bucket is these future Third Offset strategy type systems, and that we're heavily involved in. We mentioned one brand new system called this HAWC, DARPA hypersonic weapons. So we're getting significant demand signals from each of those buckets and we're meeting those demand signals with the technology investments we made. And also now we are making investments in our factory to be able to expand, to be able to support the demand signals and the quantities that we're seeing come down the pike. And obviously you're seeing this in AMRAAMs, which is our air-to-air missiles. You're seeing that in all the precision air-to-ground weapons, and then also in our missile defense, which I mentioned the SM-6. So bottom line is you are absolutely correct. Missiles will be a leader in the business in terms of revenue and also new bookings here over the next several years.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Steve, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: That question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes hey, good morning, guys.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Ron.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: In your prepared remarks, you mentioned you're going to see a 50% -- you saw a 50% increase in your CRAD spending in 2016. How do we think about that for 2017? And then how do we think about CRAD materializing into a procurement program?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yes, let me take that on. Obviously, CRAD is important to us for several reasons. One obviously is that it develops new technology which makes us more competitive in the marketplace, but also gets us in up front working with customers. Since it is CRAD, since it is contracted, we are not just doing the IRAD on ourselves, building the field of dreams, we are working hand in glove with a customer, making sure that we're meeting their demand signals, we're meeting their needs, their capability needs. So in that case, it's very focused technology development to meet a customer's needs, with the customer involved. So that's why it's really important. And that CRAD technology then rolls to the next part, which will then turn into EMD programs, engineering, manufacturing, development programs, which then will lead into production programs. So that's why the CRAD is so important. It gives us essentially a leg up in terms of new competitions coming online to win those competitions, get into these EMD programs, and then transition them into production, creating new franchises.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter conference call in April. Steve?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and have a very good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co. Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co. Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tracy, and I will be your operator for today. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that the company has strong operating performance in the third quarter, and our growth strategy remains on track. Revenue increased by over 4% and our operational execution was solid across the businesses with overall operating margins above our expectations. As a result, our earnings per share was well ahead of our prior guidance for the quarter. Based on the company's performance, we have updated our guidance for the year, Toby will provide more color on this as well as high level outlook for 2017 in a few moments. We continue to see strong demand from our global customers for our advanced technologies. This demand drove a third quarter book-to-bill ratio of 1.15 and our year-to-date book-to-bill ratio currently stands at a healthy 1.14. I would note that our year-to-date classified bookings have already surpassed our record annual level. Given our booking strength and our expectations for a solid fourth quarter, we have raised our bookings outlook range again for the year by another $500 million to a range of $26 billion to $27 billion. As you know, bookings ultimately drive revenue, so this positions us well for continued solid top-line growth in 2017. I'd like to point out that our domestic bookings were particularly strong in the third quarter, driven by classified, training, the Joint Precision Approach and Landing System, Standard Missile-3, Phalanx, and several additional missile programs. Classified bookings were very strong, representing 22% of total company bookings in the quarter. For our overall domestic business, it is worth noting that bookings have exceeded revenue in each quarter this year. One key area of focus for our team is capturing and renewing franchise programs. These are large, long duration programs that last decades and have both domestic and international potential. In the third quarter, we received a key new franchise booking in our Naval radar area for the Enterprise Air Surveillance Radar or EASR. This competitive award is for the initial engineering, manufacturing and development phase of the program that will ultimately equip U.S. Navy ships and carriers with a new radar based on our gallium nitride or GaN technology. You'll recall, we developed GaN as a big bet technology over a decade ago and leveraged it for previous franchise wins on the Air and Missile Defense Radar and Next Generation Jammer, both for the U.S. Navy. Altogether, these programs put us in a strong position to support our U.S. Navy and international customers with advanced capabilities to counter emerging threats. The EASR win represents an opportunity over $1 billion for the company. We see additional opportunities to leverage GaN technology on our ground-based radar franchises as well. The Missile Defense Agency recently awarded us the contract to develop a process to incorporate GaN components into existing and future TPY-2 radars. These are long range radars used to detect and track ballistic missiles. And earlier this year, we began showcasing a new GaN-based AESA radar for a Patriot Integrated Air and Missile Defense System at key industry events such AUSA and the Farnborough International Airshow. Customer feedback and interest from these events is strong, and we are actively pursuing new opportunities for this radar with key customers. I'm pleased with the progress we're making on these multiple franchise pursuits, and with the clear success of our GaN investments, which has positioned us well across both radar and electronic warfare market segments. As we look to potential future bookings, there are a number of large upcoming opportunities for the company, including an early warning radar system for Qatar as well as Patriot, Standard Missile-2 and radar upgrades across Japan and Taiwan, which combined represents a multi-billion dollar opportunity. Further, we continue to make progress on the Patriot opportunity in Poland. You may have seen that Poland signed a letter of request for an integrated air and missile defense system with the U.S. in September based on the Patriot system. We believe Poland will sign a foreign military sales agreement with the U.S. government sometime later this year or early next. On this timeline, we would expect in turn a signed contract with the U.S. government and book an award later in 2017 for initial Patriot capability. I would add that in addition to Poland, we see other emerging Patriot opportunities in the European region. Turning to sales. Our third quarter increased by a solid 4.3%, as a result of the continued execution of our growth strategy. As we've discussed on past earnings calls, the company is aligned with the needs of our global customers and continues to invest in what we expect to be future growth areas. Internationally, sales were up 7% in the quarter and represented 32% of our total sales. Domestic sales increased by 3% and included classified growth of 5%. Forcepoint, our cybersecurity product business, saw sales increase 31% in the third quarter, of which 18% was organic. I'd like to take a minute to update you further on Forcepoint. The business is performing well and on track to meet its 2016 objectives. The integration of all acquisitions is essentially complete. Forcepoint's new CEO, Matt Moynahan, has been on board for five months now and is making very good progress. We have put in place an updated strategic plan that addresses areas of the cybersecurity market where we believe we have an opportunity for leadership. One of these areas is advanced insider threat, where we are providing an integrated system by combing our SureView and data loss prevention capabilities with policy and analytics to capitalize on this rapidly expanding market area. We believe this approach will align well with our strategy to further penetrate in the enterprise and very large enterprise customer markets and support Forcepoint's long-term growth. Turning to capital deployment; we continue to pursue a balanced capital deployment strategy. Our number one priority remains investing in organic growth. Beyond that, we remain focused on prudently returning capital to shareholders via competitive sustainable dividend and share repurchases, market conditions permitting. We continue to use smaller targeted M&A to fill technology or market gaps to augment both our defense business and commercial cybersecurity capabilities. So bottom line, we had a great quarter with strong sales and margins as well as solid bookings, which sets a stage for continued top-line growth. For that, I'd like to thank the entire Raytheon team. Our employees are proud of what they do every day for our customers, company and shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Okay. Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the third quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would please turn to page 3. We are pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in the third quarter, with bookings, sales and EPS all at or better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the third quarter of $6.9 billion resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.15. Sales were $6 billion in the quarter, up 4%, led by missiles, SAS and Forcepoint. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.79, which I'll give a little more color on in a few minutes. We generated solid operating cash flow of $640 million in the third quarter. Third quarter 2016 operating cash flow was lower than last year's third quarter as expected, primarily due to the timing of collections and payments. And on a year-to-date basis, operating cash flow of $1.7 billion was ahead of last year's year-to-date operating cash flow by approximately $200 million. During the quarter, the company repurchased 1.4 million shares of common stock for $198 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 6.2 million shares for $801 million. I also want to point out that we're raising the EPS guidance that we provided in July, reflecting our strong performance to-date. I'll discuss guidance further in just a few minutes. Turning now to page 4. Let me start by providing some detail on our third quarter results. Company bookings continue to be strong. For the third quarter, bookings were $6.9 billion and on a year-to-date basis were $20.3 billion, an increase of approximately $2.9 billion over the same period last year. It's worth noting that on a trailing four quarter basis, our book-to-bill ratio was 1.16. For the quarter, international was 21% of our total company bookings and on a year-to-date basis, was 26%. We booked several significant awards in the third quarter, including $538 million on Standard Missile-3, $376 million for Phalanx Weapon Systems, $286 million on domestic and foreign training programs in support of Warfighter FOCUS activities, $265 million to provide advanced Patriot Air and Missile Defense capabilities for an international customer, and $255 million on the Joint Precision Approach and Landing System program, an all-weather landing system for land-based and sea-based aircraft for the U.S. Navy. Total backlog at the end of the third quarter was $35.8 billion, an increase of approximately $2.2 billion compared to the end of the third quarter 2015. And funded backlog was $25.7 billion, an increase of approximately $1.3 billion compared to the end of the third quarter 2015. If you now move to page 5, for the third quarter, 2016 sales were in line with the guidance we set in July. Our international sales were approximately 32% of total sales. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had third quarter 2016 net sales of $1.3 billion. As expected, the change in net sales for the quarter was primarily driven by lower net sales on certain radar production programs and on an international communications program. In the third quarter 2016, IIS had net sales of $1.5 billion, up slightly compared with the same quarter last year. Missile Systems had third quarter 2016 net sales of $1.8 billion. The 9% increase from the third quarter 2015 was primarily due to the Paveway and AMRAAM programs. SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion. The 10% increase versus last year was driven by higher sales on an international classified program. And for Forcepoint, the 31% increase was primarily driven by higher sales in federal products and services, and the acquisition of Stonesoft, which was completed in the first quarter of 2016. Moving ahead to page 6, overall the company continues to perform well. Our operating margin was 13.4% for the total company and 12.5% on a business segment basis. So looking now at the business margins, all performed at or above our expectations. The increase in margin at IDS in the third quarter compared to the comparable quarter last year reflects improved program performance. Both IIS and Missile's operating margins were in line with last year's third quarter. As expected, SAS margin decreased in the quarter compared with the same period last year, primarily driven by a change in program mix. And at Forcepoint, the third quarter 2016 operating margin was, as expected, lower than last year's comparable quarter, primarily due to an increase in professional services and hardware sales relative to total sales and an increase in commissions due to higher bookings. Turning now to page 7. Third quarter 2016 EPS was $1.79, better than expected, driven by timing of program improvements from the fourth quarter, as well as from non-operating items. On page 8 as I mentioned earlier, we are updating the company's financial outlook for 2016 to reflect our improved operating performance to-date and our expectations for the fourth quarter compared to our prior guidance. We have tightened the range for full year 2016 net sales, increasing the low end by $200 million. We now expect net sales to be between $24.2 billion and $24.5 billion, up 4% to 5% from 2015. The increase is driven by growth in both our domestic and international business. As we have done in prior years, during the quarter, we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of this update, the FAS/CAS adjustment for the year increased by $5 million from $428 million to $433 million or a favorable impact of approximately $0.01 per share. We have increased our full year 2016 EPS, raising the low end by $0.15 and the high end by $0.05 from our prior guidance, and now expect it to be in the range of $7.28 to $7.38. The increase is primarily driven by our improved performance to-date as well as slightly higher pension income and lower interest expense. Turning to our share repurchase. Through the end of the third quarter, we repurchased 6.2 million shares of common stock for just over $800 million and now see our diluted share count at approximately 297 million shares for 2016, a 3% year-over-year reduction. As a percent of free cash flow, we expect to return approximately 80% of free cash flow to shareholders this year, depending on market conditions. And as you can see on page 9, we've included guidance by business. We've increased and tightened the full year sales outlook at both missiles and SAS. In addition, we've tightened the full year sales range for IDS and IIS. Looking at margins, we've narrowed the margin guidance range for the company, raising the low end by 10 basis points from our prior guidance and now see operating margin to be in the range of 13.3% to 13.4% for the full year. At the business segment level, we now see the operating margin in a range of 12.7% to 12.8% for the full year. Before moving on to page 10, as Tom mentioned earlier, given our year-to-date bookings strength and our expectation for a solid fourth quarter, we are now raising our full year 2016 bookings outlook to $26.5 billion plus or minus $500 million. This $500 million increase to the prior range is driven by strong demand from our global customers and positions us well for 2017. This marks our second consecutive $500 million quarterly increase to our bookings outlook. We expect international to be about a third of total bookings for the year. On page 10, we have provided guidance on how we currently see the fourth quarter for sales, earnings per share and operating cash flow from continuing operations. We still expect fourth quarter sales to be in a range of $6.4 billion to $6.7 billion, consistent with our prior guidance. It's important to note that the fourth quarter of 2016 has four fewer work days than the comparable period last year, which has an impact to sales of approximately $100 million per day. EPS from continuing operations is now expected to be in a range of $1.68 to $1.78, reflecting the timing of performance improvements we achieved earlier than previously expected. Now turning to next year. As we've done in the past, we intend to provide detailed 2017 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. As we sit here today, we currently see strong sales growth for 2017 of 3% to 5% over the midpoint of our 2016 outlook. We expect segment margins to be up for 2017 compared to 2016, excluding the TRS transaction in 2016, which contributes about 70 basis points. We are well positioned going forward, with further margin expansion over time, both on the domestic side, as new development franchise wins transition to production, and on the international side as large production programs move through their life cycle. We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30% in 2017. In addition, we expect solid operating cash flow in 2017, slightly lower than 2016, as improvement from the businesses as expected is offset by higher cash taxes and required pension contributions. Of course, I want to caveat all this by saying our assumptions are based on the defense budget being approved in Washington before year-end, thereby avoiding an extended CR or a government shutdown. Before moving on, I want to point out, consistent with our public filings, that we plan to early adopt the new revenue recognition standard in the first quarter of 2017. We do not expect the impact of adopting the new standard to be material to our results. So if you could please move to page 11. We have provided a FAS/CAS pension adjustment matrix for 2017, as we've done in prior years. As a reminder, the range of outcomes shown are estimates. Actual results will be based on factors that are not determined until year end, in particular, the final discount rate, the actual asset returns and the long-term return on asset assumption, all of which could impact the estimates on this matrix. As we sit here today, the discount rate is approximately 75 basis points lower than it was at the end of 2015, and would be roughly 3.75%, and our return on assets through October 25 is a little above 5%. In addition, we have been seeing downward pressure on our long-term return on asset assumption, driven by the most recent capital market expectations. Based on this, we currently see a potential reduction from 8% to a range of 7.25% to 7.5%. I would note that for each 25 basis points change in the assumption, down to 7.25%, we'd expect an additional $55 million reduction to the FAS/CAS adjustment for 2017 compared to what you see on the chart. On page 12, we have provided an updated net cash from pension outlook as well as the prior outlook that we provided to you in January, using the same discount rate and return assumptions. It's worth noting that the net cash from pension in 2017 is now expected to be better compared to our prior outlook. And given our CAS prepayment balance of nearly $7 billion, we continue to expect CAS recovery to exceed contributions well into the next decade. Said another way, we expect pension to be a net positive contributor to cash flow over the next 10 plus years under current assumptions. Please note that all of these assumptions exclude us making any potential discretionary pension contributions. And just to be clear, the final discount rate, the actual asset returns and the long-term return on asset assumptions won't be known until we close out 2016. We'll provide a more detailed pension outlook on our January year-end call. In summary, we saw a solid performance in the third quarter. Bookings were strong. Our sales and EPS were at or above our expectations. And our strong cash flow and balance sheet will allow us to continue to drive value for our customers and our shareholders. We are well positioned for continued growth in 2017. With that, Tom and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning, gentlemen.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Carter.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Tom, I was thinking  or hoping you could kind of decompose the Forcepoint results and outlook, and kind of help us here since it's a bit different from what we're normally looking at. I noted in Toby's comments that the strength ex-Stonesoft was federal products and services. And you noted in the strategic review the emphasis on very large enterprises; assuming those are commercial. I know the web filtering business is now down to a pretty low level. But I'm just wondering if you could kind of explain to us the sub-components there in terms of what's growing in sales and how that fits in with the strategy. And then clearly the implied guidance for Q4 suggests a pretty big margin step up back up there for the unit. So just wondered if you could give us some color on the moving pieces and help us with...
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yes, Carter, let me do that. And actually we're very excited about Forcepoint because we are starting to see some significant moves in the marketplace. I mean yeah, the solid foundation they have, you mentioned it already. They probably have one of the largest federal groups of any of the competitors out there. In fact, I think a lot of the competitors I wish they had as much federal access as we do into the cybersecurity market. And we sell in that federal group as a commercial company. That's one. We also did mention the next generation firewall that they have that is off and running, getting a lot of traction on that. And you can see the sales on that is up. And then also in the core business, the TRITON Cloud work is  we're also starting to see significant movement in that. The area that I was trying to point out in my discussion is one of the other areas where we've taken  I would call it our defense grade capabilities into the commercial cybersecurity marketplace and that's really on the insider threat. And so we took essentially our product which was, we call it the SureView product. We're tying that together, integrating that with the data loss prevention capability that Websense brought along, and some analytics on top of that and providing an unbelievable capability to the marketplace relative to the advanced insider threat. And as you've probably been reading in the press, there is quite a bit of insider threat issues that are going on across the commercial industry and along different verticals. So we're extremely happy with the performance. And Toby is here, he's got the details and he can just run you through what we saw here in the third quarter and what we're seeing in the future.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Carter, so on the numbers side for Q3 and Q4, even though I did mention the federal and some of the services, when you peel this back and decompose it, the legacy TRITON business also saw significant growth of about 18% in the quarter as well. So we really saw growth across the entire portfolio, with the exception as we expected, we've been talking about the legacy web filtering business, which did continue to decline. Along those lines, I do want to take a second, and as Tom talked about, and as we are evolving our strategic position to align with the cybersecurity market where we see the greatest opportunities, the legacy delineation, when we've talked in the past about TRITON and the web filtering, even though I just kind of gave you some color on it, it is becoming less meaningful to us given our changes in the organization and our go-to-market approach around that. But again, growth across the entire portfolio where we're focused strategically. If you roll that forward to Q4, from a top-line perspective, we'd expect growth rates similar to Q3 on a year-over-year basis and margin that is higher. To your question, we'd be looking at margins in the 16%-plus range for the fourth quarter. Obviously, we didn't change the outlook for the year, so we feel good that the team has a path forward there.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yeah. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, George.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Question I got is really an explanation. Is it, if I look at the book-to-bill at like you said, it was 1.15, but bookings were $900 million above sales. But if I look sequentially, funded backlog was actually down by around $400 million and total backlog was only up by $500 million. So a big discrepancy. I mean I imagine some of it reflects the mark-to-market from the weaker currencies, but is there anything else going on? Or just kind of explain how they all went together.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. I mean on the funded backlog, that can obviously be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, right, depending upon what's happening there. So, I don't think there's anything different than we may see in any given quarter. From an overall backlog point of view though, you are right, we do have every quarter backlog adjustments for various reasons, including the currency. In the third quarter of this year it was about $400 million that we had as backlog adjustments.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And if I just follow up, IDS sales were much less than I was looking for and I know probably less than you, because you lowered the top end of the guidance by $100 million. Is that reflecting slower startup of the new programs and the high margin reflecting margin pickup because some of the older ones are ending?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. So you kind of have it right there, George. As I said in my comments, we knew about some certain radar programs and one international communications program that was winding down. So that was what we'd assume going back to the beginning of the year, but we are seeing a little bit of timing impact on a couple international programs. We now expect either late Q4 or early Q1. So that's what's driving primarily the change, what happened in the quarter relative to the revenue, the sales and then also for the total year. From a margin point of view, I think what you're seeing is consistent with what we've been saying, that IDS towards the back half of the year has some of the  and I wouldn't say they are completing. I would say some of the major production programs that we've booked over the last couple years are from an execution point of view moving through their life cycles. They're at points where we obviously feel comfortable in increasing the booking rates there. You saw a strong margins from IDS back in Q2, excluding the TRS gain. We see it again here in Q3. So I think things from our perspective, things are playing out on the margin line at IDS pretty much as we would have expected and if anything a little bit more favorable timing. I think some of the improvements we saw in Q2 and 3, if we go back three or six months, we would have said, would have been in Q4 and 3. So things have maybe even accelerated within the year by about 90 days. But all good news from our perspective.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: All right. Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Thanks, George.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, good morning everyone.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Jason.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Hi.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Toby, just a quick clarification question for you, Toby. Can you talk a little bit about the cash flow dynamics in the fourth quarter, and what allows you to have that steep ramp? And then Tom for you, can you just talk a little bit about the contracting environment, generally speaking? And kind of the puts and takes you're seeing there from a pricing perspective, contract terms, anything that's changing either here domestically or on the international front that we should be aware of that would impact how the business is going to perform a few years down the road. Thanks.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Jason, I'll hit the cash flow real quick here in the fourth quarter. For us nothing's really changed there. If anything we're a little bit ahead from a cadence point of view on a cumulative basis on the overall cash flow compared to when we started the year. So if anything, that ramp up in Q4 is a little less than it was going back to January. I think you all know, we traditionally have a cash profile that's more back-end weighted. There is nothing different this year. And the underlying driver is not one individual thing, but it's primarily some significant milestone collections, really across pretty much the entire portfolio of programs. So nothing unusual from our perspective.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. And Jason, I'll break it in, your question into two parts. I'll take the domestic. In terms of terms and conditions, we're really not seeing any changes in our contracting with the department or with the U.S. government. The department, as you know, is pushing more towards a fixed price incentive fee construct on I would call production type programs than they have in the past, something we were used to many years back. It's kind of rotated back in. So I think going through the initial iterations and making sure everybody understands that kind of a construct and sets it up in a way that provides the contractors an incentive to do well. I think we're going through a little bit of transient on that but it seems like it's settling out pretty quick. On the international side, we again on the FMS contracts, we're not seeing much difference there relative to terms and conditions. Again, there is some issues relative to fixed price incentive fee on production contracts that's actually being debated in the halls of Congress. And right now, the NDAA has some language in it about the international production type contracts at being firm fixed price versus fixed price incentive fee. And that's the only area that I see that's different. And our direct commercial sales, no difference there than we've had in the past.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein & Company.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Doug.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I wanted to see if you could give us a perspective on the discussions you're having and I would say internationally and that's in the Middle East, Eastern Europe, Asia. When you look at priorities in those areas and you try and parse out say long-term priorities. For instance, we saw Saudi earlier this year back away from littoral combat ship. It's expensive and longer term. And you look at the near-term things, which certainly precision guide and munitions would fall into that category. Can you talk a little bit about how you see these customers making trade-offs, when they sometimes have fairly constrained budget these days?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Yeah. Let me attack that, Doug. And I think what I want to do is go back to this concept of buckets, and we're seeing these three demand areas. One is counter-terrorism, counter insurgency. The other bucket is deterrence, deterring a threat from taking action. And then there's a third bucket out there, which I'm going to say it's third offset strategy type stuff, worrying about near-peer nation threats with advanced technologies. In Europe, I think the big one there is deterrence. We're seeing Eastern Europe very concerned in that area, and so they're looking for systems that will provide in that kind of a deterrence capability. And so we're seeing a lot of action on things like the Patriot System and then also our NASAMS system that we have at the nation's capital and we had a sale in Oman and several other countries out there. So we're seeing significant pull for those deterrence type systems in Europe. As we move to the Middle East, you're correct. I would say it's a little different in Middle East. It's demand from both the counter insurgency, counter terrorism bucket, and then also the deterrence bucket. And on the counter insurgency, I think you can understand that. That's some of the demand, OPTEMPO pull here, for precision weapons and some other ground systems that we have. On the deterrence side, I mean there is a concern, there is neighbor of the GCC that the GCC is concerned about and so you're getting into deterrence there and therefore you see the demand for systems like Patriot across the whole region, and so that's the deterrence bucket. And if we go over to the Asia-Pacific region, it's clear that it's most of the effort there, demands signals is again coming from this deterrence bucket, looking for solutions like Patriot advanced weapons, radars to be able to see things, ballistic missiles before they hit them and so the Asia-Pacific region is in big demand on the deterrence. The third bucket is really coming directly from the Department of Defense, obviously for all regions in the global area to be able to essentially come up from 20 years of fighting wars of insurgency to now dealing with near-peer threats that potentially have capabilities that are at or potentially in some cases maybe better or perceived to be better than what the U.S. has, and so it's a big catch up area there. I mentioned, we did mention on the call about a significant increase in classified work. I think that's really addressing that bucket and to help the Department of Defense regain in some cases its superior capabilities over near-peer threats. And that's it.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So when you look at, when you look at -
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Does that help?
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yeah, that's a lot obviously, so.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Well I'm thinking about it every day, so.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yeah, I know, I know. But what I am getting at is, when you look at certain things that may have greater urgency, if you turn this all into what does it mean for your outlook, are you seeing over the next few years a greater urgency in some of the areas you just said and perhaps less in some long-term programs? Has it changed the way you've looked at these markets?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: I think what's different here in my entire career is each of those buckets is overflowing, and so the demand signals have never been as strong in each of the three buckets and across those three regions. And you're seeing that in our book-to-bill, the 1.15 for the third quarter, 1.14 year-to-date and then over the trailing four quarters, 1.16. We wouldn't be having those book-to-bills if the demand signals isn't as high as it is and across three regions and across three buckets. So, I have a very favorable outlook in terms of where we're going. We did mention on the call, we believe in 2017, just based on the book-to-bills we have, we'll clearly be in the 3% to 5% sales growth in 2017. And you can look to the future, but what I always go back is I look at our book-to-bills and our backlog and base our future outlook on that plus the demand signals we're getting. And I'm personally getting demand signals to go visit those regions from leaders in those countries. So this is real and so we're very, very bullish and positive in the future.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you very much. So, the midpoint of your new bookings target would imply fourth quarter book-to-bill a little bit under 1. That would be the first time in about seven years. And you've just talked about how terrific the demand signals are. Is that a conservative number? And maybe give us some color on, could we have any surprises so we go above the upper end of your guide? Thanks.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Look, let me start, and maybe more with the numbers part of it and everything. And obviously we give a range, right, as you know of sales and bookings, right. So if you look and if you go to the high end of that range, the book-to-bill would be over 1. It would be about 1.05 give or take. To you point, the midpoint of the range is a little bit under 1. It's not a signal one way or the other from my perspective. We're very pleased. The fact that we've been able to for two quarters in a row effectively cumulatively add $1 billion to the outlook for the year further strengthens the bookings and the demand that Tom was talking about. And I think as we all know the bookings  in any given quarter, we can have some ups and downs or, not my favorite word, but some lumpiness there. So we're very pleased with what we've seen through the first nine months and the outlook for the total year and how it positions us going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies: Thank you very much. I'm not a fan of talking about pension, but Toby, you sort of set us up a little bit here. If we go through the math, from a cash flow perspective, it would appear year-on-year you're going to do just fine in 2017 and beyond. But from a reported EPS basis, based on sort of where we were a year ago and now, where we look at sort of the midpoint in the chart, it looks like you have a little bit of headwind to earnings. Can you elaborate on that? And is there anything that you can do to address that?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, no, so again, I'll repeat a little bit here, Howard. The estimates that we gave you were to try to provide sensitivity around the variables that affect both the P&L side and the cash flow side of the equation. As a reminder, we will update all of this at year end based upon how the year plays out, and things could be different compared to what we outlined today. But we did want to be transparent and let everybody know what we were seeing, both between the discount rate, where the current year return is and based upon forward looking, relative to capital markets, where the longer-term ROA would be. And I don't know that I can really add anything beyond the sensitivity that I gave in my prepared comments. You're right. The cash flow is going to continue to be positive from pension. There were a lot of questions earlier this year and concerns about overall cash flow, because of the higher required contributions in 2017. That's gotten better based upon our current estimates by close to $200 million. Our overall cash flow for the company next year, as I mentioned earlier, may be slightly lower than where we're looking at for this year, but still very, very strong. And I think if you look out over time, while near term we may have some headwind on pensions from a P&L point of view, for an EPS point of view in 2017, we'd expect that over time even under those lower rates that I talked about, that we would see improvement in that profile, a pattern that would be similar to what we were seeing in the past, where year-over-year the EPS would improve all else equal based upon even revised assumptions in 2017, 2018  beyond 2017 into 2018 and 2019. So I think I'll leave it at that and we'll move forward here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I wonder  good morning  if we could talk a little bit about IDS, and in the fourth quarter, we've got some elevated sales implied by the guidance and we saw somewhat higher sales last year as well. But can you talk about sort of how much that reflects timing versus how much that reflects sort of a new run rate? And then similarly, it looks like the guidance implies for the fourth quarter sort of a lower margin. But if we just look back over the past couple years, seasonally the fourth quarter seems to be fairly strong, so maybe some of the dynamics around sales and profitability in IDS in Q4.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah sure, Seth. So when George asked, I told him what kind of happened in Q3 and why we lowered a little bit the range of sales for the year, driven by the timing of some new awards that now we're expecting later in Q4 or early next year. But for Q4 from a sales point of view, even with that narrow guidance, we do expect solid growth in Q4. We have some other awards that we are anticipating we'll be starting up, which are contributing to that growth, as well as some continued ramp on some international Patriot programs that are already in our backlog as they move through their life cycle there. So we have a path forward relative to the growth in IDS on the top line. From a margin perspective, I'll reiterate, we are really pleased with the margin at IDS both in Q2 and in Q3 here. As we had talked about before, we were expecting an improvement in the margin at IDS more in the back half of the year. We've accelerated some of that into Q2 and here again in Q3, we did raise our margin guidance by 20 basis points on the high end at IDS to reflect our solid performance to date. And we continue to expect solid operational performance in Q4, about in line where we are year-to-date, okay. If you want to think of it this way, when you adjust for the TRS transaction, the improvements we're seeing, they can be lumpy as well, right, because they're specifically tied to programs, the execution of those programs, and the timing of those events which in some cases, if not a lot of cases aren't  out of our control. And what we feel that we've done is, we've d-risked that fourth quarter in the ramp that if you go back 90 days, 180 days, the ramp that we would have had in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein. Your line is now open.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Sam.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I want to ask you a little bit about the capital deployment. I know you talk about having a balanced deployment out there, but you've also in the past talked about not necessarily wanting to chase the stock. And I don't expect you to talk about individual M&A, but certainly you've been talked about out there with regards to something in the order of $1 billion size in the Forcepoint area. And so just want to know how you're thinking about deploying capital in today's world.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Sam, from my perspective, nothing around our thought process here has really changed. As we've talked about in the past, a balanced approach has worked well for us. We're continuing to use that here today and going forward. The underpinning to being able to do that is obviously strong cash flow generation and a strong balance sheet, both of which we have and we're focused on. And then, so specifically from a kind of a priority perspective, we're always looking to invest in ourselves, in the business to drive growth where it make sense. That's not going to change. We'll pursue targeted acquisitions. I think Tom mentioned in his opening comments, ones that fill technology, market access, market channel type of gaps. I won't comment on rumors out there in the marketplace. But what I will say generically, we don't have as part of our plan to go after big deals, okay, that would be something strategic and opportunistic. We want to provide the right level of return to our shareholders, somewhere as we target 80% to 90% of current year cash flow that includes a competitive and sustainable dividend and a buyback, obviously to continue to reduce the diluted share count over time, and we do as you know make from time to time discretionary pension contributions. That said, let me reiterate, because it has come up in the past relative to the thought about any large acquisitions, whether it be on the defense side, and/or the commercial cyber side, that is not in our plan. So rumors are rumors that are out there and I'll leave that at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thank you, good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Hunter.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Tom, you highlighted obviously you've strengthened your classified bookings of late and then obviously separately strengthened Forcepoint. But I'm wondering if you can talk about maybe the dynamic as much as you can about how Forcepoint might be able to play in classified. And specifically I'm wondering what the mix is now of classified if any, and if that's a growth market. Do your people out there have TS/SCI level clearances for example, or does the commercial nature of this business really preclude you from sort of marrying those two together, sort of like a super engine of growth? Thanks a lot.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: I'll hit it in two ways. One is I'll talk about Forcepoint and then I'll talk about the rest of the company. So on Forcepoint, it does have a federal group or a federal division. So the folks in the federal division do have the clearances so that they can go work with the different departments in the government and agencies and they can actually go into their facilities and help install the capabilities. And so that's I would call it a very special capability that Raytheon has relative to taking I would call it these commercial products into the U.S. government. On the Raytheon side, we do a significant amount of I would call it government related cybersecurity work with the different departments in the Department of Defense and then also with the different three-letter agencies. And so we essentially handle the highly classified work through the Raytheon Company, the taking off commercial products into the government through the Forcepoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Richard Safran with Buckingham Research.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: Good morning, Richard.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Good morning.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Tom, Toby, I had a bit of the strategic question for you here. In addition to the bomber program, there is a lot of new starts out there like the trainer. We talked about J-STARS recap before. There were also though a number of new sensors like Air Missile Defense Radar, Next Generation Jammer, et cetera. I wanted to get your perspectives on this. Number one, from where you sit right now, do you see the Pentagon getting sufficient funding so that we can actually have a major recapitalization of military platforms and sensors? And also as with the trainer, should we be expecting Raytheon to becoming more of a platform prime, or is that more of an exception and you're thinking about being a major system prime on sensors and weapons? If we're on a long-term trend towards increased defense spending, I'm just trying to get a sense of how you guys are thinking about positioning Raytheon in that area.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Raytheon Co.: So let me hit the first question and that is does the government have enough money for all these things. I think that was the first question. And a lot of this hinges on the election and what's going to move forward. And right off the bat, both candidates, both parties are pushing for a strong defense. So that's obviously a good sign, both parties and positions are that they want to remove the Budget Control Act caps and so which will be required to be able to fund this, you called it a recapitalization. But it's also some new capability needs as part of this third offset strategy. We are seeing funding going into that area, We did see in 2016 the BCA was lifted and also in 2017 is looking good in terms of its budget moving forward. The question was what will happen in 2018, 2019 and beyond, and if that's really going to be the output of this election, again both parties are significantly supporting a strong defense moving forward. So as long as the funds are there and we have the Congress supporting it, I see that we'll be able to support most of this recapitalization. It will have to be timed out, so that they have enough money to cover it over the multiple years that these new systems take to come on board.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: Tracy, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for squeezing me in. Hey Toby, I was hoping you could add a little bit more color to the margin commentary for 2017. You said I think adjusted for the 70 basis point one-time gain, margins would be up, but maybe you can give us a little bit more clarity on an unadjusted basis, how much would they be down. Or if you don't want to go that far, is the run rate of IDS you're seeing here ex the charge in the first quarter and ex the gain a good run rate to be using for next year? Forcepoint's got some structural benefits in the next year. Just more color because that 70 basis points, just squaring it out to expectations might help.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Raytheon Co.: Yeah, Myles. I'll address margin, but let me maybe give you and everybody a few comments on 2017 a little bit beyond what I mentioned earlier. And if I start at the front end of the business, we do continue to expect to see a solid book-to-bill ratio next year over 1, even on the higher sales volume as I mentioned, which we see growing in the 3% to 5% range. I will say that this growth is more heavily weighted towards our missiles and SAS business, then followed by IDS and IIS, and we also see growth again both domestically and internationally next year. On the margin comment, I'm kind of going to stick to where I mentioned earlier that in 2017, when you adjust for the TRS transaction this year at the segment level, we see segment level margins improving. That said, obviously we're not giving details by business at this point, but since you asked about IDS and historically, there has been a lot of focus there. What I will tell you is, we do see meaningful improvement in the IDS margin next year, again excluding the 2016 impact of TRS. Although I will say that for IDS, if you're thinking of 16% or above next year, that's probably too aggressive and I'll just kind of leave it at that. I mentioned cash flow is going to continue to be strong. We do expect higher cash from the businesses partially offsetting pension and higher cash taxes. On our tax rate, if you recall in 2016, our effective tax rate is impacted by the TRS transaction, and the gain on that of just under $160 million was tax free. So when I look at the tax rate for 2017 right now, think of it around 30%, which is more in line where 2016 would be excluding TRS. And then you mentioned Forcepoint. I think what I'll say on Forcepoint, we still expect double digit growth and double digit margins from them next year. Obviously, our goal today relative to 2017, we'll just give you a high level look where we're headed, we're still working through our process internally to finalize our views on 2017 and in January we'll update you on that including details by our businesses.
Todd Ernst - Raytheon Co.: All right. We'll have to leave it there. Thank you everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter conference call in January. Tracy?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - VP, IR Tom Kennedy - CEO Toby O'Brian - CFO
Analysts: Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company  Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital  Jason Gursky - Citigroup  Doug Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities George Shapiro - Shapiro Research  Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research  Howard Rubel - Jefferies Richard Safran - Buckingham Research Group  Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs  David Strauss - UBS  Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse  Joseph DeNardi - Stifel Nicolaus  Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to the Raytheon Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tawanda and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Todd Ernst: Thank you, Tawanda. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and a slide that will reference, are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then we'll move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are non-historical facts, particularly comments regarding the Company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discuss in detail in our SEC filings. With that I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Tom Kennedy: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased with Raytheon's strong second quarter performance. Our global growth strategy continues to drive our results, with second quarter revenue up 3%. Our operating performance in the quarter was solid with a strong increase in sequential margins and cash flow generation in the second quarter was well above our expectations. Given our performance in 2016 to date and how we're seeing the balance of the year playing out, we're raising our EPS and cash flow guidance for the year. Further, based on strong demand that we're seeing from our global customers, we also have raised our outlook for bookings. Toby will walk you through the details in a few minutes. During the second quarter, I visited a number of country leaders in the Asia-Pacific region. And earlier this month we hosted several hundred customer meetings at the Farnborough Airshow. There was a remarkable level of consistency among these conversations. That is customers are interested in capabilities to address two key missions, one, support global counterterrorism campaigns and two, maintain deterrence in a charged geopolitical environment. More specifically we continue to see strong demand for integrated air missile defense solutions, precision munitions and C5 ISR capability. This demand has been broad-based across the European, MENA and Asia-Pacific regions. Further, this year there's been an added sense of urgency. I can't think of a time when our international pipeline of opportunities was more robust than it is today. Our international model which looks at countries as markets, is paying off. Let me just give you a few examples. One of our larger international opportunities over the next several months is the Qatar upgraded early warning radar. This radar will significantly improve Qatar's long-range situational awareness capabilities and represents a $1 billion opportunity for the Company. This follows on the country's previous order for ten PATRIOT fire units and an air defense operating center. We also see further opportunity in-country for TPY-2 radars as part of a THAAD system later in 2017 or 2018. This is consistent with how we've been thinking about the progression of opportunities in the country for some time. Another large upcoming opportunity for the Company is Poland Patriot which is also progressing well. Government to government negotiations are ongoing and we've achieved key milestones with Polish industry on work share, including signing a letter of intent to work with Poland's largest defense contractor, PGC. We anticipate that this multi-billion dollar opportunity will be awarded sometime in 2017. We also see additional opportunities in Poland, including short-range air defense systems related to our NASAMS product line. Looking at second quarter, our bookings were strong with a book-to-bill ratio of 1.18. Strength in the quarter was driven by the billion-dollar next generation jammer booking at the beginning of the quarter, a nearly $500 million upgrade to Kuwait's six PATRIOT fire units, as well as several notable missile bookings for AIM-9X, Paveway and SM-3. You may recall that we also had a strong bookings in the first which together with our 2Q results drove a year-to-date book-to-bill ratio of 1.13. This strength in bookings lays the foundation for future growth and bolsters our confidence in our outlook. In the second quarter international represented 31% of total Company bookings. I'd also point out that with the Kuwait Patriot booking, this is the second consecutive quarter where we have had a significant award, from the MENA region. At the end of the second quarter, 42% of our total backlog was from international customers. Our sales growth in the second quarter was ahead of our expectations. Domestic sales increased slightly, while international increased approximately 8% in the quarter, showing that our global growth strategy remains on track. Overall, international represented 32% of total sales in the quarter. As we look at future growth drivers for the Company, I would like to take a minute to highlight a couple of our many examples. In the second quarter, we delivered the first air and missile defense radar to the U.S. Navy's Pacific missile range facility ahead of schedule. AMDR is the next-generation integrated air and ballistic missile defense radar for the U.S. Navy's DDT 51 Flight III destroyers and fills a critical capability gap for the surface fleet. This delivery is the latest in a series of milestones achieved for AMDR as it advances through the engineering and manufacturing development phase which is now close to 80% complete. AMDR will soon transition to low rate initial production and remains on track for initial delivery in 2019. Another example of a future growth driver for the Company is Small Diameter Bomb II which we continue to test with the U.S. Air Force. Small Diameter Bomb II features a highly advanced tri-mode seeker which includes infrared imaging, millimeter wave radar and laser guidance to find and attack targets from rages that can exceed 40 Miles. Testing will continue the summer as the program moves through low rate initial production. Small Diameter Bomb II represents a $4 billion opportunity over the lifetime of this franchise program. Before closing, I'd like to take a moment to briefly touch on the FY '17's defense budget. As most of you know, both the House and Senate have marked up their respective bills and there are significant differences between them. these differences will need to be reconciled before the budget is finalized. Given this and the fact that it is election year, we're anticipating that there will be another continuing resolution which will probably extend beyond the election in November. This assumption is considered within our financial guidance range. Overall, I'm very pleased with the team's performance in the second quarter. Simply put we had an outstanding results, a solid growth and strong execution. I want to thank the team for all its efforts which continue to deliver for our Company and global customers. With that, let me turn it over to Toby.
Toby O'Brian: Okay, thanks Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the second quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would please turn to page 3. We're pleased with the strong performance the team delivered in the second quarter, with bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow all better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the second quarter of $7.1 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.18. Sales were $6 billion in the quarter, up 3%, led by our space and airborne systems and missiles businesses. Our EPS from continuing operations was $2.38 which I'll give a little more color on in a few minutes. We generated strong operating cash flow of $746 million in the second quarter which was better than our prior guidance, primarily driven by the timing of collections. Second quarter 2016 operating cash flow was higher than last year's second quarter, primarily due to the timing of payments and cash taxes, as well as lower required pension contributions. During the quarter, the Company repurchased 1.6 million shares of common stock for $202 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 4.8 million shares for $602 million. I want to spend a minute talking about the recent ThalesRaytheonSystems transaction that was concluded at the end of June. Raytheon Thalas concluded an agreement to transition the stakeholder positions each Company held in the TRS joint venture structure. With Raytheon acquiring 100% of the TRS U.S. operations and Thalas acquired 100% of the French operations. As a result of the transaction, Raytheon made a net cash payment to Thalas in the amount of $90 million and recorded a tax-free gain of $158 million at IDS or $0.53 per diluted share in our second quarter financial results. Important to note that we had previously forecast this to occur in the third quarter of this year at about $150 million. I also want to point out that we're raising the EPS and operating cash flow guidance that we provided in April, reflecting our strong performance to date. I'll discuss guidance further in just a few minutes. Turning now to page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Company bookings for the second quarter were $7.1 billion and on a year-to-date basis were $13.3 billion, an increase of approximately $1.3 billion over the same period last year. It's worth noting that on a trailing four quarter basis, our book-to-bill ratio was 1.11. For the quarter, international was 31% of our total Company bookings and on a year-to-date basis was 29%. For the year, we expect international to be about 35% of total bookings. As Tom just mentioned, we booked several significant awards in the second quarter, including about $1 billion for the next generation jammer program for the U.S. Navy, $574 million on domestic and foreign training programs in support of war fighter focus activities, $487 million to provide advanced Patriot air and missile defense capabilities for Kuwait and approximately $300 million a piece on both AIM-9X, Sidewinder, short range air-to-air missiles and Paveway. Backlog at the end of the second quarter was $35.3 billion and on a funded basis was $26.1 billion, both up approximately $800 million compared to last year's second quarter. We now move to page 5. As I mentioned earlier, for the second quarter 2016, sales exceeded the high end of guidance we set in April, primarily due to timing within the year and better-than-expected performance across several of the businesses. For the second quarter, our international sales were approximately 32% of total sales. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had second quarter 2016 net sales of $1.4 billion. As expected the change in net sales for the quarter was primarily driven by the recognition of previously deferred pre-contract cost on an international Patriot program in the second quarter 2015. In the second quarter 2016, IIS had net sales of $1.6 billion, up 3% compared with the same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to our cyber security and special mission programs. Missile systems had second quarter 2016 net sales of $1.7 billion. The 6% increase from the second quarter 2015 was primarily due to the Paveway program. SAS had net sales of $1.5 billion. The 9% increase versus last year was driven by higher sales on classified programs. And for Forcepoint, the increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Websense which we completed at the end of May 2015. Moving ahead to page 6. Overall the Company continues to perform well. Our operating margin was 15.9% for the total Company and 14.8% on a business segment basis. It's worth noting that the impact of the TRS gain that I discussed earlier was essentially in-line with our prior expectation and was worth $158 million or about 260 basis points at the Company level for the second quarter of 2016. So looking now at the business margins. The increase in margin at IDS included the results of the TRS transaction. Without the transaction, the IDS margin in the second quarter would've been 15.5%, reflecting their strong operating performance. IIS operating margin was in-line with last year's second quarter. Missiles margin was up 170 basis points in the quarter compared with the same period last year, primarily driven by higher net program efficiencies and a favorable change in program mix in the second quarter of 2016. The decrease in margin at SAS in the quarter, compared with the same period last year, was primarily driven by a change in program mix. And at Forcepoint the second quarter 2016 operating margin was higher than last year's comparable quarter, primarily due to the acquisition of Websense. Forcepoint's Q2 margin improved from Q2 2015 and as expected, was impacted by integration and transition costs. As we discussed on past calls we remain focused on margin improvement going forward. We're continuously looking for ways to lower our cost, enhance our competitiveness and improve affordability for our customers. In the second quarter one of the key drivers of our margin improvement was the payoff from our investment in factory automation and equipment upgrades and we also saw productivity gains from increased operating leverage. Turning now to page 7, second quarter 2016 EPS was $2.38, better than expected, primarily driven by higher sales and productivity as well as from the timing of the TRS transaction which as mentioned earlier, was previously forecast to occur in the third quarter. As expected, second quarter 2016 also included the tax benefit associated with the new accounting standard for stock compensation which we previously adopted in the first quarter, worth about $0.10. Of note, the second quarter 2015 included a favorable $0.29 non-cash tax settlement. On page 8, as I mentioned earlier, we're updating the Company's financial outlook for 2016 to reflect our improved operating performance to date compared to our prior guidance. We still expect our full-year 2016 net sales to be in the range of between $24 billion and $24.5 billion, up 3% to 5% from 2015. The increase is driven by growth in both our domestic and international business. We've increased our full-year 2016 EPS by $0.20 from our prior guidance and now expect it to be in the range of $7.13 to $7.33. The increase is driven by our improved performance in the first half of the year, as well as a slight improvement to the effective tax rate and slightly lower interest expense. Turning to our share repurchase, for the end of the second quarter we repurchased 4.8 million shares of common stock for just over $600 million and continue to see our diluted share count in the range of between 296 million and 298 million shares for 2016, a 3% reduction at the midpoint of the range. Also, based on our strong performance to date, we've increased the range for our 2016 operating cash flow guidance by $100 million and now see it between $2.8 billion and $3.1 billion. And as you can see on page 9, we've included guidance by business. We left the sales unchanged from prior outlook. Looking at margins, we've increased the margin guidance range for the Company and now see operating margin to be in a range of 13.2% to 13.4% for the full-year, up 20 basis points from our prior guidance. At the business segment level, we now see the operating margin in a range of 12.6% to 12.8% for the full-year, driven by higher expected operating margin at IDS and SAS. Before moving on to page 10, given our year-to-date bookings strength and our expectation for a strong back half of the year, we're now raising our full-year 2016 bookings outlook to $26 billion, plus or minus $500 million. This $500 million increase to the prior range is driven by strong demand from our global customers. On page 10, we have provided guidance on how we currently see the third quarter for sales, earnings-per-share and operating cash flow from continuing operations. We still expect third quarter sales to be in a range of just under $6 billion to $6.1 billion, consistent with our prior guidance. EPS from continuing operations is now expected to be in a range of $1.57 to $1.62, lower than our prior guidance due to the timing of the TRS transaction which we had previously forecast in the third quarter. Some of this impact has been offset by the timing of performance improvements previously expected in the fourth quarter. Before concluding, as we have discussed on past earnings calls, with regard to our capital deployment strategy, we expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow and maintain a solid balance sheet at our current credit rating going forward. We remain focused on deploying capital to create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investments to support our growth plans and productivity improvements, as well as returning capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. Making small targeted acquisitions benefit our technology and global growth needs these and from time to time, making discretionary contributions to our pension plans. In summary, if you stand back and look at the quarter, we had strong performance. Our bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations were all higher than expected. Based on this performance and our near term expectations, we increased our 2016 guidance for EPS, operating margin and operating cash flow. With that, Tom and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Cai von Rumohr: Given the strength in the quarter really across-the-board and the good cash flow, how come you cut back on your share repurchase from the first quarter and what's your thinking going forward regarding cash deployment?
Toby O'Brian: Let me address that one. So we had planned and we front loaded the share repurchase based upon the timing of our cash flows, okay? And we always had Q1 in excess of the balance of the year, where more than halfway through what we had targeted at the beginning of the year. That said related to the repurchase, we still continue to see value in our stock. At our last call we indicated a target of 80% to 90% of free cash flow going back to shareholders. Right now we probably see it maybe at the bottom of that range pending market conditions and if we continue to see strong movement in the stock, we're not going to chase the stock price. Share repurchase will still continue to be a core part of our capital deployment strategy, you know, with the stated goal of reducing the diluted share count over time and that hasn't changed. But we will continue to be disciplined when it comes to the allocation of our capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland: Just a quick clarification for you Toby and a question, Tom. Toby, on the TRS transaction, is there equity income to consider that will be missing going forward? I just was unsure of the accounting implications there but wanted to make sure we all got it modeled correctly. And then for Tom, just on the Forcepoint competitive landscape, I know that during the quarter obviously the purchase of Blue Coat by Symantec. I wondered if you could talk to what implications that has for that marketplace and how you think about the landscape post that announcement?
Toby O'Brian: Yes, sure. I'll address, Carter, the TRS one. There are a few moving pieces with the remaining venture going forward that impact both IDS operating income and at the Raytheon level net income, but they essentially offset each other and are not significant to our results so we shouldn't see an impact one way the other going forward.
Tom Kennedy: And on the Forcepoint, you're absolutely correct, Carter. You know, commercial cyber is a dynamic and rapidly evolving environment and you did mention competitive landscape and it's going to continue to shift, Raytheon continues to invest in R&D to ensure that we have the best products and capabilities for customers and that's where we're getting the feedback from our customers on. I would add one thing is that you probably saw that the multiples and valuations for Blue Coat acquisition do reflect the premium value and growth potential that this commercial cyber market currently has. Just a quick status on Forcepoint, we have integrated Websense in with our Raytheon cyber products group. It's substantially complete. It was a seamless transition to the new organization and now we're working to complete the transition of the Stonesoft acquisition into the overall Company and we see considerable upside potential as we move forward based on this business we have put together.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please proceed. 
Jason Gursky: Tom and Toby, I was just wondering if you could just walk us through what you think these bookings that you've been getting here over the last year or so tell us about the cadence of revenue. So over the next several years, it's going to be linear growth? Do you have some visibility on when all of these bookings are going to actually convert into some revenue streams?
Toby O'Brian: Jason, you know the nature of our business. The majority of these big awards have about a three-year or five-year cycle, in that range. So traditionally, I mean, we lighten up the first year. If it's three year, we lighten up the first year little bit, lighten up the last year and the middle year is the main. But normally it's about a three-year duration in terms of revenue generation out of the majority of the bookings. IIS does have some quick term, one-year type turn business, but majority of the business and a majority of these major awards that we brought in, are three- to five-year type revenue generators.
Tom Kennedy: And I would just add, you know, obviously we're not giving guidance for 2017, but from when you convert that strong pipeline to a financial perspective, the backlog we had entering the year on the heels of a 1.09% book-to-bill, strong book-to-bill through the first six months, strong four quarter trailing book-to-bill, as Tom mentioned in his comment, a pipeline that we haven't seen of this magnitude for quite some time. We expect to continue to grow that top line, taking all that into account into 2017 and drive margin expansion as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed.
Doug Harned: I'm interested in on the same topic in missiles. Now missiles you've had really nice growth in backlogs, margins have been quite good. Can you comment on the both what it is in the trends in the U.S.-international mix and do you see the growth trajectory in missiles as a secular one or are we seeing kind of a temporary jump up on things like Paveway that we may not see continued growth there in the same way we have?
Tom Kennedy: Let me hit that, Doug, real quick. It breaks into three buckets. The first bucket and I actually mentioned in my prior comments, was the counter-terrorism and that's driving the sales on the precision weapons across-the-board at missiles. The other bucket is deterrence and that's essentially driving a lot of the work relative to our Patriot missiles and our Patriot systems and then the last large bucket is, I would call it and these were the third offset strategy or the future in terms of upgrades to new missiles and capabilities. In the middle bucket on the deterrence, there is a large -- when you saw that in terms of awards on our standard missile product line. The bottom line is, is that missile company is getting significant uptick in each of those three major areas and we should see that going out for a sustained period of time, at least over the next five years.
Toby O'Brian: And Doug, I would just a little bit more nearer term, if I take that op tempo bucket around our consumables and then the rest of the business that the other two buckets that Tom described, think of it this way, for the growth this year is split roughly half-and-half between, you know, driven by the op tempo and consumables and the other half through the rest of the business and as Tom said, based upon the demand we're seeing across the board there, we would expect all aspects of the missiles' business to contribute to growth over the next 12 to 18 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. 
Sam Pearlstein: I was wondering if you could talk about the $500 million increase you had in the bookings. Is that any one program or is that across-the-board? And I guess somewhat related is I know there's been an RFI out for the new increment of the next jammer, next-generation jammer, I'm wondering if winning on the first one positions you well for the next one or if it's kind of starting over from the drawing board
Toby O'Brian: Let me address the $500 million. The $500 million is multiple opportunities for bookings for the rest of the year. So we're not just hanging our hat on one big award to be able to bring that on board. Relative to next-generation jammer, that program is moving ahead excellently, it's on schedule and we're very happy about the performance of that program. Obviously our customer, the Navy, is also very happy with the performance. We're working with the Navy in terms of the next, I call it next-generation jammer II or another implementation of a next-generation jammer. And we're well on our track I believe to have a solid offering for the Navy on that program.
Tom Kennedy: I think just to add to Tom's point about the $500 million increase, Sam, you know across multiple programs as Tom said, a lot of the, you know, bookings, the favorable bookings we've seen so far is timing, but within SAS is where we see a lot of those opportunities playing out. They've had a real strong first half of the year between the international classified booking in Q1, JPSS and next-gen jammer that we mentioned, so across multiple opportunities. But the growth would mostly be in the SAS business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George Shapiro: Yes, I was wondering, Toby, if you could kind of give us what the discount rate impact would be on CAS as if we drew a line today like we've heard from other companies?
Tom Kennedy: Yes George, so at this point it is too soon to predict where we think things will go between now and the end of the year. You know, we will give everyone an updated outlook as we typically do on the third quarter call. That said, let me give you a little bit of insight to a few things. Year-to-date our asset return is about 4 1/2% and due to asset smoothing any type of actual return would have to be significantly different than expected at year end in order to have a meaningful impact on 2017 THAAD CAS and/or net cash. That said, assuming all other assumptions remain the same, every 25 basis points change in our discount rate has about an $80 million impact on 2017 THAAD CAS and net cash would be unchanged because it continues to be based upon a 25-year average discount rate. So a few variables there that you all can use and model but again, with half the year left to go, a little too early to predict what exactly next year may look like and we'll update you hear at the end of October on our third quarter call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Please proceed. 
Hunter Keay: Tom, you talked about the $4 billion opportunity for SDB II. I'd kind of like to talk about that program for a minute. I think there's still I believe some unknowns around which planes and maybe specifically which variants of planes will be equipped with that in the future and maybe to that extent which countries have interest depending on cost and other things like test results. So can you share with us some of the assumptions that are behind maybe the install base and adoption that got you to this $4 billion number and would you categories that as either conservative or aggressive as we sit here or is there may be upside to that and when you'll hit it?
Tom Kennedy: So first of all, Small Diameter Bomb II, it's definitely going on the F-35s. So that's going to -- all the F-35s, both the domestic and international, have an opportunity to be able to use that very sophisticated precision weapon. So I think that's the main aircraft now. It also goes on F-15s and F-16s and it's up pretty simple system to integrate on to an aircraft, so we will be working to put that on any aircraft that we're allowed to go put it on. But the bottom line is, is that forecast assumes just the F-35, F-16s and F-15s. A majority of it being domestic, so we have still significant upside from that number on the international marketplace
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Please proceed. 
Howard Rubel: I just want talk maybe a little bit about either risk reduction or margin, however you want to define it, but IDS numbers were pretty good, IIS numbers both had very strong revenues and margins and maybe you could talk about where you are on terms of improving some of the risk management and achieving some of the milestones. Because it looks like those were factors in the results. If you could be a little program-specific that would be helpful.
Toby O'Brian: Yes, so let me take that and then if Tom wants to add any color he can and I'll start, Howard, with IDS, right? So we've been talking about IDS for a while, but we obviously continue to see opportunities to expand margin further in the second half of the year. You know we did raise our margin guidance based upon the results through the first half of the year, up by about 40 basis points, half of that was because of a little bit higher of gain on the TRS transaction and the other half was from productivity we're seeing because of the leverage of the volume going through our factory, the investments in factory automation equipment upgrades, as we mentioned before. And, you know, I talk about our third quarter guidance and how it was from a timing point of view impacted by TRS moving into Q2, but we did offset -- that was worth about $0.50 -- we did offset about $0.12 of that, primarily driven by further opportunities for net program efficiencies to drive more margin. Those are moving in from Q4 to Q3, not just at IDS but at other businesses. So we feel real good about where we're headed going forward from a margin perspective. We would expect to continue as we've been saying both at the Company level and specifically at IDS, to continue to expand margins going forward beyond 2016 into 2017 as well. From an IIS perspective on the sales, they had a good quarter. Their sales were up to 3%, driven by cyber security and special-mission programs. For the second half, we see their sales in line with last year's second half despite having four fewer workdays and we still expect growth for the year at IIS in the low single digits.
Tom Kennedy: I'll just cap that off, Howard, with the fact that both our Andover plant and IDS and also our Tucson plant, there is -- and on the Tucson plant we tripled production on several of the missiles there without having a significant need to [indiscernible] capital expenditures to be able to do that and also at the IDS plant, because I know you've been at before, the parking lot is overflowing which means there's -- and that's not just a one shift, that's on multiple shifts. So both of those factories are chugging along at very high capacity rates that obviously gives a strong signal and strong support for high margins moving forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Buckingham Research. Please proceed. 
Richard Safran: You know I heard the comments at the outset of the call on international in the quarter. I also know you're not giving out a 2017 guide, but I wanted to know if you could talk on maybe expectations or maybe comment directionally on international demand for next year, given the strong bookings you're seeing. And as the second part, earlier this year there were concerns about oil prices, Brexit, things like that, that might do to international demand for defense equipment. Could you maybe comment about those concerns and tell us [indiscernible] systems?
Tom Kennedy: Let me hit on the international side right off the bat here, is that we have 2017, I did mention the Pit Bull and Patriot opportunity and we also have the THAAD TPY-II radar opportunity in 2017 also, 2017/2018. But that's kind of two big ones for 2017, but there are a also significant number of orders for precision munitions that will be coming in, in 2017 and some other areas in terms of missionized aircraft that we believe will be coming in 2017 also. So we believe at bottom line that a strong pipeline of international awards in the 2017 timeframes.
Toby O'Brian: And I think, you know, you mentioned Brexit and I'll make more of a general comment rather than specific to your question about international. You know, we don't see any significant impact at all from Brexit. Just to put it in perspective, the British pound is the functional currency for only about 2% of our sales, so not a major impact at all to the Company and to the business. And I think on the Middle East, you know we mentioned the order for Kuwait Patriot upgrade for about $0.5 billion here in the quarter. I think Tom also mentioned in one of his prior comments back in Q1 we had another significant order for about $650 million for an international classified customer and we've been pretty consistent over the last couple years, you know, with our customers, our nations that produce oil, that they have a demand for our products because they're looking to protect their citizens and their sovereignty and we're seen no change to that sitting here today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Noah Poponak: I wondered if you could dive a little deeper into what's driving the booking strength at SAS. It looks like that's been actually the strongest book-to-bill in the first half and I know there's' some nice exposures in their between space and Intel and unmanned and some other growth areas, but if you could get a little more specific there and then related, it looks like the guidance for revenue for the segment implies revenue would decline a little bit in the second half, despite those very good bookings and the trend you're on in the first half, if you could sort of explain that, that would be helpful.
Tom Kennedy: Noah, we'll split the question here. As we talked about earlier, we had a major award in the first quarter and that was at SAS for an international product which set them up for a good year in terms of conversion of that revenue in essentially 2016, 2017 and 2018. They've also done quite well in the classified domain in terms of new awards and of converting those new awards into revenue. They also are working in completing up on the next-generation jammer P&D program which is in full swing, another significant revenue generator for the overall business. And I can tell you they're operating on all cylinders relative to all the other programs that they have in there and it's a good healthy mix. I would call it new programs coming onboard, programs that are I would call it in their mature stage and then programs that are starting to fall off. So they have a very good, I would call it a very healthy mix of programs that should be good revenue generators here for the next five years.
Toby O'Brian: And as far as your question on the, you know, the sales in back half of the year, so sales were up 9% in the quarter and 8% year to date, driven by classified programs at SAS. The second half will be driven by both domestic and international classified programs. Obviously they're off to a good start and we see ourselves ending the year closer to the higher end of their sales range. What may be distorting it a little bit here for you is, you know, we give it to you in one of the attachments, our workdays are a little different this year where the back half of the year in Q4 in particular has four fewer workdays than we saw in 2015. If you normalize for that, they would be showing some growth in the low single digits in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Please proceed. 
David Strauss: Question on cash. Toby, maybe if you could touch on the major components, specifically contracts in process continues to bill. When does that growth slow or level off and then cash taxes, whether there's been any improvement there in terms of what you're looking for and then the potential to maybe smooth the pension cashette that you've talked about in 2017. Thanks
Toby O'Brian: Sure. So let me start with the CIP. You're right, we have seen a build up in our CIP balance. This increase was in line with what we're expecting. It was primarily driven by our sales growth, along with the timing of program milestones and collections, including the ramp-up on some of the more recent awards that we've had last year and into the early part of this year. It's also, you know, important and I would note that our expected cadence is similar this year to prior years, with the buildup of CIP in the first half and then a decrease in the second half, really driven primarily by the timing of certain milestones and collections. If you look forward to the end of the year and I think we talked about this back in Q1, we would expect our CIP balance to be up compared to 2015 but more in line with what our balance was at the end of Q1 of 2016 and this is in-line with our growth profile and again driven by the timing of program milestones. As we move to the back half of 2016 and into 2017, we will continue to focus on driving working capital improvements and cash flow generation across the business. You know, we obviously saw strong cash flow here in the quarter. Some of it was timing, David, right? But some of it was permanent improvement for the year which is why we raised the outlook for the year by $100 million to the new range of $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion. As far as cash taxes go, I think that was your second question, no change from a total year point of view from what we were previously expecting there. We still think cash taxes will be paid a little bit over $900 million for the year. The net of refunds, a little over $750 million for the year as well. I think your third question was around the cash impact in 2017 from the required funding of the pension, you know, so look as we've said previously there, when we hold all the assumptions constant, we see our CAS increasing, going from 2016 to 2017 as we transition fully to harmonization and then remaining relatively flat beyond that. In 2016, the pension cash flow is a bit of an anomaly. It's up from 2015, but then again after 2016, the cash flow from pension, it's still expected to be positive but more as we've said at a normalized rate, plus or minus $700 million, net positive. We do see improved cash flow in our business as programs continue to progress through their life cycles and achieve significant program milestones that will improve the cash position and our continued focus on working capital including cycle time and payment term reductions with our customers will also drive some cash flow which could and will offset part of that increase. You know, as reminder that increase is really driven by the plans coming out of full funding from a PPA point of view and again primarily having to fund the annual-service cost. As we always do, kind of last point here, you know we'll continue to monitor all aspects of the pension and you know, we will consider making it, if it makes economic sense to the Company, to the shareholders, we'll consider making discretionary contributions, you know, before the year's over that could potentially have a further impact on the cash flow profile in 2017 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
Robert Spingarn: I guess I missed it the first time but was on another call. I wanted to ask for a clarification or on polling, Tom and then another question, but is it still this Polish competition, is this for a full-up system or is it a shorter range smaller system?
Tom Kennedy: There's actually two pursuits or two programs that polling is pursuing. One is a system that the Patriot system satisfies and as you probably have seen in the press, the minister of defense is moving forward with the Poland acquisition. And so it's working government-to-government and also Raytheon is heavily involved in that procurement. And then there's another program which is being competed and it's a shorter range system that ties directly in with the capabilities of our NASAM system, the system that protects our nation's capital. It's also the system that we sold to Oman and about four other countries outside the United States. So that's the two. We're obviously positioned on Poland Patriot and we're working to make sure that we're in a good position on the short-range system, too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph DeNardi with Stifel. Please proceed. 
Joseph DeNardi: Just on a the IDS guidance, seems like the revenue's ramping up in the back half of the year but margins are coming down a little bit, so can you just talk about some of the puts and takes there and whether the exit rate on the revenue side is a good way to think about IDS growth in 2017?
Tom Kennedy: Yes, so from a revenue point of view, for the total year, we see IDS sales, you know, roughly in line with 2015, with as you said the cadence improving as we move through Q3 and Q4. And that's due primarily to the start up of some new awards this year, as well as the continued ramp-up on some of our international Patriot programs as they move through their normal lifecycle. You know, from a margin point of view, as I said earlier, we still see opportunities for margin expansion. We were pleased with the results in the second quarter. The 15.5% margin that IDS delivered, excluding the TRS gain. As I mentioned, part of that was from accelerating net program efficiencies, profit improvements, from the back half of the year into the second quarter. We see a little bit more of that in the third quarter. We upped the margin guidance by the 40 basis points, half of which was attributable to operating performance, the other half to the gain. And we would expect to continue to see margin improvement at IDS beyond 2016's rate normalized for the TRS gain, we'd expect to see improvement continuing into 2017.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed. 
George Shapiro: Yes, Toby, I just want some clarification. The $0.20 increase in earnings, the way I look at it, maybe $0.03 from the little higher gain in IDS, a $0.05 from taxes. So $0.12 from operations, even though operations you said were $0.20 better in the quarter, so just looking for some reconciliation
Toby O'Brian: Yes, so the $0.20 and maybe it's just the definition of the buckets here, so you got the $0.03, right? On the gain, right? That's about $0.03 higher, a $0.05 on tax, about $0.09 from the business operating margins, okay? And then there was, I mentioned interest was a little better, that's about $0.01 and then we had some corporate operating items that was another $0.02. So you can bucket it a lot of ways, but around $0.12 out of that $0.20 from operations and about $0.08 from non-operating items.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Myles Walton: I was wondering if you could touch on a couple competitions. One is the T-X and your T-100 offering there with Alenia. And kind of the progress you're seeing and the type of relationship you're having where it seems like a relatively low investment but a good way to kind of enter adjacent markets and then the GBSD program, as that kind of gets into gear over the next few years, how your go-to-market strategy is in the context of that as well. Thanks.
Toby O'Brian: Miles, what was the second program you were asking about?
Myles Walton: Ground-Based Strategic Deterrent.
Tom Kennedy: Okay, let me hit the first one here on T-X competition and a little bit about our approach to the competition. We're treating the program as more than just an airplane, flying an airplane. It's really about preparing the pilots for the mission success in advance and we're looking at for their ability to deal with multi-faceted and increasingly complex battle space and so what we're bringing to the table is our industry-leading capabilities in training and also next-generation mission systems and believe we're well-positioned to provide the Air Force a comprehensive solution to their training needs here. Our offering is the Alenia M-346 in any configuration and it's already training fourth- and fifth-generation pilots from Israel, Singapore, Italy and Poland. It is a complete system and the classroom to simulators to the aircraft, it is operationally proven. It does provide high degrees of confidence in both schedules cost and performance based on its proven capability. Our T-100 solution incorporates also our team's expertise in live virtual constructive training and again that's to drive efficiency and enhance affordability. In terms of timing, it is our understanding that the Air Force does plan to release an RFP by the end of this year and to award a contract by the end of next year. So we're working this very heavily. It's an important program to Raytheon. It's also an important program to the Air Force and we believe we have the best solution on that.
Todd Ernst: Okay, we're going that leave it there for the day. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter conference call in October. Tawanda?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 00:30:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - Vice President-Investor Relations Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President
Analysts: Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd Ernst - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then we'll move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon has had a good start out of the gates in 2016. Total company bookings increased 39% in the first quarter and our book-to-bill ratio was 1.08, driven in part by a large year-over-year increase in demand in the Middle East/North Africa region as well as strong domestic bookings. Our first quarter sales were well above our expectation, with strong growth in our Missiles business. Cash flow and EPS were also better than expected. This good start gives us continued confidence in our full year outlook. Toby will cover the financial details with you in a few moments. Across our global markets, demand for precision munitions, command and control, including C5I solutions, force protection, integrated air and missile defense and missionized ISR platforms continues to be strong. As we've seen in prior quarters, our Middle East and North Africa customers are continuing to look past near-term volatility in oil prices and are investing in high priority solutions to address an immediate and rapidly evolving threat environment. I visited the region earlier this month to celebrate our 50th anniversary in Saudi Arabia and met with customers. While there, I received first-hand feedback about the successful performance of our products and how they are helping protect citizens and critical infrastructure every day. I can tell you from these discussions that the interest level across the entire MENA region remains high for the types of advanced solutions we offer. One of the more significant upcoming MENA opportunities includes an early-warning radar system for Qatar at IDS which we expect to be awarded later this year. This program, which will significantly increase the air and missile defense sensing capabilities for Qatar has a value approaching $1 billion and has already been through the congressional notification process. As I mentioned earlier, our bookings in the quarter were strong. When looking across the businesses, a key driver was Space and Airborne Systems, which had a book-to-bill ratio of 1.7 in the quarter, driven by domestic space-based sensor solutions in both domestic and international classified. This was the second consecutive quarter of strong bookings at SAS. And building on this, after the close of the first quarter, we announced that SAS had received a $1 billion booking for the engineering and manufacturing development phase for the next-generation Jammer franchise. These awards provide a solid foundation from which SAS will ramp sales growth into the second half of this year. In addition to SAS, we also saw a strong year-over-year increase in bookings in Missile Systems, driven by a number of products, including AMRAAM and SM-6. Before moving on, I would also like to point out that our overall domestic classified business, which experienced a significant increase in full year 2015 bookings, continued to see strong demand into the first quarter of 2016. Book-to-bill for the total company domestic classified was 1.3 in the quarter. First quarter sales for the company increased 9% year-over-year. Our international revenue was up 17% and represented 30% of total sales. Domestic sales were up 6%, with domestic classified sales increasing 12%. As I mentioned earlier, one of the key drivers of the company's first quarter sales was Missile Systems. Let me take a few moments to talk a little bit more about what is driving activity in missiles. As many of you know, our Missile business includes a number of franchise programs. Our global customers look to us to ensure that these programs continue to offer the most advanced capabilities so that they can stay ahead of evolving threats. A great example of this in the quarter was solid growth from AMRAAM, where we are ramping up production on the latest most advanced version of the missile, the AIM-120D. While this missile shares the AMRAAM name with earlier versions, it is vastly more capable. Across our program portfolio at Missiles, there are many other examples where we create value by upgrading the system's technology, including programs such as the Evolved Seasparrow Missile, a premier ship defense missile for our global customers. Also, we are seeing opportunities to adapt existing technology to new missions, such as in the case of SM-6 in Tomahawk which are now expanding into the anti-ship domain. Finally, we are developing new capabilities that are on the cutting edge of innovation including hypersonic and directed energy. In addition to this, another growth driver in Missile Systems has been the increase in operating tempo of our U.S. and international customers. As we sit here today, we see this continuing to be a revenue tailwind for the company at least through next year. But taking a step back, when you look at Raytheon over the past several quarters, it reinforces the value of our diverse portfolio of advanced solutions for our global customers. The recent bookings strength at SAS and Missile Systems, the significant bookings in longer cycle programs at IDS over the past couple of years as well as upcoming opportunities and the competitive position of IIS and Forcepoint in global cybersecurity markets provide a strong foundation for future growth and margin expansion. We were encouraged by the U.S. fiscal year 2017 defense budget and fight up (7:16) request which was released in February. The overall top line for the fiscal year 2017 budget is consistent with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, with key focus areas including electronic warfare, ISR, missile defense, cyber and long-range strike, all areas that play to our strengths. The Department of Defense is focused on high end capabilities through its Third Offset Strategy aligns well with the high end capabilities Raytheon is known for. And we are actively working with the DoD in this area. We continue to see broad-based support for funding a robust national defense. Turning now to Forcepoint. We have made considerable progress toward completing the integration of recent acquisitions. Operating performance in the quarter was solid and above our expectations. Further, the business remains on track to meet the growth objectives we've outlined for you on prior calls. With much of the integration behind us, yesterday we announced a change in leadership at Forcepoint. Matthew Moynahan, who was previously at Arbor Networks, will take over as Forcepoint's CEO on May 9. This change is designed to build on the growth capabilities of the integrated businesses. Matt has a deep background of managing technology companies and has a proven track record of driving growth. John McCormack, who did an outstanding job managing Forcepoint, both when it was private and during the integration with Raytheon, is staying on through the end of the year as an advisor. We thank John for all his hard work and help in positioning Forcepoint to move to the next level. Forcepoint remains well-positioned for the future. During the first quarter, we continued to execute our balanced capital deployment strategy. In March, we raised our dividend by 9.3%. This is the 12th consecutive annual increase to our dividend and reflects our view that a sustainable competitive dividend is a key capital deployment priority. We also repurchased $400 million of stock through our share repurchase program. And as we said on the call in January, we expect the full year 2016 share buyback to approximately 2015 levels, market conditions permitting. Before concluding, I'd like to touch on a topic that we don't often talk about on earnings calls, which is of the utmost importance to our shareholders, and that is corporate governance. The company is committed to being a leader in contemporary corporate governance and we believe that good governance enhances shareholder value. In recent years, we have adopted a number of policies, processes and practices to ensure effective governance. To this end, in March, the Board of Directors voted to amend the company's bylaws to implement proxy access, providing shareholders with a process by which they can include nominees in the company's annual meeting proxy materials. The implementation of proxy access follows on our previous adoption of shareholder action by written consent in 2014 and a special meeting measure in 2010 and further demonstrates Raytheon's commitment to world-class governance practices. In summary, we had a good overall quarter of solid bookings, revenue growth and EPS performance. We continue to execute our growth strategy while at the same time placing a high priority on driving shareholder value. So thank you to the entire Raytheon team for the good start to 2016. Together, we have built on the momentum generated by our 2015 return to growth by delivering a strong quarter for our company, customers and shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the first quarter highlights, and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning, if everyone would turn to page three. We are pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the first quarter with bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow all better than our expectations. It's a good start to the year and we're positioned well for achieving our full year outlook. We had solid bookings in the first quarter of $6.2 billion resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.08. Sales were $5.8 billion in the quarter, up 9% led by our Missiles, SAS and Forcepoint businesses. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.43, which I'll give a little more color on in just a moment. We generated strong operating cash flow of $325 million in the first quarter primarily due to the timing of collections and tax payments. During the quarter, the company bought back 3.2 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase program for $400 million. And we announced last month that we increased our dividend by 9.3%. We have now raised our annual dividend every year for the past 12 years. I also want to point out that we're raising the EPS guidance that we provided in January. I'll discuss guidance further in just a few minutes. Turning now to page four. Let me start by providing some detail on our first quarter results. Company bookings for the first quarter were $6.2 billion, an increase of approximately $1.7 billion over the same period last year. International awards represented 27% of the total bookings, and on a trailing four-quarter basis, the book-to-bill ratio was 1.14. A few key bookings in the first quarter included $646 million on AMRAAM at Missiles, and at SAS, over $650 million on an international classified contract and a $553 million award on the Joint Polar Satellite System program. And shortly after the close of the quarter, the U.S. Navy awarded SAS a $1 billion contract on the next-generation jammer program for engineering and manufacturing development. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $34.8 billion and on a funded basis was $26.2 billion, an increase of approximately $2.4 billion in funded backlog compared to the first quarter 2015. It's worth noting that we ended the first quarter of 2016 with approximately 42% of our backlog comprised of international programs. If you now move to page five. As I just mentioned, for the first quarter 2016, sales were higher than the guidance we set in January. Sales were particularly strong at both Missiles and at SAS. We still expect sales for the company to ramp up throughout the year, with the strong second half driven by our bookings over the past several quarters and the duration of our programs. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had first quarter 2016 net sales of $1.3 billion. The increase from Q1 2015 was primarily driven by higher sales on certain international Patriot programs. We expect IDS sales to increase as we move through the year as some of our international Patriot programs continue to ramp up. In the first quarter 2016, IIS had net sales of $1.5 billion. Compared with the same quarter last year, the increase was primarily due to our cyber security and special mission programs. Missile Systems had first quarter 2016 net sales of $1.7 billion. The 17% increase from the first quarter 2015 was primarily due to both the Paveway and AMRAAM programs. SAS had net sales of $1.5 billion. Higher sales on classified programs, including an international program, contributed to the 7% increase versus last year. And for Forcepoint, the increase was primarily due to the acquisitions of Websense, which we completed in the second quarter of 2015 and Stonesoft, which was acquired in the first quarter of 2016. As a reminder, first quarter 2015 included the results for only Raytheon Cyber Products. Moving ahead to page six. Let me spend a few minutes talking about our margins. Our operating margin was 10.6% for the total company and 10.2% on a business segment basis. We did have two programs with some unique circumstances that impacted our margins in the quarter. One at IDS for $36 million that because it's in a joint venture, about half was offset through the non-controlling interest line on the income statement. And one at Missiles for $22 million. We don't see any significant remaining financial exposure on these programs. If you exclude the two adjustments I just mentioned, our segment margins would be about 100 basis points higher than reported. In addition, as we talked about on last year's first quarter call, it's also important to note that in the first quarter of 2015, Missiles recorded a $25 million, or approximately 170-basis point, favorable resolution of a contractual issue related to a supplier settlement. As expected, IIS and SAS margins were both down compared to the same period last year, primarily driven by a change in program mix. Also, IIS first quarter 2015 margin included the favorable eBorders settlement worth about 340 basis points or $0.42 per share on a total company basis. And at Forcepoint, the first quarter 2016 operating margin was slightly above our expectations for the quarter, driven by strong operating performance. We remain focused on margin improvement going forward and see our base business segment margins in the 12.4% to 12.6% range for the full year, consistent with the guidance we laid out in January. We also see our margin cadence improving as we move throughout the year. As we have discussed on past calls, we are continuously looking for more ways to lower our costs, enhance our competitiveness and improve affordability for our customers. A few examples include executing our strategic sourcing strategy to reduce cost in our supply chain, factory automation, complexity reduction initiatives and reducing our footprint. Given these efforts, our strong backlog and as we progress through the life cycle of some of our production programs, we continue to see opportunities for margin expansion. Turning now to page seven. First quarter 2016 EPS of $1.43 was better than expected, driven largely by higher volume and the recognized tax benefit associated with the adoption of the new accounting standard for stock compensation worth about $0.05. On page eight, we are updating the company's financial outlook for 2016. We still expect our full year 2016 net sales to be in the range of between $24 billion and $24.5 billion, up 3% to 5% from 2015. The increase is driven by growth in both our domestic and international business. We have increased the full year deferred revenue adjustment by $10 million to $77 million to reflect the updated estimate of purchase accounting related to the Stonesoft acquisition we completed earlier in the year. We have lowered our effective tax rate to reflect the tax benefit associated with the adoption of the new accounting standard for stock compensation that I just discussed which, in total, is worth about $0.13 for the full year, with the additional $0.08 expected in the second quarter. We now expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 28.5%, and we have raised our full year 2016 EPS to reflect the tax benefit I just mentioned. We now expect our EPS to be in a range of between $6.93 and $7.13. As I discussed earlier, we repurchased 3.2 million shares of common stock for $400 million in the quarter and continue to see our diluted share count in the range of between 296 and 298 million shares for 2016, a 3% reduction at the midpoint of the range. Operating cash flow in the first quarter was strong and we continue to see our full year 2016 operating cash flow outlook between $2.7 billion and $3 billion. And as you can see on page nine, we've included guidance by business, which is unchanged from our prior outlook. I want to reiterate that at IDS, we still see margins in the 15.9% to 16.1% range. As I said on the January call, our full year 2016 guidance includes positive operating income at IDS related to an expected exit from certain business ventures later in 2016, which you can now think of in the $125 million to $150 million range. This is subject to the finalization of the transaction, which we expect to close in the second half of the year. And as a reminder, when thinking about our 2017 company margin, we see opportunity for upside from 2016 levels, excluding the impact of this gain at IDS that I just discussed, which is expected to be worth about 50 to 60 basis points at the company level in 2016. Before moving on to page 10, as I mentioned on the January call, we still see our 2016 bookings to be between $25 billion and $26 billion, driven by demand from a broad base of domestic and international customers. The first quarter was a good step to meeting this target. On page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, EPS and operating cash flow for the balance of 2016. Here, you can see the ramp we have been referring to in the second half of the year. I want to point out that we now expect the second quarter sales to be in the range of just under $5.7 billion to $5.8 billion, lower than our prior guidance due to the timing of volume that occurred in Q1 that I talked about earlier. And EPS from continuing operations is now expected to be in a range of $1.51 to $1.56, slightly higher than our prior guidance due to the adoption of the new accounting standard for stock compensation, worth about $0.08 in the second quarter. Before concluding, I'd like to spend a minute to talk about our balanced capital deployment strategy. We repurchased $400 million of stock in the quarter, and as we said on the January call, we expect the full year 2016 share buyback to approximate 2015's levels. We raised the dividend by 9.3%, our 12th consecutive annual increase. We continue to expect to generate strong free cash flow for the year and target returning 80% to 90% of free cash flow to shareholders while maintaining a strong balance sheet. In summary, we saw good performance in the first quarter. Our bookings were ahead of last year's first quarter and sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations were all higher than the guidance we set in January. We remain well-positioned for the year with our domestic customers' priority areas and continue to be aligned with the evolving priorities of our international customers. Our objective is to drive the business to maximize value for our customers and shareholders. With that, Tom and I will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Howard Rubel of Jefferies. Please proceed.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Good morning, Howard.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Howard.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Tom, Toby. The  you've  how shall I call it? I used to not have to footnote odd items, and of late there's been a couple of adjustments in some of the periods, and they've been a little bit more adverse than one would have expected out of Raytheon. Tom, what are you doing, or Toby, to sort of eliminate some of these variabilities with respect to operational challenges?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: First of all, there was two programs I think you're alluding to that did impact us on the Q1 results. They do have unique circumstances. One of them was a program, essentially complete and we are having some, I would call it warranty issues on some shelters from a supplier. We are working through that with the supplier. We did take a charge this quarter due to that. However, we are working with that supplier to essentially recover those costs. Very similar to, if you look at last year at Missiles, we had an issue with a supplier and we recovered the cost from that supplier last year. This is unfortunately in some cases part of the business when a supplier doesn't perform or has issues, we have to take the charge, but then we go back and recover those costs, and that's where we're at on that one. The other one was a little bit of a stranger deal with a customer relative to some changes in scope and defining whose responsibility the scope was and also some other issues relative to the structure of the contract. So it's more of a  to us it's kind of a one-time type of an issue. We don't see that as systemic across the business. And so I am looking at these two as one-off and we are disappointed in the fact that they are one-offs, that they even exist, but we don't see them as being systemic across the business. I hope that helps.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: And I think the other thing Howard, on these two, as I mentioned, I'll reiterate, we don't see any significant financial exposure going forward on either one of these two programs. We think this captures it and bounds it. And I'd also just augment a little bit; we do have a lot of programs as we talk about historically across our portfolio. We feel very confident in the processes that  by which we use to manage those programs and monitor their progress, and as we said, unfortunately, here there were just some unique circumstances on these two that did impact us here in the quarter and we're going to work to try to at least on the first one at IDS, as Tom said, get some of the impact that we sustained during the quarter recovered through the supplier.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: No  thank you. That makes a lot of sense. And just as a follow-up, the R&D's up again and what we're seeing is  I'll call it a change or an evolution in the threat. Tom, could you address a little bit some of the opportunities that you see incrementally in air defense? I think, again, going back to the HASC, there's clearly more need for the U.S. to work on some improvements and I know you are positioning Patriot to take advantage of some of that.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So I think one of the areas that we're  besides the demand for the Patriot upgrade to configuration 3+ on the existing systems, there also has been a demand for new fire units from several countries that are facing significant issues. As I mentioned, I just came back  I've actually been in the Middle East twice in the  since the beginning of the year already. The last one was to celebrate our 50th anniversary in Saudi. And I got first-hand information from the folks that are using the Patriot systems in both  over that period of time from both the UAE and from Saudi, and I can tell you that the success has been just tremendous relative to them preventing damages due to tactical ballistic missiles landing in their cities and villages. So there's a strong  they're seeing the success of that system which is  I would say kind of unleashing a lot of other demand within the region to have the capability. So that's the basic element. What we're seeing beyond that is a demand on the Patriot system for an advanced AESA radar with 360 capability, and that demand is essentially  the primary part of that demand is coming from international. We also are seeing it from the U.S. Army. That's their roadmap to add a 360-degree AESA capability to the Patriot system. So we have invested in that technology. I mean it goes all the way back to the GaN work that we'd done almost going 15, 20 years ago, but leading up to how we won the AMDR program using that technology, but now it's transitioning into the Patriot system. We're also seeing high demand for, I would call it, Third Offset Strategy concepts, and in there is obviously hypersonics, undersea, you saw Secretary Ash Carter talk about something called distributed lethality and he referenced the work that's being done on Tomahawk and the SM-6 relative to that anti-ship capability. So we're seeing quite a bit of opportunities for either enhancements to our existing systems or new systems that  to ensure that we're positioned to go win those. We are doing IRAT (30:14) activities to support those. I don't know if that answers your question?
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: No. Thank you. That's great.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: And Howard, just from a numbers point of view, so the increase in the first quarter were about 3.5% of sales there's, call it, just under $60 million in absolute dollars of increase and that delta is split roughly 50/50, half being related to Forcepoint, right, which because of the timing of the acquisitions, wasn't in the first quarter of last year, and the other half primarily driven by our Missiles business for a lot of the reasons Tom just talked about. And as a reminder, for the full year, we're looking at about 3.2% of sales across the business. That's up from last year; but 80%-plus of that increase again is related to Forcepoint and the balance to the spending across the rest of the defense business.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: I appreciate the color. Thank you very much.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Howard.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Stallard of Royal Bank of Canada. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Rob.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: In Missiles, you noted you had a very strong quarter for revenues but you didn't raise the revenue guidance for the full year. Does that suggest this is a relatively short-term demand and you don't expect it to be sustained through the full year?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think we  on my discussions I did talk about the fact that we believe that this volume is sustainable through this year and into next, so we feel fairly solid about the 2016 and 2017 in terms of growth, and Toby'll take you into some of the details.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, I think Rob  some of what you saw in the first quarter at Missiles was timing within the year, not just for Missiles, but for the total company. As I mentioned, we do have a ramp through the year, especially into the back half. So we still see Missiles, to your point in the high single digits from a growth point of view with the cadence improving through the second half of the year as we ramp up on some of our recent international production and development programs. So we feel we still have it pegged with the current guidance, and really, Q1 was more timing than anything else.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And Rob, one thing we're seeing is a little different this year at Missiles is we're seeing the demand across the entire portfolio of Missiles, all of our franchises, the Paveways, the TOWs, AMRAAMs, the 89Xs the CRAMs, the Griffins, and even a resurgence on our Gen T missiles for Patriot. So it's not like it's in one area. It's across the whole portfolio.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then maybe a second one. On Forcepoint, I wondering if you could give us an idea of how the older legacy firewall business did in the quarter relative to the more modern products in that division? Thank you.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So the legacy filtering business from the legacy Websense was down in the quarter by about a third. Okay? That said, excluding the acquisition of Stonesoft that we had in the first quarter  even taking that into account Forcepoint sales on a normalized basis did grow 9%, so the TRITON product and the Federal business that came over from RCP more than offset the decrease in the legacy web filtering business.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Hi, Sam.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Sam.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess, Toby, can you talk as to whether the  since the margins are unchanged, especially IDS and MS, were these charges anticipated when you provided the guidance, or is it something that I guess when you're unwinding this joint venture now it looks like that amount at least is higher than the $90 million it was in the 10-K, so did that change? I'm just trying to think about what the offset to these unfavorable changes are.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah. No, that's a fair question Sam. So no, we did not consider these in the guidance that we gave; either the one at IDS or the one at Missiles. Now just remember the $90 million in the K that you're referring to would be the cost to us to exit the venture, not necessarily the P&L impact but the cash impact. But as far as how we expect to see things improving or recovering this, we do expect to see margins get better or expand in Q2 and beyond that into the second half of 2016. And as I mentioned before, even looking out into 2017, we still see opportunity for margin expansion. And again, as a reminder, that's excluding the $125 million to $150 million impact from the business venture exit in 2016. That said, if you think about Q2 for a minute, we do expect it to be in line with Q1 when you adjust Q1 for the impact of the two programs that I talked about, that I mentioned had about a 100 basis point impact. If you look over the last couple years, from a total company point of view, we typically see our higher margins in the back half and even more towards Q4. We still see it playing out the same this year, and it was set up that way in the initial guidance we gave even before these charges. We also have the gain in Q3 from the venture exit that we talked about, and then we do expect the improved performance in Q4 as we ramp up on some of our production programs, both through the retirement of risk and benefit from the combination of strong volume and driving efficiencies. So there is a ramp, Sam. The increase in the gain on the venture accounts for part of the way that this is offset, combined with generally speaking, driving more efficiencies through the business in the back half of the year. And again, other than those adjustments in the first quarter, not much has really changed relative to the cadence as to how we see things ramping up through the year.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about the Mid East, just in terms of the pace of activity? I know you don't have any big binary orders, other than the Qatar, but are customers making decisions at the pace you expect them? Or are you seeing the timing of them stretch out?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think number one is, as you know, we've been in the Middle East a long time. And I just mentioned on earlier the 50-year celebration in Saudi. So we've been working a lot of these projects for many years already, so there's several that are coming to fruition. You mentioned one, which is the early warning radaring in Qatar. And we also have other activities that we're seeing, I want to say strength in, and that is the area of C5ISR across the region. And one of the big areas is integrating all of these missile defense capabilities that a nation has and tying them together and providing a common operating picture for those, tying that together with an interoperating center and then providing an overall joint operating center for the entire country. So we're seeing a demand signal for that kind of capability across the region. And then outside of the radar I mentioned, there's just a replenishment of  essentially of effectors that have been either used or are now kind of off the shelf, the expiration dates that they need to replenish. And that's just happening, so we're not seeing anything that's slipping to the right in those elements in the Middle East right now.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, and good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Good morning Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I wanted to ask another question about Missiles, and for, let's say, for the four years ended 2015, and this was fairly consistently a $6.5 billion business. Now we're going to $7 billion and then maybe a bit higher than that, and I heard what you said about the sustainability of demand through 2017 and also the fact that OPTEMPO is a factor, is a driver of the growth that we're seeing. So just when you think  I don't know if it's possible, but when you think about what's driven the growth in 2016 and maybe some additional growth in 2017, if you could sort of in maybe a couple of large buckets quantify what the drivers are in terms how much is OPTEMPO versus how much is anti-ship versus any other categories?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think there's really three  I'll hit it in three kind of big buckets. One is  you're obviously correct, is the OPTEMPO. I would say the other one is just the  actually call it the Third Offset Strategy type efforts that we're seeing in terms of enhancing missile capabilities. And I think I already talked about  I did talk about the SM-6 and the Tomahawk and adding in the anti-ship capabilities. And we're also seeing on the  essentially in the missile defense area, our whole SM-3 product line and the enhancements there relative to missile defense. And if you marry those to what you're seeing out in the world today, relative to the tempo efforts that are going on in the Middle East, the stuff from North Korea relative to the missile defense required for that, it ties in. And then the overall Third Offset Strategy bringing in the improvements in our Missiles across the board, including looking at hypersonics. I think those three things are driving it. So as I mentioned before, we're not seeing just one of the franchises, or a couple of the programs increasing in volume and increasing demand, it's across the whole portfolio. I think that's what's different.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. And if you  would you say that in those three buckets, are they roughly equal contributors to the overall growth of the business over the 2016, 2017 timeframe? Or is it much more weighted toward one or the other?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say, and I don't have the details in front of me, but the tempo is driving up at a faster rate than the other two. But the other two, the rates on those are increasing over prior years. How's that?
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Very good. Very good. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Carter.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I wanted to ask quickly about Forcepoint and the leadership change there and just if that signals anything about the company's direction or strategy or opportunities, challenges. I know that clearly the growth was pretty impressive on the ex-Stonesoft and ex-the legacy filtering stuff. So just wondered if you could speak to that and what you're seeing and what it means in terms of the change there?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, Carter, I'll just give you a quick, from a financial perspective, and then let Tom weigh in on it from a balance of the question there. But we didn't change the outlook for the year. So things are on track financially, both from a growth and a margin point of view. And we've been talking beyond this year that we would expect to see beyond the high single-digit growth rate this year, moving into the teens with some margin expansion. So all that still remains on track, and Tom can add to that as well.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So let me step back because we're going on one year since we acquired the Websense company and then integrated it in with our Raytheon Cyber Products group. And then with the recent acquisition of Stonesoft created a, I would call it a commercial cyber security products company that has about a $600 million revenue, which puts it right up there in terms of the largest cyber security commercial software companies in the world. And what we're seeing is the demand for those products across, essentially across each one of their major areas, the TRITON product, the Stonesoft next-generation firewalls, and the SureView product line that came out of RCP. And we're really looking at how do we go to the next level relative to the growth of that business. And one of the areas that we see as a big opportunity is in the large enterprises. The Websense company came across as a very strong, solid foundation in the SME area, small to medium-sized enterprises, with some large enterprises. But we see significant opportunity in expanding into the large enterprise area. And Matt Moynahan has significant experience in that area, his work all the way back in Symantec, Veracode and also at Arbor Networks. And so we needed to bring in a leader with that kind of experience to go drive the expansion and the market segmentation into those two groups. That's really the  he's the right guy to now come in and then take the steed. (44:19) J-Mac, John McCormack did an excellent job for us in the integration and making sure that we had a solid foundation, but we believe now it's time to bring in somebody who can take us into the next markets, especially in the large enterprises.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then just two quick follow-ups for Toby. One, on the adjustment in IDS, have you assumed any recovery whatsoever, a partial recovery of those costs? Or would that all be a reversal on upside? And then if you could remind us what the pension funding requirement stands at for 2017 and 2018?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Sure. On the IDS question, we've not assumed any additional recovery in our outlook beyond the charge we took, but as I mentioned and Tom mentioned, we are going to work to pursue that from our subcontractors going forward. On the pension requirement, next year  this year we're looking at about $165 million. Next year it's about $933 million, and as a reminder, that increase is due to the fact that the plan comes out of full funding from a PPA point of view. We now have to fund the annual service cost and obviously, given the market performance last year, we would be needing to recover and fund the  or amortize over a few years the shortfall that we had. When you look out beyond, in 2017 and beyond, I think the best way to think of it is from a net cash perspective, a net funding perspective. While it's not as much as this year, right, which is around a positive $1.3 billion, think of it as about $700 million based upon current assumptions per year in 2017 and beyond as a run rate going forward.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So it kind of flattens out from that 2017 level?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah. 2016 is a little bit of an anomaly given how CAF harmonization kicks in. We're still in full funding from a PPA point of view. So we have the spike up to the $1.3 billion. Last year, as a reminder, we were about $800 million, but the $700 million plus or minus would  based upon our current assumptions, would be a run rate.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thank you very much.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Hunter.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: So, you guys mentioned the term evolving priorities of your international customers in your prepared remarks and presumably, and you touched on this a little bit earlier, but presumably you're talking about the dynamics of an evolving battlefield. But is it also a comment embedded in there on an increasing focus on price or value for the money that they're spending as their needs evolve?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well I think there's always a concern on their part that they're getting value for their money. And I think that's one of the areas is does the system work. Can they operate the system? And I think my last trip in, seeing the fact that they are operating the systems that we provide and that they are seeing success is ensuring them at least the value that they're getting from our solution set that we offer. So I didn't see any issues relative to any of my visits in country, relative to any concerns in terms of value for what they're getting from us. Because they're getting the results.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Yep. And then you guys mentioned long-range strike as a funding priority, so I'll just bring it up. Is there any color you guys can provide us on your potential role on B-21 either whether it's radar or something else. I think a lot of people assumed you were part of the Boeing Lockheed team. Do you see yourselves possessing a role on that program going forward? Really anything you would be willing to provide on that would be great. Thanks for the time.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, unfortunately, we can't talk about it. So...
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Okay. Thought I'd ask. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Safran from Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Good morning, Rich.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Tom, I wanted to ask you a question. You had a release about an ATACMS replacement that you're offering a new missile design, long-range for a precision fire. So I had a bit of a multi-part question on that. So you've been talking about the demand for your current missile products. What's the interest level at the Pentagon right now for a new missile program? Has the Army decided to move ahead with a new missile program rather than just extend ATACMS? And I was wondering if you could give us any sense about the size and timing of the program, about any opportunity?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well it's definitely at its infancy right now. We are working with the Army, also with some of our competitors, to help them define what this program is moving forward. Obviously we feel that a new missile can provide the best capability with the best cost and being able to integrate as much of the new technology that's out there as possible. So that's really our position moving forward on it. It's at its infancy. And as we get more information relative to the Army, we'll be glad to share that with you over time.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then also on another program you were talking about, the next-generation Jammer and the $1 billion dollar award and the 15 engineering development pods. Could you discuss a little bit about how that contract will play out, period of performance there for the $1 billion reward? And if the Navy moves to the next phase, how big of an award could that be?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well again, this is  this award is to go complete the engineering, manufacturing and development phase of the program. And so the assets or the pods, 15 pods that are going to be developed are essentially EEMS assets, (50:23) assets that'll be used for qualification in terms of flight tests and also environmental tests that will be done on the pods to ensure that they meet the overall requirement needs of the United States Navy. So that's what that program is. Following that program, there'll be a transition to production, LRIP and then a full-on  you asked about a period of performance. It's approximately four years for that $1 billion-dollar program.
Richard T. Safran - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much for that. Appreciate it.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Strauss of UBS. Please proceed.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Good morning, David.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Just a quick housekeeping. Toby, on the IDS gain that you're expecting, is that  I think you said $125 million to $150 million before. I think you were talking about $100 million to $125 million. Is that correct?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: That's correct.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Going back to margins, obviously, moving around a fair amount at this point. I guess maybe Tom or Toby, could you maybe talk about what  by business, what you kind of see as a normalized margin level? I know margins are supposed to pick up in the back half of the year and into 2017. But you've got IDS looking like it's running below normal, SAS below, but Missiles may be a little bit above. So any color you could give around kind of what we should expect for normalized margins by business? Thanks.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: So I  David, I think that's a little tough to do, to really define normalized given the mix of development and production programs and the timing of completions and starts move around and it's not consistent business-by-business. What I can maybe give you a little bit of color on, I'll just go real quick by the businesses is maybe give you an indication on how we see things playing out through the balance of this year, right. So we talked about IDS and what happened in the quarter with the $36 million impact. But we do see the margin improving through the year, partly driven by improvement in business mix as some of our larger international programs move through the production cycle. And then you mentioned it a minute ago, we do have in the second half, in the third quarter, the gain from the exit of the venture, which is $125 million to $150 million, and that's about 210 to 250 basis points at the IDS level. For IIS we're expecting total year 7.4 to 7.6 (53:16). That would be roughly in line with 2015 after adjusting for the Q1 eBorders. What we see happening, compared to Q1 there, is improved mix moving going forward within IIS. Some improved productivity as we move through the year, and also some improvement coming from expected award fees for IIS. From a Missiles point of view, we talked about the impact in the first quarter with the $22 million adjustment, but if we look forward for the balance of the year, we still see Missiles getting to the 13% to 13.2% range with margins starting to improve or expand in Q2 and in the second half of the year. Really driven by mix and the timing and the ramp up of programs and some expected efficiencies that we would see at Missiles. At SAS, they were down year over year in Q1 as we expected really, driven by some mix, but they were a little bit ahead of our expectations for the quarter. And then, when we think about SAS moving forward, again we're still in the 12.9% to 13.1% range and we do expect the margin to improve throughout the year driven by more favorable mix and therefore the timing of some program improvements. At Forcepoint, real quick, margin improved in the quarter because of the addition of Websense the acquisition last year. It's still on track for the total year of 11.5% to 12.5% range. Really with a little bit more of a ramp or expansion in the second half of the year driven by two things, the completion of integration activities related to the Stonesoft acquisition and also as the sales ramp up in the back half of the year. So overall, we do see the cadence improving in Q2 as well as the second half, primarily as we progress through program lifecycles on some of our more recent awards and due to the timing of expected program improvements as well.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for the color.
Todd Ernst - Vice President-Investor Relations: Sure. And Mark, we have time for one more call or one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. Good morning. I wanted to ask on SAS, it does look like the backlog trends there are turning around pretty good after a few years of in decline. The 1Q is good and then the Jammer drops through. I'm not sure of the duration of the ones you booked in the quarter and then obviously the Jammer is a bit of a longer duration, but is SAS going vie for  start to vie for growing at or above company trends in 2017 and 2018 given the book of business you're getting?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean so the  you're absolutely correct on the Jammer. That's about a four-year period of performance. The other big contract, the classified one, is another four-year period of performance. So I would say it's going to have sustainable growth definitely over the next two years, just based on the bookings that they've received here in the last quarter, and obviously last year in 2015.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And Toby, just a quick one. As you look at this tax rate impact for this year, is this something that would be recurring as you have the three-year vest? So now we're building into the model for 2017 and 2018, 100 basis points lower tax rates.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: So there's the potential for it to be recurring, Myles. We have our shares that vest, some of them vest in Q1, and some of them vest in Q2. And the determination as to whether there'd be an impact is driven by where the market price of the stock is on the date they vest compared to the price at issuance, the strike price at issuance. So there could be volatility, but it could be negative volatility as well if our stock price were to go down. So we're going to have to assess that on an annual basis based upon the market and what's happening out there. So I wouldn't necessarily jump to the conclusion that the 100 basis point adjustment is the right thing. It will be really something that we'll have to look at on a year to year basis.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks so much.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Sure.
Todd Ernst - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter conference call in July. Mark?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - VP, IR Tom Kennedy - Chairman and CEO Anthony O'Brien - CFO
Analysts: Jason Gursky - Citigroup Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Howard Rubel - Jefferies Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan Research Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company Peter Arment - Sterne Agee
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark, and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Todd Ernst: All right. Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call, and the slides that we'll reference are available on our web site at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our web site. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby, and then we'll move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Tom Kennedy: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone. I am very pleased with both our fourth quarter and full year 2015 results, and I'd like to begin by touching on a few highlights. Our total book-to-bill ratio for the year was 1.09. This reflects strong global demand for our Advanced Solutions, and positions us well going into 2016. We finished the full year with top line growth of 2%, driven by our growth in our international business, which more than offset a slight decline in domestic. Company segment margins in 2015 were as expected, at 13.1%, as the team delivered solid operating performance. Cash flow was also solid, providing us the opportunity to return the majority of our cash flow to shareholders, while also funding our pension plans and investing in our future growth. So all in all, the company is performing very well, and we are confident in our future. As you can see from our 2015 results and the 2016 outlook, the global threat environment continues to drive demand for Raytheon solutions. I would also add that, in my conversations with our global customers, it is clear that short term shifts in economic growth factors have taken a back seat to ensuring the sovereignty and security of the nations that face these security threats. In particular, let me highlight what we are seeing in three regions. In the Middle East, demand signals increased last year, despite the decline in oil prices. Tensions within the region are driving demand for missile defense, long range radars, modernized command and control systems, sensors, cyber security and precision munitions; areas that align with our core strengths. I have been asked many times if oil prices have impacted demand. From our viewpoint, we have not seen a negative impact, and here is one of many examples why. Over the past year alone, Patriot has intercepted more than a dozen ballistic missiles fired in the region. Missiles that otherwise could have caused significant casualties and damage to critical infrastructure and defense sites. In the Asia-Pacific region, customers are also updating their missile defense systems, sensors and other capabilities in light of recent developments there. Increased tensions related to territorial disputes and evolving economic interests are motivating allies in this region, to invest more heavily in deterrent capabilities, to protect their national interest. As you may recall, South Korea awarded us a significant upgrade to its Patriot systems in 2015. Looking forward in 2016, we see opportunities across the region in tactical radars, ship-based radars, missiles, force protection systems and precision munitions. And in Europe, we are seeing renewed and increased interest from a number of countries, in acquiring integrated air and missile defense solutions, providing additional opportunities for Patriot and NASAMs. Domestically, we were pleased to see the passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act, which adjusted the defense budget caps higher for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017, including a 15% increased in modernization funding in fiscal year 2016. These changes provided much needed funding for our armed forces, while also improving visibility and predictability for the defense industry. This will yield a positive impact on our results beginning in 2016, and then continuing into 2017. Even as we emerge from several years of declining U.S. Defense budgets are now beginning to see growth, the environment remains competitive. To ensure Raytheon's long term competitive advantage, we have increased our independent research and development, capital expenditures, and other investments to fund the development of the advanced game changing technologies of the future. Ranging from hypersonics and cyber security to directed energy. As expected, IR&D reached 3% of our sales in 2015, a similar level is expected in 2016.  Now let me give you some more details about our 2015 results; strong demand from global customers drove bookings of $25.2 billion for the full year; a 5% increase over 2014. Domestic bookings were strong, with a full year book-to-bill ratio of 1.04. This sets up a better than originally expected domestic revenue growth outlook for 2016, which I will discuss more in a moment. International comprised 34% of our total bookings in 2015, and our international book-to-bill ratio was a very robust 1.19 for the year.  Total backlog at the end of 2015 was $34.7 billion, an increase of $1.1 billion over 2014. Again, providing a solid foundation, as we move into 2016. International ended the year at 43% of total backlog, compared to 40% at year end 2014. Successful execution of our growth strategy and increasing demand from our global customers resulted in return of growth in 2015, a year earlier than we had originally expected. Our full year 2015 international sales increased 9% over 2014, reaching 21% of our total annual sales, a new company record. In addition, for the second consecutive year, we saw good growth in classified sales, which increased about 6% in the year. In this environment, we are also continuously looking for more ways to lower our costs, enhance our competitiveness and improve affordability for our customers. A few examples include, executing our strategic sourcing strategy to reduce costs in our supply chain; leveraging our centralized global business services organization to more efficiently provide back office support to their businesses, and reducing our footprint, taking out a gross total of 1.9 million square feet in 2015. In addition, we have kicked off a new complexity reduction initiative to reduce costs and simplify business processes across the company. Looking forward to 2016, we expect to see continued strong demand, that should ultimately drive our bookings to the $25 billion to $26 billion range for the year. This would translate into a book-to-bill ratio of approximately 1.05. Key bookings for the year include Qatar early warning radar, the EMD phase as a next generation jammer, and SM3. More than ever before, demand from our global customers is broad-based and diversified. Along with the strong bookings we experienced in 2015, this continued strength should position us well to deliver revenue growth of between 3% to 5% in 2016, which is better than what we had mentioned when we provided our initial outlook during the Q3 earnings call. I would add that this includes an expectation of 2% to 4% growth from domestic customers. This would be the first time we have seen growth in our domestic business since 2009. Further, cash flow from operations is expected to increase significantly in 2016, from solid 2015 levels. The strong fundamental performance provides a foundation for the continuation of our balanced capital deployment strategy, with the objective of creating shareholder value. Our number one priority remains executing our growth strategy and investing it ourselves. Beyond this, we remain committed to providing a competitive dividend. We also continue to see value in our stock and expect to continue the share buyback at the 2015s robust levels. Part of our growth strategy is bringing our advanced cyber security capabilities to government and commercial customers around the world. In 2015, in support of this strategy, we increased our presence in the commercial cyber security market in a meaningful way, with the formation of Raytheon Websense. And earlier this month, we changed its name to Forcepoint to more effectively brand and position our broad cyber security capabilities in the market. We further strengthened Forcepoint by completing the acquisition of Stonesoft at the close of the fourth quarter. The small acquisition, which is consistent with our M&A strategy that we have articulated over the past several calls, provides next generation firewall technology that fills an important technology gap and broadens our cyber security capabilities. The Stonesoft acquisition will become part of the Forcepoint business segment. We are excited about the breadth and depth of the product offerings at Forcepoint, that places us in a strong competitive position. I'd like to close by thanking the Raytheon team for a great year, and for the dedication and all the efforts that went into returning the company to growth ahead of schedule, while continuing to deliver for our global customers. With that, let me turn it over to Toby.
Anthony O'Brien: Okay. Thanks Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the fourth quarter and full year results. Then I will discuss our outlook for 2016. After that, we will open up the call for questions. During my remarks, I will be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning, which are posted on our web site. Okay, would everyone please move to page 3? We are pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in both the fourth quarter and the full year, with bookings, sales, EPS and operating cash flow all consistent with or better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the fourth quarter, at $7.9 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.24, and for the year, we had bookings of $25.2 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.09. This sets the stage for continued growth in 2016, which I will discuss in more detail in just a few minutes. Sales were $6.3 billion in the quarter, up 3%, led by our missiles, IDS and Forcepoint businesses. International sales grew 16% in the fourth quarter, and for the year, sales were up 2%, ending at $23.2 billion. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.85 for the quarter, and $6.75 for the full year, which I will give a little more color on, in a few minutes. We also generated strong operating cash flow of $813 million for the quarter and $2.3 billion for the year, after a $200 million pre-tax discretionary pension contribution, which was not in our prior guidance. Additionally, during the quarter, the company repurchased 2 million shares of common stock for $250 million, bringing the full year 2015 repurchases to 9 million shares for about $1 billion. As we have previously disclosed in the fourth quarter of 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2 billion of the company's outstanding common stock. The company ended the year with a solid balance sheet and net debt of approximately $2.1 billion. Turning now to page 4, let me go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full year results. As I mentioned earlier, we had strong bookings of $7.9 billion in the quarter and $25.2 billion for the full year, resulting in a year end backlog of $34.7 billion. The company ended 2015 with a funded backlog of $25.1 billion, an increase of $2 billion from year end 2014. Its worth noting that both IDS and Missile Systems had outstanding bookings performance for the full year 2015. For the quarter, international orders represented 27% of our total company bookings, and for the full year was 34% of total bookings. And as Tom mentioned earlier, at the end of 2015, approximately 43% of our total backlog was international. Turning now to page 5; we had fourth quarter sales of $6.3 billion, up 3% over the same period in 2014. This was at the high end of the guidance range we had set in October. So looking now at the businesses; IDS had net sales of $1.7 billion in the quarter, and they were up 5% from the same period last year. Primarily due to higher sales on certain international Patriot programs and on the Air Warfare Destroyer program. Net sales at IIS were $1.4 billion in the quarter, down from the same period last year, primarily due to lower sales on an international classified program. Missile Systems had fourth quarter 2015 net sales of $1.9 billion, up 9% compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase was primarily due to higher sales on Paveway. SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion in Q4, the change was spread across numerous programs, with no one significant driver. And for Forcepoint, the increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Websense, which we completed in the second quarter of 2015. As a reminder, fourth quarter 2014 included the results for Raytheon cyber products only. For the full year, sales were $23.2 billion, up approximately 2% over full year 2014 consistent with expectations. International sales growth more than offset the slight decline in domestic sales. Moving ahead to page 6; we delivered solid operational performance in the quarter and the full year. Looking at business margins in the quarter, as expected, in the fourth quarter of 2015, IDS received a contract modification to restructure the AWD program, essentially separating our incentive fees from the shipyard's performance. This resulted in a favorable $53 million adjustment in the fourth quarter of 2015 for IDS. Missile Systems and SAS margins both exceeded the guidance range that we provided back in October, while both IIS and Forcepoint met our guidance. Turning to page 7, we had solid operating margin performance for the year. Segment margins were 13.1%, which was consistent with our expectations, and as a reminder, this included $181 million for the eBorder settlement earlier in the year at IIS, worth about 80 basis points. On page 8, you will see both the fourth quarter and full year EPS. In the fourth quarter 2015, our EPS was $1.85 and for the full year was $6.75. EPS for the quarter was strong and above the guidance we provided you in October; even after accounting for the extension of the R&D tax credit. As a reminder, the R&D tax credit was worth about $0.11 and was not in our prior guidance. Moving on to our 2016 guidance on page 9; we see sales in the range of between $24 billion and $24.5 billion, up 3% to 5% from 2015. The increase is driven by growth in both our domestic and international business. Our 2016 outlook for the deferred revenue adjustment is $67 million, and for the amortization of acquired intangibles is $121 million. Its important to note, that effective January 1, 2016, we reclassify amortization of acquired intangibles and the deferred revenue adjustment. This change affects all businesses other than Forcepoint, which had already been reporting that way. These non-cash items will no longer be reported within the business segments. Instead, these will be reported in separate deferred revenue adjustment and amortization of acquired intangibles lines, that we have provided for you here. A reconciliation that walks you from the prior method to the current one is in Attachment G to the press release. As for pension, we see the 2016 FAS/CAS adjustment at a positive $428 million, which I will discuss in just a minute. We expect net interest expense to be between $220 million and $230 million. We see our average diluted shares outstanding to be between $296 million and $298 million on a full year basis, a reduction of approximately 2% to 3%, driven by the continuation of our share repurchase program, which we expect at levels comparable to 2015. We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%. Our 2016 tax rate is higher than 2015, primarily due to the $0.29 per share favorable tax settlement we received in 2015. Its important to note that our 2016 tax rate includes the R&D tax credit, which was permanently extended at the end of 2015. In 2016, we see our EPS to be in the range of $6.80 to $7. Our operating cash flow for continuing operations for 2016 is expected to be between $2.7 billion and $3 billion, compared to $2.3 billion in 2015. As we sit here today, we do not anticipate making a discretionary contribution to our pension plans in 2016. As we previously mentioned, we did make a $200 million discretionary contribution in 2015.  Before moving on to page 10, I want to mention that we expect our 2016 bookings to be between $25 billion and $26 billion, driven by demand from a broad base of domestic and international customers, and we expect stronger bookings in the second half of the year, similar to the last several years. Continuing on to page 10, before I cover the 2016 guidance by business, its important to note that effective January 1, 2016, we reorganized the IDS and IIS business segments to move certain air traffic systems, border and critical infrastructure protection, and highway tolling programs from IDS to IIS. We did this to more efficiently leverage our capabilities within the businesses. To assist you with your modeling, you will find the recast segment data in the attachments provided at the end of the earnings release. Now moving to our initial 2016 guidance by business; at the midpoint of the sales range, we expect to see growth in all of our businesses in 2016. With respect to segment margins, consistent with our prior comments, we expect 2016 margins to continue to be solid in the 12.4% to 12.6% range, which is in line to slightly up when you compare to 2015 excluding the eBorders settlement. And similar to 2015, our 2016 segment margin outlook assumes that IR&D is approximately 3% of sales. I would also like to point out, that when it makes sense, we have and will continue to make opportunistic investments in specific next generation U.S. programs to better position the company for longer term organic growth. Investments which we believe will create value for our shareholders. At IDS, we see margins in the 15.9% to 16.1% range. I want to point out, that our full year 2016 guidance includes operating income at IDS related to an expected exit from certain business ventures later in 2016, which you can think of in the $100 million to $125 million range. Excluding this, the change from 2015 is driven by mix, most notably, we are continuing to ramp up on several new programs, including on a couple of Patriot awards that we received in early 2015 from South Korea and Saudi Arabia. As you know, we typically see lower margins at the inception of longer duration programs, which can increase over time, as we retire risk and drive operational efficiencies. We expect IIS margins of 7.4% to 7.6%. This is in line year-over-year when you adjust for the 2015 eBorders settlement. We see missiles margins in the 13% to 13.2% range, consistent with 2015. SAS margins are expected to be in the 12.9% to 13.1% range, down from 2015, driven by mix as a result of completing some international programs, as well as from higher business investments in 2016. And at Forcepoint, we expect margins to be in the 11.5% to 12.5% range, this includes the impact from the Stonesoft acquisition that Tom discussed earlier. Without this impact, margins would be approximately 15%. If you now turn to page 11, we have provided you with our 2016 outlook by quarter. You notice that sales ramp up throughout the year, and on page 12, as we have done in the past, we have provided a summary of the financial impact from pensions in 2015, as well as the projected impact for 2016 through 2018, holding all assumptions constant. As I mentioned earlier, we see the FAS/CAS adjustment in 2016 at a positive $428 million, which reflects our investment returns in 2015 on our U.S. pension assets, which were flat, and the December 31 discount rate of 4.5%. The discount rate is up 40 basis points from last year. Looking beyond 2016, keep in mind, each 25 basis point change in the discount rate drives a $70 million to $80 million change in FAS/CAS.  And finally on page 13, we have provided an updated three-year outlook of the acquisition accounting adjustments, to help you with your long term modeling. Please note that you will see a significant decline in the deferred revenue adjustment over the period, and the amortization of acquired intangible assets will begin to decline more significantly, after 2018. Before concluding, as we have discussed on past earning calls, with regard to our capital deployment strategy, we expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet at our current credit rating going forward. We remain focused on deploying capital to create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investments to support our growth plans, as well as returning capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, making smaller targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs, and from time-to-time, making discretionary contributions to our pension plans. Let me conclude by saying that in 2015, Raytheon again delivered solid operating performance, with bookings, sales, earnings and operating cash flow, on or ahead of expectations. Book-to-bill was strong, and our international business grew significantly. We have a strong balance sheet, which gives us flexibility and options to continue to drive shareholder value, and we are well positioned to grow in 2016 and beyond, both in our international and domestic business. So with that, we will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jason Gursky from Citi. Please proceed, sir.
Jason Gursky: Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the call here. I was wondering if you could just walk through the cadence for the year in a little bit more detail. Perhaps talking a little bit about opportunities and risks through the cadence for the year, what would cause things to come in a little earlier? What would cause things to get pushed out, and just kind of how you generally view the risks and opportunities for the cadence for the year, that would be great?
Anthony O'Brien: Hey Jason, it's Toby. So I think if we step back from this and look at a high level on the cadence, what you see from the revenue profile, it's not too dramatically different than last year. It's influenced by, as you would expect, the timing of awards, especially in 2015 and we had a strong back half to the year. So we see an influence to the ramp-up in the second half of the year, in part, driven by the growth and the timing of the awards we saw in late 2015. That flows through obviously to the EPS cadence, and the other thing I would add, the exit of business ventures at IDS that I talked, that's planned to be in the second half in Q3, which has an influence on the back half cadence from an EPS point of view as well.
Jason Gursky: And are you willing to offer a little bit more granularity on the businesses that you're exiting?
Anthony O'Brien: I think I'd put it this way; we constantly look at our portfolio. We talked on the call here about a couple of things, one which is just moving up some of the businesses from IDS to IIS, because we think its going to drive some more efficiencies, given how those products have matured, they are more of a service-support model. Where in the past, IIS had actually performed a lot of work on it. So we think we will get more efficiencies out of that. I can't get into too much detail right now, beyond what I said, for the exit of the business ventures at IDS, just because of the confidentiality around it. But we certainly can talk more about that, once that is concluded -- as we said here, we expect by the third quarter.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Thank you very much.
Anthony O'Brien: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Harned from Bernstein. Please proceed.
Doug Harned: Yes, good morning.
Tom Kennedy: Good morning Doug.
Doug Harned: I am interested in IDS, because if we go back a year ago, when you were looking forward, you were expecting some margin expansion that you would see operating margins up in the 15% range. And it seemed, as the year went on, you looked at new awards coming in, that pushed out in time, that margin expansion. But now, as you look at 2016 and if you make adjustment for the exit from those businesses, it seems like you are still at a lower margin level than one might think and one might have expected. Can you talk about how you look at that IDS trajectory now? I know you mentioned a couple of the new programs, which may put some pressure on margins in the near term. But I am trying to understand, when we can expect to get, kind of the full margin advantage one might expect from a mature set of international programs?
Anthony O'Brien: Sure Doug. Let me kind of walk through that, and try to give you some more color on that. So as I mentioned and you alluded to, we do have $100 million to $125 million in the 2016 forecast for IDS related to the exit of a business venture. I will note at IDS in any given year, in part because of the nature of their programs and the size of them, we have had favorable profit adjustments, that were significant. Maybe about the half of the size of this, if you look back over time. So this pickup is a bit larger, but it does help to offset, 2016, some of the mix that we have been talking about that you just referred to, with the ramp up of these programs that are in the early stages. Further, as we have talked about at both IDS and across the company, we are investing more, particularly in strategic areas, where we do see significant growth opportunities. We also continue to execute on some lower margin programs at IDS, such as AMDR, the Qatar ADOC, the classified radar program that we won last year, and all this taken together is a key component of our growth story. But in the near term, it is impacting our IDS margins as well. At the end of the day, even with the IDS margin, we have been able to maintain a solid company margin position and deliver top line growth due to the strength of the portfolio, and we continue to be focused on driving down our costs, over head and other costs for the last several years, and as you know, we have seen significant improvements from a number of different initiatives there around facilities, reductions, factory automation, strategic sourcing, expanding our shared services, working on our organization structure when we have collapsed from six to four businesses, and as we have talked about, internationally, we changed our model on how we approach international business, and that is clearly paying off from a growth perspective overall and internationally. As we now are resuming growth, we will continue to drive costs down with an objective to improve and grow earnings through both top line and margin improvement. As far as the cadence of IDS margins going forward, I would think of it this way, as you said, if you were to adjust for the exit of the business venture, I think as we said in the past, we would expect year-over-year and continue to see IDS margins improve incrementally. Again, adjusting for the impact of the business venture, as these larger production programs that run five years, kind of get into the sweet spot into 2017 and 2018, which would drive that improved margin at IDS.
Doug Harned: So if I have this right, then you are saying that you still expect with these attractive international contracts that you can get up to the margins, the sort of high 16s maybe margins we have seen in the past. But if this has just taken longer than you probably would have expected, six to 12 months ago.
Anthony O'Brien: So I am not going to give you beyond what we have put out there for 2016, margin expectation for IDS other than directional indication or cadence. But yes, we really haven't changed our thinking around this. You got to keep in mind, as we said; in the case of Patriot, these awards generally run five years, and a couple big ones that I mentioned in the prepared comments, those are -- we are only a year into those, and its usually into plus or minus the third year of those programs which will be starting in 2017, when we normally see the opportunity to retire risk, drive efficiencies. We also had, if you recall, at the end of 2014, a major award for Qatar. Again, that will kind of be hitting the sweet spot when we get into 2017. So I won't put a specific margin bogey out there, but we definitely would see improvement in 2017 and improvement over that in 2018, driven by these large programs.
Doug Harned: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George Shapiro: Yes. Toby, the cash flow, even if you add it back to $200 million, came kind of at the low end of your guidance, and then you have a bigger increase in 2016. Was some of that -- something was missing [indiscernible] or you just explained kind of the walk [ph] from the 2015 number of say 2.5, to get to the 2.7 to 3?
Anthony O'Brien: Yeah so, the way to think of it, George, you're right, we came in towards the low end, when you adjust for the discretionary pension contribution. When I look at the change year-over-year, its primarily driven by a combination of our net pension funding and lower cash taxes. From an operational or program level, we see things kind of in line with the cadence that we saw in 2015.
George Shapiro: Okay. Then one quick one, what was the organic growth if we looked at Forcepoint and put it in the acquisition, so what would it have been year-over-year?
Anthony O'Brien: For the company?
George Shapiro: For Forcepoint? I mean, if we put in the acquisition you made and we put in Websense for last year?
Anthony O'Brien: So if you'd normalize -- on a normalized basis for the full year, the topline would have been roughly flat, which is what we have been expecting. You are talking 2015, right?
George Shapiro: I am talking 2015, then I was going to ask the 2016 comparison?
Anthony O'Brien: Sure. For 2015, for Forcepoint normalized on a full year basis, the revenue growth would have been flat. That would have been, higher sales of the new products, the Trident platform, offset by a decline in the legacy products on the web filtering, which is consistent with what we have been expecting. If you roll it forward to 2016, and exclude the acquisition that Tom talked about for the next-gen firewall, we'd be looking at high single digit growth on a normalized basis.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much.
Anthony O'Brien: Okay, George.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Tom Kennedy: Good morning Rob.
Robert Stallard: Tom, you mentioned you're getting quite a few questions about the potential impact of the oil price on your defense export sales. I was wondering if you could size the proportion of either your backlog or your sales of going into the Middle East? And whether you have seen any signs from those customers of any changing priorities or deferrals of orders or deliveries or anything in particular? And then secondly, do you think this is the peak as a percentage of exports in your backlog? Thank you.
Tom Kennedy: That's an excellent question. Number one is, I just did come back from the Middle East visiting our key customers in multiple countries. So my statement in the script was really based on communications that I had directly with the leaders of these countries. And what I am seeing -- at least what I am hearing from these leaders is, their number one priority is to protect the sovereignty of their nation. And then words they use, I have mentioned this before and I heard it again just several weeks ago, is that a strong defense is a strong deterrence. And in fact, during my trip, we uncovered or told about several other opportunities in the region. So if anything, we are seeing a stronger demand than a slowdown, and that's my words were, that we are not seeing an impact relative to the price of oil at this time. I hope that gives you a complete answer, but that's what I am seeing directly from the leaders of these countries.
Robert Stallard: And just to follow-up on the backlog percentage, do you think this is about as high as you are going to get, at 43%?
Tom Kennedy: Not based on any opportunities we are seeing out there. There is always opportunity to grow, and its just a matter of bringing those opportunities across the goal line.
Anthony O'Brien: Hey Rob, so I'd maybe just add a little bit on that, just to put a little context. We expect strong bookings internationally to continue into 2016, roughly 35% plus or minus of the bookings that we -- that the range that we gave you. We expect it would be international. Keep in mind, we are projecting 2% to 4% growth domestically, as a subset of the three to five at the company level. And would expect international sales to be roughly at the same level in 2016 as 2015. So we continue to see, as Tom said, momentum in that area.
Robert Stallard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo. Please proceed, sir.
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning.
Tom Kennedy: Good morning Sam.
Sam Pearlstein: I was wondering if you could talk just philosophically about the decision you made to pull the amortization of intangibles or deferred revenue out of the segment? I am just wondering, when it comes to acquisition opportunities, doesn't that make the segments willing to pay a little higher price than they would have otherwise? How do you make sure that, now you have got the pricing right and the hurdle rates?
Anthony O'Brien: I will give you the answer, my view here in two parts, right. First of all, why we did it; if you recall back, April-May of last year, when we announced the Websense deal for that acquisition, we started with that convention, but only limited to that acquisition. And at the time, we contemplated doing it completely across the portfolio, but we didn't want to mess with the pure nature of the numbers around Websense. So we purposely deferred that to the end of the year, to have kind of a clean break going into 2016, and it obviously puts both of those elements on the same basis consistently across the company. So that's part one, why we did it. As far as the second part of your question, are we concerned about the businesses running or willing to pay more, even if that were to be the case, we have got a pretty disciplined process here at the company. We have got a core team and an acquisition review team, that all acquisitions have to go through. I am on that, Tom's on that, as you would imagine, a few others, and through that, we spend a lot of time around valuation, looking at it two three different ways. And I won't get into any stats, but I would tell you, there are plenty of deals in the past that we lost, because we wouldn't get higher. We lost on price, for a lack of a better way to say it. So I think we got the right controls and process in place within the company, to make sure that we continue to only bid and pay what is a fair value for any property.
Tom Kennedy: And just to follow-up, the decisions on acquisitions are done at the corporate level, not at the business level.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. Thanks. And if I could just follow-up Toby, if I just look at the first quarter, you have got the most working days, but clearly the lowest earnings. And I know you mentioned one of it was from the exit of those businesses later in the year. But how is it that earnings are so low that early in the year?
Anthony O'Brien: So you're right. There are more days, calendar days in Q1. That said, we still show growth in Q1 on a year-over-year basis. I think as you know, in any given quarter, some of our revenue depends upon, not just the number of days, but the timing of material, which is a significant portion of our cost base. We are guiding to 3% to 4% growth over last year's first quarter, and that puts our 2015 sales per day, roughly in line for the quarter. So we don't see anything abnormal about it, and part of it again, I think back to Jason's comment around the cadence, with the strong bookings we saw in the second half of the year, especially domestically, we'd see more of a ramp on that towards the back half of the year on our programs.
Sam Pearlstein: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Howard Rubel: Thank you very much. I want to talk maybe philosophically for a second also. I think I heard you or Tom say that you are willing to make some strategic investments in programs. And if I look at one of your competitors that has reported, they acknowledge taking a charge in LR/DR, and I also am aware that you have been challenged a little bit in a classified program at IIS. So could you talk a little bit about, what you are doing in terms of balancing growth opportunities, versus making sure you build a -- call it a wall of strategic advantage in your businesses, Tom?
Tom Kennedy: So I think, number one is, we do invest inside the company relative to ensuring that we have the right discriminators and differentiators to compete across all our businesses, and not only just to compete, but obviously to win. So those investments come through the avenue of IRAD, some capital investments, also people bringing on the right talent, so that we can go and win those major competitions, because they are the future franchises for the company. And that has been our overall strategy over the years. We look at programs that are going to have runs for decades. You know, what's the next Patriot, one of the examples is Air and Missile Defense Radar, that's going to be our next major franchise coming to fruition here in the next several years, next generation jammer win, the [indiscernible] win, these are all franchise programs, and we made sure over the years, that we have been investing in the right IRAD and the right capital to support those projects, and then also in having the right talent onboard. And that's just something that we do as part of the company moving forward. And the good news is, we are seeing the results of those investments. And again, the results for these franchises that we won over the last couple of years, and that we intend to continue to win, as we move forward, and we see a lot of opportunity here in 2016, 2017 to 2018 already in terms of new franchise opportunities. And so Howard, I think the bottom line is, we are making the right investments and we are seeing the right results relative to these new franchises.
Howard Rubel: Maybe just to follow-up, I want to make sure that you are not seeing the business becoming so competitive or changed the costs to -- I will call it to sustain your growth or to improve your position is becoming more costly, or more risky?
Tom Kennedy: I am not seeing it any different in the past. What I am seeing, which is nice, is I am seeing more opportunities in the last couple of years, than I saw in the prior years. So the bottom line is, there is a lot of opportunities out there, and we -- I would say, had a pretty good crystal ball, in making sure we made the right investments to be prepared to win those opportunities.
Howard Rubel: Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Hunter Keay: Hi. Thanks for the time. I appreciate it.
Tom Kennedy: Good morning Hunter.
Hunter Keay: Good morning. Maybe a little bit of a follow-up sort of contextually to Howard's question. But we saw the German [indiscernible] obviously over Patriot last year, and it sort of baked the question about your expectations for patriot over the next few years? And I was wondering if you could talk about that, maybe in the context of how much you have invested into things like facilities and R&D and headcount, in anticipation of Patriot win? And would it require you to maybe get a little more aggressive on price, in the event that you sort of need the volume to cover some of those investments that you have made, in anticipation of the awards, on Patriot specifically?
Tom Kennedy: Well, I think on Patriot, I think the investments have come through contracts, and then the other capital investments that we have made, the normal investments we make to, essentially being able to operate our factory in a lean and efficient manner. So that's -- I'll put that in context, and let me put together, the opportunities for Patriot in context. There was just a recent announcement by the new Minister of Defense, Macierewicz in Poland, relative to his support of pursuing the Patriot program with the U.S. government. In fact he even kind of did a joint announcement with the U.S. Ambassador to Poland on that subject, with an objective to be able to get something going here this year. So that's a really good news for us, that's a very large potential program for Poland there. And just as I mentioned earlier, I just returned from the Middle East and there is strong demand for additional Patriot assets there. I mentioned in my script, a number of -- over 10 intercepts by Patriot against ballistic region, just in that region of the Middle East. So there is a strong demand across Eastern Europe and also the Middle East for additional Patriot assets, but also for upgrade. For example, there is -- just in the upgrade area alone, there is an opportunity to upgrade 72 fire units, just to configuration of 3+. So there is upgrade potentials, and then there is also the new potentials for countries like Poland, and adding additional fire units to other countries in the Middle East region. And I am sure you are reading the newspapers, the information that I am getting, especially of all the Asia-Pacific activities that are going on. In fact today, there was an article relative to Fed in Korea, where we also have just gotten an award on Patriot there too. So the bottom line is, there seems to be a significant demand out there across multiple areas, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific region and the Middle East for Missile Defense, and Patriot is the System that's proven, and is the system of choice for these nations. That's where it stands.
Hunter Keay: And maybe Tom if you could, since you mentioned, can you maybe help us size the market opportunity for some of the retrofit work, maybe for 360 degree radar. Any context you can give us to sort of help think about it?
Tom Kennedy: Well you just [indiscernible] what I didn't mention, so that's part of the upgrade activities also. But there is definitely over $5 billion just on upgrades to configuration of 3 plus. There is opportunities on the radars that are -- its in the billions of dollars there, in terms of adding these 360 radars. By the way, that was one of the requests that I had in several of my meetings with key leaders in the Middle East. It was a desire to have our new lease, a 360 system added to their configurations. So I think that's getting out there. That capability is available, and we are hearing -- getting demand signals from customers on that. So the bottom line is, is Patriot is a franchise. We continue to evolve it, we continue to upgrade it and increase it's capabilities, add new technologies, and its -- we are seeing increased demand across those three major areas of the world. Again Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific, and also the Middle East.
Hunter Keay: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thank you very much. So Tom, I think you guys said you expect international to be 35% of bookings in 2016. That suggests that really if you do 25.5, you do about $9 billion up from what looks like 8.7. You have the Qatar award, but other than that, you don't seem to have as many identified large individual awards, as you did in 2015. Could you give us some more color of what would be driving that number that high?
Tom Kennedy: Well, you mentioned one of them, which was the Qatar EWR. We also have international Patriot greater than $1 billion worth of bookings that are in play. We have other activities in Qatar which we are pursuing, and we believe are accessible this year. There is a whole FMS in the area of AEGIS, supporting Aegis Ashore, and also upgrades on some ships in the international marketplace. For those who don't know, we do the Aegis radar and all the components and the subsystems for that radar. That alone is, for example, over $300 million. And then in the whole area of missiles, both air-to-air and air-to-surface missiles, a significant demand of greater than $3 billion, across multiple missiles, so there are multiple contracts. There is no one contract and missiles that's going to do it, but that's our portfolio. We have a very diverse portfolio that allows us to add these systems. International ISRO is over $700 million; and then we have our normal airborne radars and ISR, EO/IR systems, that's probably pretty close to $1 billion. So I think what's different this year than others is, we are seeing demand signals across our whole portfolio on the international side, and you'd say, why is that? While we mentioned before, that we are changing our strategy. About two years ago, we went from a regional strategy, to a country strategy and into that country strategy, we focused not on the one or two customers we have had in the past 30 years, but we expanded that, and now we are seeing that. But these other customers are buying that in the order of $500 million to $1 billion programs, not just $2 billion program. So bottom line is, our portfolio which is diverse, is now the first in international marketplace, and that's -- these opportunities are coming across multiple of our products.
Cai von Rumohr: So Tom, you have said that it takes three years to hit the margin sweet spot on five year Patriot contracts. The turn time, I would assume is going to be shorter missile programs, and some of these other programs. So should we start to see this later in 2016, in your margins or 2017? The non-Patriot programs?
Anthony O'Brien: Cai, it's Toby. I will jump in on this one. I think you'd really want to think about that out in 2017, and the other thing to keep in mind, with our international missile programs, they are essentially FMS and not direct commercial sales. So while they -- relatively speaking, have some incremental margin compared to our domestic business, it is different than if it were a DCS type of sale.
Cai von Rumohr: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Tom Kennedy: Sure.
Anthony O'Brien: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Sterne Agee. Please proceed.
Peter Arment: Yes. Good morning Tom and Toby.
Tom Kennedy: Good morning Peter.
Peter Arment: Tom, I guess I have a question, kind of an up tempo. Its good to see your return to growth domestically in 2016, but we are also seeing a step-up in the op tempo in the Middle East, and Raytheon's position is good as any, in terms of a lot of the air-to-surface missiles, and the ground support missiles that are being utilized. I mean, how does that impact Raytheon in terms of a bookings perspective? Do you see, is it a big long lag effect, or do you actually start to have those conversations?
Tom Kennedy: No. We just went through that, and the bottom line is, we expect a range next year, an increase in our international bookings. Its going to be $8.5 billion to $9 billion range next year, which is up from 2015. So we are seeing that increased demand, and its coming, again, across our whole portfolio, not just Patriot.
Peter Arment: I guess, I was referring to the domestic activity, in terms of the Army and Air Force, spending a lot of, what is the activity in ISIS, etcetera?
Tom Kennedy: You will start to see. That's part of the range growth we talked about on the domestic, 2% to 4%. Which is interesting, we mentioned, as we haven't grown domestically since 2009. In 2016, we will see 2% to 4% growth, and that's significant for us, and its coming because of the op tempo internationally, but also in the pent-up demand that the department has in refreshing a lot of their systems. Including, some new starts in the area of radars and other systems.
Peter Arment: Okay. Thank you for the clarity on that. Thanks.
Anthony O'Brien: And Peter, I think the way you can see that translate through, if you look at the -- our missiles business, right, they had pretty good growth in 2015, as we started to see the effect of that, and even better growth that we are guiding to for 2016. So that's the start of the flowthrough, from a revenue point of view, of what Tom just talked about from a demand perspective.
Tom Kennedy: Bottom line, growing internationally, we are growing domestically. And that's pretty good.
Peter Arment: Good to hear.
Todd Ernst: Okay. I think we are going to have to leave it there. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter conference call in April. Mark?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - Vice President-Investor Relations Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC Doug Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Rob Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark, and I'll be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd Ernst - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right, thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of the website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Toby O'Brien, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby, and then we'll move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone. A little over a year ago, we laid out a strategy to return the company to growth by evolving our approach to international markets and increasing investments in key technologies to better position the company for the future. Our strong growth during the third quarter reflects the traction that we are gaining from this strategy. In the quarter, our revenue increased by 6% driven primarily by missiles and IDS, as well as from an increased contribution from Raytheon|Websense. International revenue, which grew by 13% over last year's third quarter, rose to 32% of the company's total revenue. This is a record level for the company and was driven by customers across various regions turning to Raytheon's advanced technology to address the rapidly-evolving threats. I would also note that our growth was backed by strong cash flow generation reinforcing our strong financial foundation. Domestic revenue also increased in the quarter and was up a solid 3% driven in part by classified. Turning now to bookings. In the third quarter, international drove 26% of our total bookings. Key international awards included the second phase of the Air Defense Operations Center for Qatar, plus missiles, training and radars for a number of other international customers. Domestically, bookings included training, classified, as well as various missile programs including AIM-9X, the Joint Standoff Weapon, and SM-3. Given our year-to-date bookings strength and our expectation for a strong finish to the year, we are now raising our full-year 2015 bookings outlook to $25.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million, which translates into a book-to-bill ratio of approximately 1.1 for the year. This is $1 billion increase to the prior bookings range that we gave you last quarter, driven by strong demand from our global customers. Further, it sets the stage for solid top line growth in 2016 which Toby will talk about in a moment. In the quarter, IIS received good news on two key awards, one from the U.S. Air Force, and the other from the Department of Homeland Security. For the U.S. Air Force contract, which is often referred to as NISSC, Raytheon will be providing products and sustainment services that support NORAD and its mission to provide air, missile and space threat warnings, as well as critical command and control capabilities. NISSC has a $700 million ceiling value over five years. This competitive win was initially awarded to Raytheon in April of this year, but was protested. The protest was resolved in our favor late in the third quarter. I would add that this award follows a series of recent programs wins at IIS for high value-added services. These wins reflect our modernization through sustainment strategy. As for the Department of Homeland Security award, Raytheon was selected to be the prime contractor for the development and sustainment of the National Cyber Security Protection System, a system providing the vital infrastructure that assists more than 100 federal, civilian and government agencies with the protection of their networks against advanced cyber threats. This award has a ceiling value in excess of $1 billion over a seven year period. While this too has been protested, the customer recognized our compelling cyber strength when making the award, another strong validation of our cyber strategy and capabilities. In addition, we have been supporting our long term growth strategy by increasing investments in our business and advanced technologies. Consistent with our discussions on prior calls, IR&D is being directed to areas that we believe will be future growth markets, including directed energy and hypersonics and undersea to name just a few. Investments in these technologies will position us well for the future, as our customers look for capabilities to counter increasingly sophisticated threats that are developing on the horizon. I'd like to shift gears and take a minute to touch on our capital deployment strategy. We continue forward with a balanced approach and we are on track to achieve our $1 billion share buyback target for 2015 that we outlined back in July. After the close of the quarter, we did announce a small acquisition that fills a cyber security technology gap and enhances our position in high value managed security services, one of the fastest growing areas in the cyber security market. This is consistent with our go-forward strategy of pursuing smaller targeted bolt-on acquisitions. Before concluding, I would like to note that the Websense integration is on track. As you will recall, we are currently in the process of combining our legacy Raytheon Cyber Products business with the Websense acquisition that we completed in May. The business segment had solid margin performance in the quarter and we continue to work to integrate Raytheon Cyber Products technology into the Websense architecture. To close, I want to say how proud I am of the Raytheon team and their hard work and dedication that has allowed us to deliver growth despite sequestration and I want to thank them for their focus on performance which benefits our customers, our company and our shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks starting with the third quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would please turn to page three. We are pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the third quarter with sales, EPS and operating cash flow all at or better than our expectations. We had solid bookings in the third quarter of $5.3 billion. Sales were $5.8 billion in the quarter, up 6% led by our IDS, missiles and Raytheon|Websense businesses. EPS from continuing operations was $1.47, which I'll give a little more color on in a few minutes. And operating cash flow of $1.1 billion was better than our prior guidance driven by the timing of collections. Third quarter 2015 operating cash flow was significantly higher than last year's third quarter primarily due to the improvement in working capital and the timing of cash taxes paid in the quarter. During the quarter, the company repurchased 2.4 million shares of common stock for $250 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 7 million shares for $750 million. Turning now to page four. Let me start by providing some detail on our third quarter results. Company bookings for the third quarter were $5.3 billion. On a year-to-date basis, bookings were $17.4 billion, an increase of approximately $425 million over the same period last year. It's worth noting that on a trailing four-quarter basis, our book-to-bill ratio was 1.06, and as Tom just mentioned, given the strength of our overall bookings year-to-date, we now expect full year 2015 bookings to be approximately $25.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million, an increase of over $1 billion from the outlook on the last call in July. This provide a solid foundation for sales growth in 2016. For the quarter, international was 26% of our total company bookings and on a year-to-date basis was 37%. For the year, we expect international to be approximately 35% of total bookings. Backlog at the end of the third quarter was $33.6 billion compared to $33.2 billion at the end of the third quarter of last year. And on a funded basis, backlog was $24.4 billion, an increase of almost $1.5 billion compared to last year's third quarter. We expect 2015 year-end total backlog to be up between 4% and 8% from year-end 2014. If you now move to page five. Sales in the third quarter of 2015 were strong primarily due to the performance at IDS and missiles. Looking now at sales by business, IDS had third quarter 2015 net sales of $1.5 billion, an increase of approximately 7% compared to the third quarter of 2014. This increase was primarily due to two recent international Patriot awards. Missiles had net sales of $1.6 billion in the third quarter 2015, an increase of approximately 11%. This increase was driven by higher sales spread across various production programs including the TOW missile program and certain missile defense programs. In the third quarter 2015, IIS had net sales of $1.4 billion, down slightly when compared with the same quarter last year. SAS had net sales of $1.4 billion. The change versus last year was driven by volume on international tactical radar programs. And for Raytheon|Websense, the increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Websense, which we completed in the second quarter of 2015. As a reminder, third quarter 2014 included the results for only Raytheon Cyber Products. Moving ahead to page six, overall the company continues perform well. Our operating margin was 12.1% for the total company and 12.3% on a business segment basis. Year-to-date operating margin was 12.9% at both the total company and business segment level. As we discussed on the last few earnings calls. Compared to 2014, our margins for 2015 have been impacted by a change in program mix as well as higher investments. We continue to invest in ourselves with the objective of positioning the company for future growth. So, looking now at the business margins. The change in margins at IDS was primarily driven by a change in program mix on international Patriot programs nearing completion, which is similar to what we've experienced in the past when we've completed certain programs and ramped up on others. We expect IDS margins to be strong in the fourth quarter driven by strong performance as well as from an expected contractual modification. The change in margins at IIS was primarily driven by a change in program mix and acquisition related cost. Missiles margins increased 40 basis points in the third quarter 2015, primarily due to a change in program mix. SAS margins were down in the quarter as expected, compared with the same period last year primarily driven by higher net program efficiencies in the third quarter of 2014. And at Raytheon|Websense, the third quarter 2015 operating margin was driven by strong operating performance as well as the timing of restructuring expenses in the quarter. We expect restructuring cost to increase in the fourth quarter, reducing margins sequentially but still on track to meet the full year 2015 margin outlook. Turning now to page seven, third quarter 2015 EPS was $1.47, better than expected driven by improved margin primarily at missiles and SAS. As you look at the EPS walk, operations is being impacted by the investments we are making in the business and program mix. These are largely offset by our reduced share count. The timing of tax related items and non-cash expenses related to the Raytheon|Websense acquisition make up the difference. On page eight, we've tightened the full range for full year 2015 net sales, increasing the high end by $100 million. We now expect net sales to be between $23 billion and $23.3 billion. As we have done in prior years, during the third quarter, we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of this update, the FAS/CAS adjustment for the year decreased by $12 million from $197 million to $185 million, or an unfavorable impact of $0.03 per share. We're reaffirming our full year 2015 EPS outlook of $6.47 to $6.62. While this outlook is unchanged from our prior guidance, I would note that we were able to absorb the impact of the unfavorable $0.03 FAS/CAS adjustment. And as a reminder, we have not included in our 2015 guidance the potential extension of the R&D tax credit. If the legislation passes, it would favorably impact the effective tax rate by about 130 basis points and our EPS by about $0.11 per share. As I mentioned earlier, we repurchased 2.4 million shares of common stock for $250 million in the quarter and now see our diluted share count to be approximately 305 million shares for 2015. Operating cash flow in the third quarter was strong primarily due to the timing of collections. We continue to see our full year 2015 operating cash flow outlook coming in between $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion. And as you can see on page nine, we've included guidance by business. We've increased and tightened the full year sales outlook at both IDS and missiles. At IDS, this is driven by the program mix and performance to date that I discussed earlier. Missiles has also experienced better than expected year to date growth. In addition, we tightened the full year sales range for IIS and SAS. Now turning to margins. We've increased the range and expect higher full year operating margin performance for missiles and SAS. The strong year to date results exceeded our prior estimates. We lowered the range of our full year operating margin guidance for IDS driven by the change in program mix and performance to date. Now turning to next year. As we have done in the past, we intend to provide detailed 2016 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. However, as we sit here today, we currently see strong sales growth for 2016 at 3% to 4% over the midpoint of our 2015 outlook driven in part by some new development awards we are expecting. We expect segment margins to be flat to up for 2016 compared to 2015 excluding the eBorders settlement in 2015, and depending upon the mix from higher volume in 2016. This positions us well going forward with further margin expansion over time as new development wins lead to production. I would also add that we currently expect FAS/CAS to improve in 2016 over 2015, which I'll talk about in a moment. In addition, we expect operating cash flow from continuing operations to be higher in 2016 versus 2015 after adjusting for the eBorder settlement. Of course, I want to caveat all this by saying our assumptions are based on a defense budget being approved in Washington before year end, thereby avoiding an extended CR or a government shutdown. So if you could please move to page 10. We have provided a FAS/CAS pension adjustment matrix for 2016 as we've done in prior years. As I just mentioned, we expect to see improvement to the FAS/CAS adjustment in 2016 compared to 2015 given the current interest rate environment and asset returns. That said, and just to be clear, the discount rate and the actual asset returns won't be known until we close out 2015. We'll provide a more detailed pension outlook on our January year-end call. Before concluding, as we have discussed on past earnings calls with regard to our capital deployment strategy, we expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet at our current credit rating going forward. We remain focused on deploying capital to create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investments to support our growth plans, as well as returning capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, making smaller, targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs, and from time to time making discretionary contributions to our pension plans. And as a reminder, as we said on the second quarter earnings call in July, we increased our share buyback by $250 million from our original expectation, bringing the full year 2015 buyback to approximately $1 billion. In summary, we saw solid performance in the third quarter. Bookings were strong, our sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations were all at or above our expectations. And our strong cash flow and balance sheet will allow us to continue to drive value for our customers and our shareholders. We are well positioned for continued growth in 2016. With that, Tom and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Carter Copeland from Barclays. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, Tom, Toby.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I wondered if we might just kind of get a little bit more color on IDS. Obviously, it seems like the top line is quite strong. That has implications for the mix I think relative to your commentary about 2016 that you've sort of been hinting at recently. Should we think that you've got a little bit more top line with a little bit less favorable mix next year than what you were talking about before or is this sort of in line with where you were before?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Well look, Carter, let me talk about this year for a little minute because I think it's kind of a precursor heading into 2016. So for IDS, as I mentioned, we still expect margins in Q4 to be strong. We did however adjust our guidance. It does reflect, as you just suggested, an update in mix and our performance to date. Specifically, we are seeing more development work on programs like AMDR, and we have had some increase in our content on AWD. Combine that with the fact that we're still ramping up on some of our other large recent awards, which we've talked about in the past. They start out at lower margins. They expand their margins over time as they progress to this cycle and retire risk. So we're still seeing that mix issue impact us as we go through the balance of this year, okay. But that bodes well for the future, as those development programs move into production. And that thought is contemplated in the initial outlook that we gave you for 2016.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, so there's no material change in the performance expectation of the EACs, it's more just the mix of the work you're saying.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: That is correct.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say it's development program driven growth that exceeded our expectations at IDS this year. And what that does lead us into opportunities in 2016, 2017 and 2018 as we transition those programs into production, on top of all of the Patriot production work that we are starting up on now, for example, Qatar program. So we have a very positive outlook for IDS. Just a reminder, both Toby and myself ran that business so we know all the levers in driving margin in the business. And we see clear signs and opportunities based on the mix that they have today moving into 2016 and 2017 and 2018.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then a quick follow up. I don't know if you can tell from a pro forma basis on the Raytheon|Websense top line, what it would have been like had you owned it or maybe break out what Raytheon Cyber Products maybe did in growth terms year over year? Do you have any color in that?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Well, the growth that we show obviously because we only had Cyber Products in last year's third quarter, is essentially all from the acquisition of Websense. And the way to think about it, it would have, to answer your question, it would have been flat year over year.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Good morning.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I wanted to ask  morning  to ask about missiles and this was sort of the second quarter in a row that you've increased the sales guidance there. And you were up I guess about 5% or 6% from where you were at the start of the year. And talk about really what's driving that. How much of it is coming from the Middle East? Kind of how sustainable that is and put some ties around that.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, I'll start and then obviously Tom can jump in here if he wants to add some color. So to your point, missile sales were up in the third quarter from prior year, double digits around 11%, and that's sequential growth as well. We do expect the missiles sales cadence to continue to improve into Q4, really driven by volume from our production programs. And it's really not one individual program as I mentioned in my opening comments. It's across multiple production programs, TOW, and some of the standard missile family of programs as well. For the total year, we see sales growth in the mid single digits. Obviously as you said, we have updated our guidance to reflect the favorable performance year to date in our outlook for Q4. But there's not one individual program and/or country if you will that's driving that. It's just a very strong portfolio of programs that's pushing the growth up in the missiles business.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Can I just jump on that? I mean, you did see there was a successful SM-3 launch this past week with our European coalition partners. And so we see a significant demand signal pull for missile defense missiles relative to our European partners outside of the US itself. And then if you go across the regions, you do know that there's significant turmoil in the Eastern Europe area, so we see demand signals there, obviously in the Middle East. But we're also starting to see demand signals in the Asia-Pacific region. We saw it initially in South Korea with Patriot orders, but we were also seeing it in the areas relative to replenishing the weapons that they have. So it's not just in one region, it's essentially across the globe that we're seeing these demand signal pulls.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And I just -
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: And I think, just Seth, another thing that reinforces that, the bookings for the quarter, AIM-9X, Paveway, JSOW, spares, et cetera, right, SM-3. It's again, it's across that portfolio that we have in our missiles business.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, okay thanks. Just as a real quick follow-up on a totally different topic, we heard a little earlier in the week about some delays from the government in executing undefinitized contract actions. Just wondering if you've seen anything similar.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I mean, these are  are you talking about UCAs?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: UCAs, yeah.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, yeah and if those are having any impact on your platform.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'll tell you, it is an area that we track in the business. It is something that is necessary especially relative to FMS contracts to shorten the period of getting on contract and starting to work the programs. We do track and try to drive the definitization of those UCAs as soon as possible. I mean, that's something we work with directly with the Department of Defense. And I can tell you I have my, I review those on a periodic basis to make sure that they're not getting out of control. I can tell you, the department wants to definitize them as soon as possible also, but it is a lot of work. And we just got to make sure that we work hand and glove together with the government to drive those to closure as soon as possible.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cai von Rumohr from Cowen. Please proceed.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you very much and good quarter, guys.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Cai.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: So your guidance on international of 35% orders kind of works out, looks like it's $2.6 billion in orders in the fourth quarter. That looks like a pretty big number. Could you give us some color on what's in there, any particular single large awards?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah. So, I'll give you at a high level, Cai. Unlike prior years, we don't have any binary $1 billion-plus type of awards whether it be international or domestic in the fourth quarter. So there is not one particular program or award that's driving it. We do have several programs in the $500 million range, plus or minus. And Tom, I don t know if you want to comment any more detail on.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean there's several Patriot related awards. We're also looking at the several C5I awards also. And this is not international, but the domestic air, some air traffic work. And then we already mentioned the missile company in terms of their portfolio of missiles being in demand on the international marketplace. I do want to mention something, go back to something that Toby said about the binaries. And in the past, we've always had one of these big $1 billion or multi-billion dollar binaries we were waiting on. One of the elements of our international strategy was to not just have one but to have three or four binaries, so that we were never relying on any given one. And that's actually the position, the great position we're in today. We don't just have one order we're waiting for to be able to achieve several billion dollars worth of international bookings. And it's kind of a different  it's a totally different feel here. It's a great feel, by the way, that we don't have to hang our hat on one big binary in any quarter. But the bottom line is the international strategy we put in place is paying off relative to that.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Terrific. Your R&D was up 100 basis points as a percent of sales. Maybe give us some color what you're spending on, where it should be for the year, and how much of that is recoverable under IR&D?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's all IR&D, so it's all recoverable depending on whether it's a cost plus contract in our rates or a firm fixed-price contract. So that's the answer to your first one. The areas that we've been concentrating on and we've been talking about this on the calls is high energy lasers. It's been a big area for us. We do see that as a new up and coming area. There's a lot of demand signal from multiple services. Also, the other big area is hypersonics. As the threat gets more and more sophisticated, it requires more, I would call it speed and agility to be able to get to the threat and hypersonics are becoming a big part of that. So we are investing in that. We've had some great successes in terms of wins on some advanced technology contracts with DARPA in the hypersonics area over the last four months. And then also, we're really engaging in the undersea area and really looking as that starts to expand and becoming an area of interest, especially relative to anti-access/area denial. We continue to invest in advanced EW, again driven by the need for a systems to counter the evolving threat. And we also see a demand, especially across the Middle East region for our C5ISR solutions. So we're continuing to invest in that product line.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: And Cai, I think your question about recoverability, think of it this way. About a quarter of that increase, at least in dollars, so about $15 million of that relates to Websense. So that obviously on the commercial side, not recoverable on US government contracts. But the balance of the increase is recoverable on our contracts.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Harned from Bernstein. Please proceed.
Doug Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I wanted to go back to Carter's question on IDS, because I just wanted to make sure we understand what happened sort of Q3 to Q4. Is the change, the fact that the margins are lower in Q3, and you expect them to then increase in Q4, does that have to do more with timing on specific programs, particularly international ones or is it more increased spending in the quarter for things like AMDR? What changed from what you thought was going to happen a quarter ago?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: From Q3 to Q4, Doug?
Doug Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Well, no. In Q2, when you laid out your guidance, clearly, you had thought you would have higher margins earlier, and that's been pushed out. What changed there?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, so I think that a couple of things that  and I'll try not to be repetitive to Carter's question here. So the mix is changing, right, so we're seeing higher volume. But because of the higher levels of development work and some increases on AWD that are at lower margins, we're seeing that which is new compared to what we had expected before. The other thing too, we, as I mentioned in my comments, we do expect, which is not atypical, to have a contract modification that will result in income that we recognize in the fourth quarter, and the magnitude of that is a little less than what we had previously expected. So from a Q4 point of view and therefore a total year perspective, that those are the two major things that are driving the change.
Doug Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then when you look at international, it's a lot of focus on things that the binaries, as you were referring to them, and those often are Patriot systems, things like that. If you look beyond it, I'm trying to get a sense of what other areas, such as early warning radars, potential Hawk replacements, when you look at some of the other systems out there that may be in pretty good demand, can you characterize how important those are relative to some of these big systems that make the big headlines?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well I would say for example, the TPY-2 radar that's part of THAAD, but it's also now being looked at as essentially an early warning radar. It's kind of standing on its own and we're getting  there's been a lot of interest on that system within THAAD obviously, but also outside of THAAD. So that's, I would call that, that's been a development that's been occurring here over the last couple of years. So we see that in the future as a major international system that we provide. Obviously, we have the Patriot System itself. We have a big award in 2016. It's the Qatar early warning radar. So it's on the order of $1 billion potential for that system. That's getting ready to go through congressional notification. And earlier had a congressional notification but the customer wanted to increase the size of the radar, so we have to go back. And that looks like that'll complete this year with CN and with an award in 2016. We also, we talked quite a bit about a lot of our missile products which are big. And you are correct, we are getting traction in integrated air and missile defense, especially relative to our NASAM system. That's starting to get traction especially as a replacement to the Hawk System. So outside of Patriot, we see multiple other areas that are allowing us to essentially get out of this pure Patriot binary that we're waiting on.
Doug Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gursky from Citi. Please proceed.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey good morning. Hey, Toby, a couple of quick clarification questions for you. Can you give us a sense of how much that contract mod might we worth so that we can get a truer sense of what sustainable margins are in the fourth quarter?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, so as far as the amount, we're still in negotiations and working through this with our customer. So unfortunately, Jason, I won't give you specifics. But what I can tell you to maybe try to help you size it, if you remember, we did have a similar type of item at IDS in last year's fourth quarter. But I would tell you that was of higher value or higher magnitude than the one we're looking at here. Our run rate for the quarter, even if you exclude this item, I would tell you our run rate for the quarter would still be better than our year to date performance. So even without that item, the Q4 margin would be better than year to date.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Another clarification question, the flat to up margins that you suggested for next year, ex the eBorder settlement, is that at the segment level or total company-wide operating margins?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: That's a fair question. That's at the segment level.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay great. And then lastly from me, your bookings that you're expecting for this year, does the resolution of the continuing resolution have any impact on that outcome?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: No, Jason. We feel good about the outlook for this year regardless of what happens with the shutdown.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So on our domestic, none of them are new starts, and there's also a significant amount of international which is obviously independent of the CR.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: And hey, Jason, just a little bit of a follow up to your question about the margin rate for next year, as I said, it is at the segment level. And as a reminder, obviously we'll update it in January, but we do expect our FAS/CAS to be improved next year from this year as well, if you're thinking about it from a total company point of view.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Right, and then at that segment level guidance then, are you willing at this point to give us a first look at whether any of those segments will be up more than others? Are there any big movements in any of the segments? Are you saying that total segments are going to be flat to up? Is there any movement up or down that we should be aware of?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, no I mean our goal today was to give everyone a high look at where we are headed for next year. We're in the middle of our process for locking down 2016. So we're not going to go any deeper than we did, but certainly in January, we'll give you all the details and the color around each of the businesses.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Fair enough. Thank you very much, guys.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Good morning, Sam. How are you doing?
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. How are you?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're doing great.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: When you're growing, it feels good.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Can you ask you a question? I know you have thousands of programs, but to just ask about a couple. Any update in terms of 3DELRR, in terms of the protest, when that might get re-awarded? And then any comments in terms of the long range discrimination radar and what happened with that one.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, let me hit the 3DELRR first. For those who don't know, we essentially were awarded the 3DELRR. There was a protest. And through the protest process, the U.S. Air Force has decided to essentially recompete the 3DELRR. So that's right now in a competition. At the same time, we are in an appeal process to see if we can undo that and have the award sustained. So that's where we're at on that. I can't really say much more about that one. You are correct on the long range discrimination radar. There was an announcement last night that didn't go in our favor. We are obviously disappointed in that. We feel we had a good solution for the Missile Defense Agency. And we are awaiting our debrief because we really don't have any more information than essentially you have based on the release out of the DoD.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And so if I can follow up, if I look at that grid on page 10, can you kind of talk about where you would be right now if we ended the year? And then secondly, have you given any thought or would you consider voluntary contributions this year to help move that a little bit as well?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, so our return year to date is around 1%, okay, on our assets to the first part of your question. I'll just add a little bit more color there. And if we were even to remain flat for the remainder of the year, as I mentioned earlier when, to Jason's question, we would still see our FAS/CAS income for 2016 to be better than 2015, as I mentioned earlier. As far as the discretionary contribution, that is an element of our balanced capital deployment. We will look from time to time to make that. Right now, we don't have a plan to do that, but it's certainly something depending upon how things shape up over the next couple of months that we'll be evaluating, and certainly we'll obviously let everyone know if we choose to do something there.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please proceed.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yes. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, George.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: At the Analyst Meeting in September, you'd commented that the big increases in margins on these international contracts usually occur three or four years out. Now there's a change in the guidance this quarter. Any change changed that at all or are we still probably look for maybe some margin improvement next year, but the bigger increase is in 2017 and 2018?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, George, it's Toby. I mean what we said for next year, early look right, was flat to slightly up on margins. But related to those major production programs, it would really be 2017 and 2018 when we'd be in the sweet spot from driving the productivity and the efficiencies on those programs.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: And then, Toby, just one further clarification. The segment margin, it's probably pretty trivial. But does that include Websense or does that just relating to the defense pieces?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: No, it includes Websense, but it does not include the amortization of the intangibles or the deferred revenue. So it includes their operating results, if you will.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay, and those margins should get better next year, I mean even though you commented the fourth quarter will be much weaker than the 17.5% you just reported.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, we would see on an operating basis excluding the accounting in acquisition related adjustments, we would see margins next year in the high teens, okay. And what's happening here, this year, Q2 had low margins for Websense because of the restructuring related activities. And it's just a timing issue. We didn't have much going on relative to how those costs we incurred in Q3. We expect them to pick back up, if you will, as we work towards completing the integration activities, which is going to drive the margins down in Q4. But again, all within the outlook we've given for the year for Websense.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: And then last quick one. You mentioned I thought in an earlier question that Websense on a pro forma basis was relatively flat with last year. So what starts the growth next year that you've been looking for?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, so what's happening at Websense, we're seeing growth in their TRITON platform and their TRITON product and related services in around the 10% range. And as we've talked about before, they have a legacy web filtering business that has been declining. It continues to decline and the two of those are kind of a push that get us to that flat. So what would drive the growth in the future is both the combination of the expansion of TRITON but also the integration of the Raytheon Cyber Products into the TRITON platform and the synergies of cross-selling across both customer sets that Websense bring to the table and RCP bring to the table.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, George.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Robert.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So, Tom, just going back to IDS and thinking about the 3% to 4% top line growth in the context of all the business you've won, and moving past the fourth quarter dynamics which sounds at least on the margin side somewhat one time, how do we think about the ramp at IDS with all this new business particularly in international Patriot over the next couple of years? And how significant a part of the 3% to 4% is that next year? Meaning is that primarily driven by IDS or you're getting some help from missile systems there as well?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well on IDS, let's talk about IDS first. So the new awards, especially the big Patriot awards are normally about a five-year period to essentially get through those programs. So on these new ones, for example Qatar, we're just in the first inning, essentially the first year of that contract. So we're in the, I would call it the ramping up element. And Toby addressed this on a prior question here. So we see the sweet spots, especially relative to the Patriot orders occurring in the 2017 and 2018 timeframe relative to the margin expansion as we ramp up.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So does that mean, Tom, that the segments are going to all be somewhat similar? Or the growth segments, I'm looking at missiles systems and IDS, and that essentially the other two primary segments are a partial offset there?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, Rob, I think again, we were just trying to give everybody a high level look at next year. We're not prepared to go into the details by business because some things are probably going to move around between now and January when we do that for you guys. As I mentioned, we're still in the middle of our process of walking this all down.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then just on services itself, there's a lot of activity in the market, some people buying, others selling. You've gotten deeper into commercial cyber. Is there any kind of portfolio shaping that's left at IIS just to streamline services going forward in a market that seems a little bit volatile, if I may?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah so, Robert, we continually look at that in terms of our portfolio shaping, essentially quarterly in terms of all of our programs. And then we mentioned this on prior calls, we never got into the fed IT business. We had good vision and I guess we had the right crystal ball at the time not to get into that particular business area. So most of our services are what we call the value-added type services in terms of servicing our products and our solutions. We're getting us into areas where we can do maintenance and sustainment and also upgrades to systems that are out there which essentially fits better into our overall portfolio of other systems.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: And I think, Rob, in general, we're always looking at that across the company.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Including if there are certain programs or products that are better suited even internally in one business or another. So, it's something we constantly look at.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All right. It sounds like you're pretty happy with the portfolio. And then just a quick one. I don't know what you can say on this. You were asked about it last quarter, but I'm going to ask it differently. I know you can't talk about what you'll do for bomber, but can you tell us which team you're more significantly positioned on?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I wish I could tell you anything on the bomber, but I'm not going to be able to tell  go there on that answer.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sorry about that.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All right. Okay thanks, Tom.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Please proceed.
Rob Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Robert.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Hi, Rob.
Rob Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just quickly on the cash front, Tom, both of you actually, Tom and Toby. You both mentioned that your appetite for acquisitions going forward would be pretty small. I was wondering what sort of free cash flow return to shareholders we might anticipate looking forward. We're looking at sort of 90% or something like that. And then as a follow up, what do you think the split would be of that return between buybacks and dividends? Thank you.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll give you kind of the top line here, and we keep readdressing this at all our calls to make sure that you understand how consistent we are on it. And we do drive a balanced capital deployment strategy. And so we look at all avenues and try to make sure we do the right thing for the shareholder in terms of total shareholder return. So from that perspective, I'll give it over to Toby here to go through the, I guess the exact numbers as we move forward.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, so I think, Rob, as you know we've been in the range of 80% to 90% the last few years. Be similar this year, depending on how things shake out a little bit. As far as going forward, I think generally speaking, I think of it at the same way in the context of the broad balanced capital deployment strategy that Tom just referred to. Again, we think it's served us well historically. As far as the mix, I won't comment specifically on a mix of how that return would split between dividend and/or buyback. But what I would tell you, that both elements would be part of our return to shareholders going forward. Obviously, we're subject to board approval on these things. But from a dividend perspective, obviously we want to make sure it's competitive and sustainable at the same time. And we'll give you all an update early next year as to our thinking on that, and I think it's usually our March timeframe when we get the board to vote on the dividend, and we'll provide you that detailed information. But you're absolutely right, too, about the aspect of acquisitions, and just to be very clear, we don't have sitting here today any $1 billion-plus deals that we're contemplating for any part of the portfolio including our commercial cyber venture. It would be the more niche targeted type of acquisitions that fill technology gaps or product gaps or customer gaps as we've talked about.
Rob Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's great. Thanks very much.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thanks, Robert.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Please proceed.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: On the strong cash flow this quarter, I think you mentioned cash tax timing. Can you tell us what were cash taxes in the quarter and then what's the full year expectation? And then is there any opportunity to outperform your cash flow guidance?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: So, let me start with the last one first. I mean we feel pretty comfortable. Obviously we've got a range of a couple hundred million dollars on the cash flow outlook for the year of the $2.5 billion to the $2.7 billion. As far as Q3 of 2015 versus 2014, the cash taxes were favorable by about $130 million on a quarter-over-quarter basis there. Let me just check on the absolute amount of the cash taxes here for you. So the cash taxes paid this year were about $300 million.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: That's year to date or for the full year?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: No, that was in the quarter, okay. For full year it's about $1.2 billion.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, got you, got you. And then just one follow-up guys. It's some of the wins you had, I think LISC and NORAD that came off, I thought they were in the IIS segment. And I think you made some comments at the beginning, but are those in IIS? And if so, I was surprised, I mean we didn't get a guidance increase in that segment.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: They were both in IIS, that's correct. Just remember, one of them, the DOMino is being protested. So it was not  I mean it was awarded, but then protested.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. Okay.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The NISSC was protested, and then the protest went in our favor. So that one's done. But DOMino award was protested and it's still in protest.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, and obviously where there wasn't a guidance increase, Pete, those were contemplated in the outlook we had previously given.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, good morning. Thank you.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Hunter.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Good morning.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Just a follow-up to Rob's question about the capital deployment. I understand you guys want to give yourselves some flexibility. But just if we just go through just some of the moving parts in terms of sort of higher operating cash flow next year net of eBorders. Given the 80% to 90% return policy, which has been how you guys have thought about it historically, would you say at a baseline, it's probably fair to assume that the repo continues at this $250 million s quarter, $1 billion annual run rate at a baseline barring a major change in sort of the funding environment? Is it fair to think about it that way?
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, I wouldn't think of it that way necessarily. I mean we bumped it up this year, right. We were at $750 million. We went up to $1 billion, based upon how we felt about where the stock was valued and the growth opportunities that we had in front of us to improve the valuation in the stock, which we've talked about today relative to the strong bookings to date, the backlog, the growth we see for next year. We obviously still think that there's upside in the valuation from Websense. We know we're in a kind of a wait and see period here. But over time, and again not to beat a dead horse, right, we just wanted to give you all a high level view of things and we'll certainly provide more color and specificity on the detailed components of our overall capital plan in the January call as well.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right, I think the other message we wanted to send is that the growth in 2015 is not limited to 2015, based obviously on our backlog but also what we see in the demand signal pulls, we will be growing in 2016. That was really the message.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. All right, thanks guys. And then as we think about international a little bit more, sort of parsing that out a little bit. Maybe this is an incorrect conclusion, but does the orientation towards some of the smaller size awards dovetail into maybe more of a direct commercial mix versus FMS, or is that just a line that shouldn't be drawn? And if you could give me at a higher level sort of how foreign direct has trended as a percentage of the international bookings and backlog over the last couple years and how you sort of expect that to trend moving forward into next year?
Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me give you kind of our strategy relative to FMS versus direct commercial sale. So number one is, we always work with the customer. And if a customer prefers to go FMS, we obviously support that customer and go on FMS. If there is a choice to be made between FMS and direct commercial sale, we do look at in terms of what is the overall risk in taking a direct commercial sale. So we're pretty prudent in terms of how we make the decisions relative to pushing FMS versus DCS. Now that being said, we do have significant DCS opportunities. We have the direct commercial sale work in-house today that we're doing quite well on. And Toby can give you the exact breakout.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, so at the end of Q3, about 40% of our international backlog was FMS with the balance being direct commercial, so the 40-60 split. That's changed a little bit. It's come, the FMS content percentage-wise has come down a little bit by maybe about 5 points. So that had been a little bit higher, around 45%. Going forward, I don't know that I'd necessarily expect any major change. I'm thinking we'd probably continue to be in that 40% to 45% range at any given point depending upon the mix of programs. And as Tom said, some of them we have to have FMS. Some of them we'll try to drive to DCS. But I wouldn't expect any significant change in that mix.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Okay.
Todd Ernst - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right. It looks like we're going to have to leave it there. Thank you everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call in January. Mark?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - Vice President, Investor Relations Thomas Kennedy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Toby OBrien - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Carter Copeland - Barclays Peter Arment - Sterne Agee Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada Jason Gursky - Citi Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank Howard Rubel - Jefferies Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research David Strauss - UBS Richard Safran - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Raytheon Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Todd Ernst, Vice President of...
Todd Ernst: Investor relations. Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that well reference are available on our Web site at raytheon.com. Following this mornings call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the investor relations section of our Web site. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby OBrien, our Chief Financial Officer. Well start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then well move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, Id like to caution regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the companys future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas Kennedy: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. This morning Raytheon reported solid second quarter operating results. Sales exceeded our guidance increasing by 3% over second quarter 2014. This was driven by IDS and missiles and was primarily organic. With this solid revenue performance, we now see an opportunity for top line growth in 2015. EPS and cash flow also exceeded our expectations in the quarter. This performance demonstrates that our focus on global growth is succeeding. As a result, we have updated our financial outlook to reflect our solid year to date performance and the acquisition of Websense in late May. Toby will walk you through those details in a few minutes. Global demand for advanced technologies drove an 11.9% increase in bookings in the quarter compared to the second quarter 2014. International bookings were particularly strong representing 46% of total bookings, led by the $2 billion Saudi Patriot award as well as a number of missile awards. Domestic bookings were also solid with awards from across our portfolio including Standard Missile 3, Evolved Seasparrow Missile, next generation radars for P-8 maritime aircraft as well as $626 million in classified awards at both SAS and IIS. Given the strength of our overall bookings year to date, we now expect full-year 2015 bookings to be approximately $24.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million. The Raytheon team and I had the opportunity to meet with many of our global customers last month at the Paris Air Show. The feedback reinforced what we have been seeing over the last year. That is many of them are investing in strong defense to deter evolving threats. I would note that compared to the Farnborough Air Show last year, the demand to strengthen the deterrence has increased, particularly from our customers in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and North Africa and the Asia-Pacific region. We see this increased demand reflected in our results. For example, at the end of the second quarter of 2015 approximately 44% of our total backlog was international. A new high for the company. This compares to 38% at the end of the second quarter 2014. Total backlog increased $1.5 billion year-over-year to $34.5 billion. This is important because it sets the stage for growth and provides future margin expansion opportunity. I would like to take a moment to further highlight our missile business. As many of you know, Raytheon is a premier provider of missile and ship defense system. Whether it's for new build or upgrading existing ships, most of them will have one or more Raytheon missile systems solutions on them. Our core product within this domain is our Standard missile family of interceptors. Standard Missile-6, also known as SM-6, is designed to provide over the horizon defense against aircraft and anti-ship cruise missiles. In the second quarter, an SM-6 successfully intercepted a supersonic target in over the horizon test, a key demonstration of the missile's capability. Further SM-6 moved from low rate initial production to full rate production in the second quarter. We also received $143 million booking in the quarter which drove year-to-date bookings for SM-6 to approximately $215 million. Another version of our Standard Missile is SM-3, which is used by the U.S. Navy to intercept short to intermediate range ballistic missile threats. This is one of the company's largest programs. In the second quarter we received a $512 million award for the 1B version of this missile, supporting the ongoing ramp-up in production. The SM-3 1B will be deployed on the U.S. and allied navy ships. It will also be deployed at the end of the year on land in Europe as an integral part on Phased Adaptive Approach missile defense system. The next generation of SM-3 has also taken flight. In the second quarter, SM-3 IIA which we are developing in partnership with Japan, had its first flight test which was successful and is expected to enter production later in the decade. Taken all together, Standard Missile programs have driven over $800 million of bookings year-to-date. Beyond Standard Missile, the missile business segment is also benefitting from significant demand for a wide range of other solutions, including global demand for Paveway and the Evolved Seasparrow missile, which saw strong bookings in the quarter. Our missile portfolio was well-aligned with the evolving priorities of our global customers and that provides a strong foundation for our future growth. Looking at our domestic market from a broader perspective. Defense budget environment remains fluid. While there have been positive signs coming from Washington, there are still differences between Congress and the administration in their approaches to fund fiscal year '16 defense spending. Additional time maybe needed to resolve these differences which increases the probability of another continuing resolution this fall. We have had CRs for the past several years and we would not expect a significant impact on our results should we have another one this year. Now turning to our capital deployment strategy. As part of our balanced approach, we are increasing our expectation for the share repurchase program. We now expect the share repurchase for full year 2015 to be around $1 billion, which represents a $250 million increase both over 2014 and our original expectation for 2015. This follows a 10.7% increase in the dividend in the first quarter and the Websense transaction in May. As I mentioned, we closed on the Websense acquisition in the second quarter and the integration is on track. The combination of Raytheon and Websense is a great fit, allowing us to bring our advanced cyber-security capabilities to government and commercial customers around the world. We welcome Websense employees to the Raytheon team. Overall, I am pleased with our performance in the quarter. The members of our team are proud and passionate about what they do for our global customers, our investors and our company. And the focus and enthusiasm contributed to our success and helped drive our results. I would like to thank the Raytheon team for its hard work and dedication. With that, let me turn it over to Toby.
Toby OBrien: Okay. Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the second quarter highlights and then we will move on to questions. During my remarks I will be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. Okay. If everyone would please turn to Page 3. We are pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the second quarter with sales, EPS and operating cash flow all better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the second quarter at $7.6 billion, resulting in a book to bill ratio of 1.3. Sales were $5.8 billion in the quarter, up 3%, led by our IDS business. You should note that with the acquisition of Websense, we have moved away from presenting adjusted numbers but have provided additional information that should help you with your understanding of the financial performance of the company. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.65, which I will give a little more color on in a few minutes. And operating cash flow of $376 million was better than our prior guidance, driven by the timing of collections. Second quarter 2015 operating cash flow was higher than last year's second quarter primarily due to the timing of required pension contributions and the expected collection of the eBorders settlement with the U.K. Home Office which we resolved in the first quarter 2015, partially offset by higher cash taxes. During the quarter, the company repurchased 1.9 million shares of common stock for $200 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 4.6 million shares for $500 million. As Tom mentioned, we closed on the Websense transaction on May 29 and formed Raytheon Websense, a new joint venture company that was created through the combination of Websense and Raytheon Cyber Products. The Raytheon Websense segment results have been presented to reflect Raytheon Cyber Product results for all periods and Websense results after the acquisition date. Our full year 2015 guidance, which I will discuss in a few minutes, has been updated to include Websense, as well as improved operating performance for the first half of the year, which I will address further in a few minutes. Turning now to Page 4. Let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Company bookings for the quarter were $7.6 billion an increase over $800 million compared to the second quarter 2014. And on a year-to-date basis were $12.1 billion, an increase of approximately $1 billion over the same period last year. It's worth noting that on a trailing four quarter basis, our book to bill ratio was 1.1 times. For the quarter, international was 46% of total company bookings and on a year-to-date basis was 41%. For the year, we expect international to be in the range of 32% to 35% of total bookings. As Tom just mentioned, we booked several significant awards in the second quarter, including a $2 billion contract for Patriot for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. $538 million on the Warfighter FOCUS program. $529 million for Standard. $511 million on Evolved Seasparrow Missile and $363 million Paveway. Backlog at the end of the second quarter was $34.5 billion, an increase of approximately $1.5 billion compared to the second quarter of last year. And on a funded basis, backlog was $25.3 billion, an increase of almost $1.8 billion compared to the last year's comparable quarter. If you now move to Page 5. As I mentioned earlier, for the second quarter 2015 sales exceeded the high end of the guidance range we set in April, primarily due to better than expected performance at IDS and missiles. For the second quarter, our international sales were approximately 30% of total sales and all of our businesses were at or above our expectations. Looking now at sales by business. IDS had second quarter 2015 net sales of $1.7 billion, an increase of approximately 10% compared to the second quarter of 2014. The increase was primarily due to two recent international Patriot awards. It is important to note that the second quarter 2015 included the recognition of additional sales for pre-contract work that had previously been deferred. We now expect full year growth to be closer to 4%. In the second quarter 2015, IIS and missiles had net sales of $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion respectively. In line to slightly up when compared with the same quarter last year. SAS had net sales of $1.4 billion. The change versus last year was driven by volume on international tactical radar systems programs. And for Raytheon Websense, keep in mind that the results for the second quarter of 2015 include Raytheon Cyber Products for the full quarter and Websense results for the month of June. Moving ahead to Page 6. Overall, the company continues to perform well. Our operating margin was 11.1%, both on a total company and the business segment basis. On a year-to-date basis, our operating margin was 13.4% and on a business segment basis was 13.2%. As we discussed on the last few earnings calls, compared to 2014, our margins for 2015 have been impacted by a change in program mix as well as higher IR&D and program investments. We continue to invest in ourselves with the objective of positioning the company for future growth. So looking now at the business margins. The change in margins at IDS was primarily driven by a change in program mix on international Patriot programs nearing completion. Included in IDS operating income in the second quarter of 2015 was an adjusted of $33 million to eliminate all remaining estimated incentive fees related to the air warfare destroyer program due to the shipbuilder extending the planned schedule and related increase in cost to complete its portion of the program. Although Raytheon's performance continues on plan for both a cost and schedule standpoint, the shipbuilder is now estimating an increase in its cost to complete the program which drove the decrease in estimated incentive fees. The change in margin at IIS was primarily driven by a change in program mix. Missiles and SAS margins were down in the quarter compared with the same period last year, primarily driven by higher net program efficiencies in the second quarter of 2014. And at Raytheon Websense, the second quarter 2015 operating margin reflects higher Raytheon Cyber expenses to develop and launch new commercial products compared to the second quarter 2014, as well as approximately $5 million of restructuring cost associated with the combination of Websense and Raytheon Cyber Products. When you normalize for these two items, Raytheon Websense margin would be in the high teens range. Before turning to the next page, I wanted to spend a minute discussing the purchase accounting adjustments and corporate items related to the Websense acquisition. In the second quarter of 2015, we had a deferred revenue adjusted of approximately $10 million and about $8 million for the amortization of acquired intangible assets. In addition, I want to point out that on the corporate line there is approximately $23 million of Websense acquisition related costs. Turning now to Page 7. Second quarter 2015 EPS was $1.65. Better than expected driven by higher sales. Of note, second quarter 2015 included a favorable $0.29 non-cash tax settlement as reflected in our prior guidance, and an unfavorable $0.09 associated with the Websense acquisition. On Page 9, we are updating the company's financial outlook for 2015 to included Websense as well as our improved operating margin to date compared to our prior guidance. We are increasing full year 2015 net sales by $400 million. Of which approximately $300 million is driven by IDS and missiles and approximately $100 million is driven by the Websense acquisition. We now expect our full year 2015 net sales to be between $22.7 billion and $23.2 billion, which is flat to up 2% over 2014. We now expect the EPS impact from the Websense acquisition to be $0.25 dilutive for 2015 compared with the original estimate of $0.48 we provided you back on April 20. This change is driven by the completion of our fair value analysis and as a result we have updated our acquisition accounting adjustments. We have now incorporated this EPS impact into our updated 2015 guidance. Our full year 2015 EPS is now expected to be in the range of $6.47 to $6.62, which were normalized for the acquisition, is an improvement of about $0.05 over our previous guidance. And as a reminder, we have not included in our 2015 guidance the potential extension of the R&D tax credit. As I mentioned earlier, we repurchased 1.9 million shares of common stock for $200 million in the quarter. We are increasing our expected share repurchases for the year and now expect to repurchase approximately $1 billion, an increase of about $250 million from our initial outlook. We have tightened the range on share count and now see our diluted share count to be between 305 million and 306 million shares for 2015. Also we have raised the low end of the range for our 2015 operating cash flow guidance and now see it between $2.5 billion and $2.7 billion. And as you can see on Page 9, we have updated this sales guidance range for three of our businesses and for the addition of Raytheon Websense. We have increased sales at both IDS and missiles to reflect stronger bookings and higher than expected volume to date. At IIS, we adjusted sales to reflect the realignment of Raytheon Cyber Products to the new Raytheon Websense segment. Turning to margin. We have updated the margin guidance range for the company to reflect the Websense acquisition and now see operating margin to be between 13.1% and 13.3% for the full year. At the business segment level, we see business segment operating margin in a range of 13.2% to 13.4% for the full year. It's worth noting that we expect operating margins at Raytheon Websense to be between 9% and 10% for the full year. And excluding acquisition related costs, their margins would be about 17% to 18%. On Page 10, we have provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, earnings per share and operating cash flow from continuing operations for the balance of 2015. And on Page 12 we have provided a full year outlook of the Raytheon Websense acquisition accounting adjustments to help you with your long-term modeling. Please note that you will see a significant decline in the deferred revenue adjustment over the period and the amortization of acquired intangible assets will begin to decline more significantly after 2018. We now expect the joint venture to be accretive to GAAP earnings in two to three years, compared to our original expectations of three to four years. Before concluding, with regard to our capital deployment strategy, we expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet going forward. We remain focused on deploying capital to create value for our shareholders and customers. This includes internal investments to support our growth plans as well as returning capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. And as we sit here today, possibly smaller, targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs. In summary, if you stand back and look at the quarter, we have solid performance. Bookings were strong with a book to bill ratio of 1.3. Our sales, EPS and operating cash flow from operations were all higher than expected. Based on this performance and our near-term expectations, we increased our guidance for 2015 sales and if you exclude the impact of the Websense transaction, we raised EPS guidance by $0.05. We had strong cash flow generation and have increased our planned share repurchases from approximately $750 million to approximately $1 billion for the year. With that, Tom and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn: Tom, just a question on Websense and the overall commercial cyber strategy. Could you may be put into context what you are seeing there with your expansion into that market just as some of your competitors apparently are exiting.
Thomas Kennedy: I am not going to comment on the strategies of other companies but I can tell you that we are very excited about our Websense acquisition and our expansion into the commercial cyber market. The reasons we decided to do this are still solid and sound. We have been doing a very heavy integration effort for the last two months. And several of the reasons, and number one as you can see from reading the paper every day, the cyber threat continues relative to commercial companies as a new company that comes online everyday of having some type of a breach. And so we are continuing to get input and demand signals from commercial companies across the board and their demand is, they are looking for higher end, I would call defense-grade cyber solutions that will continue to -- and we see that increasing in the foreseeable future. So we see a strong demand, strong growth opportunities. But the combination of Raytheon and Websense is what's helping us deliver that high-end defense grade cyber capability.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just as a follow-up to that. Just really on what you just spoke of. Is the thrust of this then really to sell Raytheon's product to Websense or through Websense's organization into the commercial market or also to sell the Websense product. And then what scale do you need to achieve with this segment for this strategy to work for investors?
Thomas Kennedy: So first of all this is a two way, I would say winning side in terms of sales. One is, we are working to our sales channels which were initially in the government related world and international government related world. We are opening up those channels to the TRITON product, which is the Websense main platform. It's also allowing us, the commercial channels to go into the commercial world with our SureView product. And we believe we now have scale you will see and as Toby showed you, it's approximately $500 million a year in revenue, and now we have access to the commercial channels that we are going after. And a plus for the TRITON product is now they have access into the defense and also government channels that we had.
Robert Spingarn: Which side of the two way would be the larger opportunity?
Thomas Kennedy: I think it goes both ways. We are seeing a pent up demand on the government side for the TRITON platform and we are also seeing a pent up demand on the commercial side for the elements of the SureView product, four main products that dropped into the TRITON platform for up sell. And we are seeing a benefit both ways and we anticipated those synergies and we are seeing those synergies come to fruition.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carter Copeland from Barclays. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of them. Toby on the AWD program, I wondered if you could just clarify if there is any risk of further financial impact there. Basically you have got that scrubbed to zero. And then the pre-contract revenue recognition, I wondered if you might size that for us?
Toby OBrien: Yes. So first with AWD, the answer is yes, that's scrubbed to zero as you say. The adjustment that we took in the quarter of the $33 million eliminated all of the remaining incentive fees where we were tied to the shipbuilder performance. So we do not anticipate any additional write-offs there relative to AWD. And then related to the pre-contract it was in the $100 million to $150 million range.
Carter Copeland: Okay. And then just as a follow-up. Obviously, I know you have been talking about IDS margin progression but the guidance implies a pretty big step up in the back half of the year. How should we think about how much of that is trend line to look at going forward and how much might be temporary related to either performance adjustments you expect to see as you hit milestones? Any color you can give us on that would be helpful.
Toby OBrien: Sure. Sure. So I think when you step back from it and we go back to the end of January then again in April, we talked about how at the company level we saw a couple of things driving margins down this year. The unfavorable mix and the higher level of investment. IDS of all the businesses followed by SAS was most impacted by the unfavorable mix. So what we are seeing is consistent with what we had expected to see for the year. That said, the margin in Q2 was in line with our expectations. So even though we had the unfavorable adjustment on AWD, we did see some other performance improvements in the quarter that essentially offset that. That again is consistent with lower margins in the first half of the year. We still expect to ramp up on IDS margins, particularly in Q4 as the overall business mix improved due to the ramp-up of the international awards that we saw at the end of last year and into the early part of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Arment from Sterne Agee.
Peter Arment: Tom, could you give us an update on Germany's decision to go with MEADS. Maybe just, is that is more looked at as a one-off or changes anything on the competitive landscape? How you are thinking about future Patriot awards?
Thomas Kennedy: First of all, we continue to work with the German customer. We already have the Patriot system in there and it is going through some upgrades relative to our Configuration-3 Plus. They are upgrading some of the -- all their systems. And they have decided to keep the patriot system operational till 2025. We have, obviously, heard their decision on MEADS but at the same time we continue to work with that customer as we proceed forward. We have not seen any changes relative to any of the competitions we are in or are perceived to be in in the near future that would impact any Patriot opportunities.
Peter Arment: Okay. Thank you for that. And, Toby, just quickly. Just on the domestic growth versus international. I think previously you kind of guided to low single-digit down for domestic and up for international. Is that still intact for as we look for 2015?
Toby OBrien: Yes. So for our total year now for domestic, the way to think of it, Peter, is to be flat to down in the low-single digits and for international for the year to be up in the mid-single digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard: Tom, you mentioned the TRITON product at Websense earlier on. I was wondering if you could give us an idea of how the organic growth on that product has been tracking, year to date?
Thomas Kennedy: Well, the organic growth has been tracking about in the double-digits on that product. And as we mentioned before on the prior calls, they have two major products. One product is, I would call web filtering, that is declining and being replace by the TRITON platform. So if you look at the TRITION platform itself, it's in double-digit growth year-over-year.
Toby OBrien: Yes, Robert. As we talked about, we only have the month of June in the quarter post-acquisition. But if we look at the full quarter for Websense, TRITON, their bookings would have grown by about 10% on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then, Tom, maybe a bigger picture question. I was wondering if you could comment on what you think the impact to this Iran nuclear deal could be on your customers in the Middle East.
Thomas Kennedy: I am not going to get tied up in the politics of it but I can take you back to my statements earlier, that we are seeing an increased demand signal across the board. And it's not just in the Middle East which is what we are seeing in Eastern Europe and also in the Asia Pacific region and it's really for different regions. But it is -- any uncertainty in the geopolitical aspects of those regions, we are seeing an almost immediate reaction from these countries to want to beef up their defense. And I think if you look at this quarter, you will see the results of that in our bookings. And if you also, I did mention it, I know it was one quick line in my opening remarks but we hit an all time high in the company this year and that all time high was in the amount of international backlog and that was 44%. And we didnt break open any champagne bottles and throw any glasses into the fireplace or anything like that but it is monumental for us to be able to have achieved that. And I think the correlation goes right to this, back that the threat is not going away it's increasing. And we are seeing it across three major regions of the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi. Please proceed.
Jason Gursky: I just wanted to follow up on the line of questioning of the last couple of callers there and have you discuss a little bit more about the longer term outlook as you move out into 2020, the back half of the decade here. I know you've talked about this before but it would be, I think, helpful to get some updated thoughts from you on how you view both the domestic and international market playing out over the next couple of years. When do you see a return to growth in your domestic business? And then as you look out into that, as far as 2020, the pipeline that you have on the international side and how you're going to be able to, or if you're going to be able to, sustain the types of growth that you are seeing today as we move out into the latter years of this decade?
Thomas Kennedy: So Jess, let me and then I will turn it over to Toby and he can put some numbers behind what I say. Right off the bat, I will just go back to the discussions we have had at, I think in the last call. And we have won some major domestic programs that were in development on right now. One is air missile defense radar the other one is next-generation jammer, FAB-T. We've also won a couple that are still on protest. But the ones we are finishing up, we will be finishing up on development will be in about the '18,'19 timeframe, which then will start going into LRIP and then by '20 going into full rate production. So on the domestic side, we are going to start to see an uptick relative to more production programs coming on line. So I think thats good on to the domestic front. You are also seeing, based on the budget drills this year, that both the administration and also Congress are aligned with the fact that they believe that the budget needs to increase over the Budget Control Act of 2011 caps. The issue that they are having is how to go off and achieve that increase. But the bottom line is that they are both aligned, the administration and Congress, on the need for the increase. So we feel very positive about some breakthrough here in the next, hopefully next year, relative to '16s budget increasing over the Budget Control Act caps. However, we do have planned to the Budget Control Act caps which are about 1% increase over the fiscal year 2015. So we do see the domestic budget increasing over time. On the international, we talked about some major awards. We were down selected by Poland. That contract will be definitized over the next year and a half on the details, starting ramping up in late 2016 and 2017. So we see that program picking up and hitting the production numbers in about 2020. So again an uplift in the timeframe and taking this into 2025. So overall, both on the domestic and on the international we see a significant pipeline that will take us well beyond 2020.
Toby OBrien: And Jason, I will just kind of jump in there a little bit and add a little to what Tom said. So in addition to the programs transitioning domestically a little bit nearer term, SM-3, with the one being the IIA, will be moving to production. And to answer your question about when we would see a return to growth domestically, right now as best we can tell maybe late next year and if not into '17 for our revenue to start growing domestically. I think what Tom just commented on from the international combined with the 44% backlog thats international today. That pipeline Tom referred to, the 30% of our sales that were in international, that sets us up nicely for international to grow including into next year. And, obviously, as we said, we now see top line growth this year with our outlook for being flat to up 2%. Previously we had looked at '16 as a return to growth. So we are kind of moving that outlook in a year and we still see year-over-year growth in '16 as well.
Thomas Kennedy: Its a very, I think, a very good picture moving forward.
Jason Gursky: Yes, it sounds great. Just a quick follow-up question. On margins, Toby, can you talk a little bit about what's going to happen specifically in IDS in the back half that allows you to achieve the full-year guidance? And then, Tom, on the longer term outlook you just talked about with these ramping programs. What did that do to margins for the overall company if you are ramping development and early stage production on those things that you just talked about? Does that put you [indiscernible]?
Thomas Kennedy: What I think I will do is, Toby, he just went over on this actually on his discussion before. He will hit the IDS details and then I will kind of give you the bigger picture relative to where we see margins going in the future.
Toby OBrien: Yes. So, Jason, for IDS as we said before, the results so far have been consistent with our expectation given the impact of mix that we have seen there. In the second half, primarily in the fourth quarter is where we expect the uptick and there is really two things that are driving that. The mix, the business mix is going to start to improve with the large international programs, again, that we booked late last year and through the first half of this year, as they continue to move and ramp up through the production cycle. Additionally, we would also expect in the fourth quarter to see more program efficiencies flowing through to the bottom line. And overall we still see the margin outlook for the total year at IDS in the range of 15.1% to 15.3%.
Thomas Kennedy: Then relative to margins on the domestic side, we talked about some major development programs we had won and they are now obviously in development. When they start switching into production, we normally see a margin increase due to the fact that we are taking on more risk on the production side on firm type proposals. I mean firm fixed price contracts. We will see an uptick there in the margins but on the international side, as Toby mentioned, we have had some significant bookings here in the last year and a half. The area we are working right now and I think it's a great sign here is we are bringing on more suppliers. We are increasing the number of shifts we have in the factory, adding on days. So we are seeing, essentially getting quite a bit of synergy across these different wins that we had internationally and we do see a margin expansion across those programs as we go into 2016 and beyond.
Toby OBrien: And I think Jason just, if you are looking for a little more color or detail from an IDS perspective, the reason we see that our program efficiency towards the end of the year is the effects of things like strategic sourcing, automation in our factories that are driving efficiencies, again tied to the ramp up of those major production programs that we have referred to before.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Myles Walton: Just a quick follow-up on that one. Maybe, Toby, the run rate in the second half of '15, obviously, pretty great if you can get there on IDS. Is that the appropriate way to think about the mix as it's going to look into '16 or is there just a healthy performance in the second half that we should not think about that as a run rate?
Toby OBrien: So let met talk a little bit about IDS, right. So I mentioned in the second quarter they had strong sales growth and part of that was driven by the recognition of the pre-contract work that we talked about earlier. As far as the second half goes for a Q3 perspective, we do expect sales at IDS to be up high single digits in Q3. However, when we get to Q4, we will look to see sales on a quarter-over-quarter basis to be essentially flat compared to last year. Because in the fourth quarter of last year we did have a buildup of inventory that did convert into sales, that makes the comparison a little bit different. I wouldnt take that as a run rate going into '16, however, but I would expect directionally '16 to be better than '15.
Myles Walton: Okay. No, that's really helpful. And then, Tom, at a high level, lot of companies have been looking at their services blend with hardware. Do the two cost structures support themselves from a competitive perspective? And I'm sure you've gone through this exercise and not looking to layer other peoples strategies upon you. But how do you look at that equation where the services market becomes more and more competitive relative to the cost structure that's somewhat required for your hardware sensitive businesses?
Thomas Kennedy: No, actually thats a great question. So first thing to just kind of set the stage. Raytheon never went down the path of getting into Fed IT business. I dont know if you realize that. So we recognized a long time ago that that was not a business that we wanted to be in, really, because we saw that would eventually get commoditized. So we dont have any of that effort going on within the company. The services that we do, most of it is associated with our products. So that helps us in maintaining our products, the logistics associated with our products. For example we do a lot of performance-based logistics relative to our products and thats essentially comes under the umbrella of the services. Then in IIS where most of the traditional services are located, they are leaders in advanced solutions and capabilities and providing cyber services, intelligence, mission support and I would call high consequence training in key markets. And it's not just for the U.S. government, it's also for governments worldwide. So it's a pretty strong business for us. Again, we are not in the Fed IT, never were. So thats an area that I think it's hard to compare us against some of these other companies that are shedding their services because a lot of that shedding is associated with the Fed IT.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Rubel from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Howard Rubel: Toby, I want to know if in some of your other forecasts going forward you're always going to basically understate acquisitions by about 50% of the cost? Because originally, as you indicated, it was going to be $0.48, and here we are looking at about half that. Can you elaborate on what has changed? And as we go forward and look at Websense, the deferred revenue number seems relatively modest versus the balance. What happened?
Toby OBrien: Yes. So just as a reminder, Howard, back in April when we gave the initial estimates, they were preliminary and subject to our final purchase accounting valuation. Part of our process, we had looked at other transactions and there were a range of potentials relative to percentage of assets etcetera. Percentage of purchase price that would be potentially characterized as intangible or the deferred revenue. So we had a range. We didnt want to come back here and increase the dilution, for lack of a better way to say it. And in the quarter, as we do after, we close on all our acquisitions, we embarked upon the formal fair value analysis. We finalized that here at the end of June and what you see now is the update to reflect that. So it was really nothing more than that.
Howard Rubel: All right. I am going to talk about Patriot for one second. Tom, you sort of created a Patriot users group with all of your different customers around the world. Could you talk a little bit more about the ideas that you are getting from them that are, I will call it, leading to an ongoing upgrade in the system? And how do you see that playing out?
Thomas Kennedy: Well, let me just -- on a baseline element we are proceeding on upgrades of what's called Configuration-3 Plus. That was the upgrade to the Patriot system that was funded by the UAE several years back. We still have 72 fire units out there as opportunities to upgrade to Configuration-3 Plus. So we are off pursuing that element of it. In addition to that and as the user group is looking for us to provide a 360 AESA radar and we have been off working that for several years now and done some significant testing and believe we are in a position to take on contracts for that development of the 360 AESA radar. Right now there is an opportunity to replace 220 Patriot radars with the 360 AESA radar. So significant upgrades there. The other area that we are doing and it's on the international side is, and it's in Qatar, it's a contract to provide an air defense operating center which integrates all air defense systems. I think that will be the next thing that we are seeing with some of these other customers who have other air defense assets. They want them integrated with one common operating picture so that they can get the synergy of having everything together in one place and operated by one operator. So those are the type of upgrades we are pursuing. In many of the cases we already have contracts to start those systems, so we already have the initial customers. And then in some cases we are getting ready to get or first initial customer to move forward with them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Hunter Keay: Two questions on content. Can you remind us of your exposures to Sikorsky, however you want to quantify that? I think it's small but just to verify. And how should we think about Raytheon's potential role on long range strike? Haven't really heard a lot about that. Any color on that? Maybe it's too early, maybe not. Anything you want to provide would be great.
Thomas Kennedy: Relative to Sikorsky, you are right. We dont have much content on the Sikorsky products. We have worked a lot with them. I have personally worked with Sikorsky on programs in the past. But right now it's not a significant of our revenue stream. Relative to long range strike, we really can't comment at this time.
Hunter Keay: Okay. I got you. All right, thanks. And then I think you guys made the comment last quarter, you've made, I think, dozens of cyber acquisitions over the last couple of years. I'm curious to hear what some of the lessons learned would be in terms of the pitfalls? Not necessarily what went right but what went wrong? And what can you take from that, as we look at Websense, in terms of things to avoid in the past that can be applied here at least?
Thomas Kennedy: I will tell you what, the lessons learnt led to the acquisition of Websense. And so the lessons were, if we did very well in buying these companies on the government side but we were not achieving any upside relative to the commercial side. And so when we went back and reevaluated the reason why it turned out that we didnt have the commercial channels. And it takes quite a bit of effort to establish channels to be able to reach out to 30,000 customers versus 20 government customers. Thats the different game. Is wasnt the technology, an underlying technology, it wasnt the products, it wasnt the personnel. It was essentially not having access to the market channels thats required in the commercial business. And so that was the lesson learnt. And so we took that lesson learned and we went out and we started in 2013 looking at what was the best company out there that we could potentially acquire that would enable us to unlock the capabilities we had from the other acquisitions but into the commercial marketplace. And someone that already had a strong position, already had a new product, a new platform, allowing us to move forward. And so essentially it was the structure of how we implemented those companies. And we right now have -- everything we are seeing, we think we have taken that lesson learned to heart and are making the right inroads into that commercial marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Strauss from UBS. Please proceed.
David Strauss: Toby, did I hear you right where you said Websense would be at high teens margins ex the cost to develop the commercial cyber product and then restructuring it? And if so, how long does it take until you are kind of through that spend to actually report high teens margins at Websense?
Toby OBrien: Yes. So the answer to the first part is, you hear it correct. Without those two items we would be, we said 17% to 18%, part 1. Part 2, relative to the timing of that, so we are always going to be looking to make investments in technology and make sure we are keeping up with the threat there. But if we were to look out over time without that, probably in the '17 timeframe.
David Strauss: And how long are you running on the restructuring side? I mean how much restructuring is there to do here?
Thomas Kennedy: The majority of it will be completed this year. There could be a little bit of a tail into early part of next year.
David Strauss: Okay. And then a follow-up. So you've talked about $7 billion, roughly, in Patriot orders. A little bit surprised. I would have thought a fair amount of those orders would come with advanced payments, yet we haven't really seen -- we've actually seen the advanced payment balance go down. Can you just comment on that?
Thomas Kennedy: So a couple of those orders were FMS, right, which do not have the advanced payments. What you have really seen here is a timing issue, right. And if I take it back up to a higher level not specific to those orders, we have seen the advance account on the balance sheet, to your point David, fluctuate over time, driven by the timing of those advances and then when they are subsequently liquidated. On average, historically we have run at a rate of about 9% to 10% of sales, okay. At the end of the first quarter, the balance was about $2 billion, to your point as well. Slightly below our five-year average which has been around $2.2 billion. And really the main driver on that was timing. Back last year in the first quarter we had received a significant advance from a customer and we had full liquidated that here to the first quarter of '15. On some of the new awards, we have milestone payments as well that are more weighted towards the back half of the year. That all said, from an overall point of view, we would expect our advances to remain in the range of about 9% of sales this year which is pretty much in line with prior periods in that $2 billion range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Safran from Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
Richard Safran: A lot has been asked. I just wanted to ask you about some upcoming programs. There's this JSTARS recapitalization program out there. You announced some recent teaming with Bombardier and Lockheed. Northrop recently announced with Boeing. I just want to know, from your perspective, is this indicative that the program is more near term? If you could give us any sense of the timing of the opportunity and some sense of the size? Any color here on this would be helpful because I tend to think this is a rather substantial opportunity for you.
Thomas Kennedy: No, we agree with you. You are right. We are teamed with Lockheed and Bombardier on one of the teams for work including sensors and some additional work. We are also providing a radar as a kind of a merchant supplier for the other teams, if they so desire. So we are kind of, have been spending quite a bit of time on this program in ensuring that we wind up with a piece of it moving forward.
Richard Safran: Okay. And then just as a follow-up here also. So on your 3-D printing technology, just wanted to get a sense here. Is this applicable to current and future missile programs? Is this technology applicable across the board? Because I know there has been things like trying to get an upgrade here of the Tomahawk etcetera. Or is this more something that you are gearing towards like next generation missile programs, like the next generation land attack weapon?
Thomas Kennedy: Let met first tell you why it's important and what it's bringing to the industry. The 3-D printing allows you to essentially build up these very complex assemblies. Multi-part assemblies as one part, one continuous part and therefore improving cost. But it also does something else. In areas where heat is a major issue, it allows the heat transfer capabilities to be significantly enhanced. When you have an assembly with multiple parts that are tied together, you have heat issues at the intersection of those pieces. So by being able to build one continuous, very complex part and you can solve a lot of the heat transfer problems which is very important as we move into the hypersonics area of our missiles.
Todd Ernst: Okay. We are going to have to leave it there this morning. Thank you for joining us. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call in October. Mark?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes your call. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Ernst - VP, Investor Relations Thomas Kennedy - Chairman and CEO Toby OBrien - CFO
Analysts: Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen Securities Inc. Carter Copeland - Barclays Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Peter Arment - Sterne Agee Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd Ernst: Thank you, Chantilly. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that well reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this mornings call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Toby OBrien, our Chief Financial Officer. Well start with some brief remarks by Tom and Toby and then well move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, Id like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the companys future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas Kennedy: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Before we get started, Id like to welcome Toby OBrien to his first earnings conference call as CFO, a role which he officially assumed on March 2nd. Toby will walk you through additional details regarding our first quarter financial results in just a moment. Im pleased to report that the company delivered solid operating results in the quarter with sales, EPS and cash flow that were all either in line or ahead of our expectations. Our international business continues to grow in the quarter and represent a 28% of total revenue. International also represented 34% of our total bookings in the quarter. And our international backlog was 41% of total backlog at quarters end. This backlog percentage will go higher with the $2 billion international Patriot award we announced last week, which was from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. I will note that we continue to see strong demand signals beyond our recent bookings activity for our solutions from our global customers. In the quarter and the weeks immediately following, you will see important parts of our global growth strategy play out. Weve announced significant recent bookings across our portfolio, particularly in the international Patriot that position the company for future growth. And we announced the strategic investment and partnership to harness rapid growth in the global cybersecurity market. Overall, weve made a considerable progress on these weak [ph] fronts and continue to move forward with our growth strategy. During the quarter, we always raised our dividend by 10.7%, the 11th consecutive annual increase, and will remain on track to reduce our shares outstanding for the year. This reflects our long term trend of returning cash to shareholders, something we will continue to do in line with our balanced capital deployment strategy. Weve come out of the gate strong after the close of the first quarter with approximately $3 billion in bookings within the initial weeks of the second quarter, including the $2 billion Patriot booking from Saudi Arabia and a $507 million booking to upgrade the evolved Sea Sparrow Missile, a premier ship defense missile for the U.S. Navy and international customers. Id like to take a moment to talk about our Patriot Integrated Air and Missile Defense franchise. Over the past 15 months, we have received nearly $7 billion in bookings for Patriot production and support services from a range of customers. This includes the recent Saudi $2 billion award as well as the Kuwait, Qatar, South Korea, and the U.S. Army. This provides the company with years of production work and backlog, and predictability to the manufacturing outlook and the opportunity to achieve higher production efficiencies. Looking forward, we continue to see significant opportunities for Patriot. Earlier this week, we were notified that the Patriot was selected by Poland for their medium range Integrated Air and Missile Defense system. Well be working with our Polish customer on the final offering and anticipate receiving a booking in 2016. Additionally, were in the final down select process in Germany. If selected, we anticipate that this will also translate into a booking opportunity in 2016. Patriot continues to evolve, ensuring that it will be capable of meeting next generation threats. Over the next few years, youll see us in collaboration with our current and future customers and new capabilities, including a 360-degree AESA radar capability and other enhancements. These capabilities will position Patriot to be the leading Integrated Air and Missile Defense solution for the next several decades. But as you know, Raytheon is much more than just Patriot. And to that point, weve seen considerable recent order activity domestically and internationally across a wide range of our systems and products, particularly in our missiles business. Demand for missiles is being driven by the evolving threats as well as our incorporation of technological advances into our products. One example of this is AMRAAM where we received a $539 million award in the first quarter for the latest version of the missile. We received a similar size award in December of last year. So within the past six months alone, we have received more than $1 billion in orders for AMRAAM. We continue to make important progress on many other key programs that will drive future growth. For example, on Small Diameter Bomb II, a premier precision weapon for both current and next generation platforms, we completed systems verification review in early April. This sets the stage for Milestone C which will be complete, the development phase, allowing the program to move into low rates initial production. Our Next Generation Jammer program remains a significant part of our electronic warfare initiative. The program continues to execute on or ahead of schedule and cost, and also completed key testing milestones in the quarter. Turning to a broader market perspective, domestically, Im encouraged by recent developments on the fiscal year 16 defense budget process that both the administration and Congress have presented initial budget proposals that could exceed previously established budget caps. Many of our leaders agree that the cap levels are not sufficient to contend with todays dynamic threat environment and are therefore seeking ways to add more resources. Well, we wont speculate on what the final funding level for DoD will be in 2016. Even if the budget control caps are not raised at all, the DoD base budget funding will be several billion dollars higher in 2016 than 2015. Bottom line is the trajectory of the DoD base budget is finally starting to trend upward. Late in the first quarter, we announced the settlement with the U.K. Home Office relating to Raytheon Systems Limited eBorders contract. Under the settlement, we received a cash payment equal to approximately $226 million in exchange for the resolution of all claims and counter claims of both parties. Toby will walk you through the details in his remarks. As we announced earlier this week, consistent with our strategy to position Raytheon for global growth, we are now entering into a partnership with Vista Equity Partners, combining their premier commercial cybersecurity business, Websense, with Raytheons cyber products to form a new company. This new company will provide a broad set of integrated defense grade cybersecurity products and services to the global marketplace. We are very excited about this opportunity. We see significant revenue synergies and look forward to closing sometime late in the second quarter. In conclusion, Im pleased with our performance in the first quarter, the progress in setting the foundation for future global growth. And Id like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication for this great start to the year. With that, let me turn it over to Toby.
Toby OBrien: Okay. Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks starting with the first quarter highlights and then well move on to questions. During my remarks, Ill be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would turn to Page 3. We are pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the first quarter. All app [ph] are better than our expectations. Its a good start to the year and were positioned well for achieving our full-year outlook. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.78. And on an adjusted basis, EPS was $1.26. Ill discuss this in more detail in just a moment. Operating margin was solid at 15.9% and included the previously announced eBorders settlement with the U.K. Home Office. And on an adjusted basis, our operating margin was 11.5%. Sales of $5.3 billion were slightly higher than our guidance. During the quarter, the company bought back 2.8 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase program for $300 million. And we announced last month that we increased our dividend by 10.7%. We have now raised our annual dividend every year for the past 11 years. I also want to point out that were raising the guidance that weve provided in January to include the eBorders settlement. Ill discuss guidance further in just a few minutes. Turning now to Page 4. Let me start by providing some detail on our first quarter results. Company bookings for the first quarter were $4.5 billion. International awards represented 34% of the total. And on a trailing four-quarter basis, the book-to-bill ratio is 1.07. A couple of key bookings in the first quarter included a $769 million award for Patriot from the Republic of Korea and a $539 million award for AMRAAM for the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy and international customers. And as Todd mentioned a few minutes ago, just after the end of the first quarter, we received significant orders from both domestic and international customers. Were off to a strong start in the second quarter and the year-to-date bookings will help drive our second half performance. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $32.5 billion and on a funded basis was $23.7 billion, an increase of almost $1 billion compared to the first quarter of 2014. Its worth noting that we ended the first quarter of 2015 with approximately 41% of our backlog now comprised of international programs. If youd now move to Page 5. As I just mentioned, for the first quarter of 2015, sales were slightly higher than the guidance we set in January. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2015 had one less work day than the first quarter of 2014 and this equates to about $100 million in sales overall. As we said in January, we expected the first quarter to be the most challenging. We still expect sales to ramp up throughout the year. Looking now at sales by business. IDS at first quarter of 2015 net sales of $1.4 billion. The change from Q1 2014 was primarily due to the plan completion of certain production phases on international Patriot programs. We expect IDS sales to increase as we move through the year as the recently awarded Patriot international programs begin to ramp up. In the first quarter of 2015, IIS had net sales of $1.4 billion. Compared with the same quarter last year, the change is primarily due to our training programs. Missile systems at first quarter of 2015 net sales of $1.5 billion. The change from the first quarter of 2014 was primarily due to both the Tomahawk and SM-3 programs. And SAS had net sales of $1.4 billion. Secure communication systems programs contributed to the change versus last year. Moving ahead to Page 6, we were pleased by our overall company margins. Our operating margin was 15.9% and on an adjusted basis was 11.5%. As a reminder, our first quarter of 2015 adjusted margin excludes both the favorable FAS/CAS adjustment which was worth 90 basis points or $0.10 per share and 340 basis points or $0.42 per share for the eBorders settlement. And as we discussed on the last earnings call in January, compared to 2014, we expect our margins for 2015 will be impacted by a change in program mix as well as higher R&D [ph] and program investments. We continue to invest in ourselves with the objective of positioning the company for future growth. So looking at the business margins, the change in margin at IDS was primarily driven by a change in program mix on international Patriot programs nearing completion. IES margin in the first quarter 2015 benefited from the eBorders settlement that I previously discussed which contributed $181 million to operating income. Without the settlement, IES margins would be 7.5% or in line with our expectations. Missiles margin was up in the quarter compared to the same period last year. This years first quarter benefited from a $25 million or approximately 170 basis point favorable resolution of a contractual issue which was previously expected later in the year. And SAS margin of 12.7% was down compared to the same period last year, primarily driven by higher net program efficiencies in the first quarter of 2014. Overall, the company continues to perform well. Turning now to Page 7. First quarter 2015 EPS was $1.78 and on an adjusted basis was $1.26. EPS for the first quarter of 2015 was better than expected, primarily due to the eBorders settlement and from timing at Missiles. On Page 8, we are updating the companys financial outlook for 2015 which now includes the impact of the eBorders settlement. As Tom mentioned, earlier in the week we announced the Websense transaction. We expect this transaction to close late in the second quarter and we will update our financial guidance subsequent to the closing. We still expect our full-year 2015 net sales to be in the range of between $22.3 billion and $22.8 billion. We have raised our full-year 2015 EPS which is now expected to be in a range of between $6.67 and $6.82. We expect adjusted EPS to be within a range of between $5.49 and $5.64 which is unchanged from our prior guidance. As a reminder, we have not included the possible extension of the R&D tax credit in our 2015 guidance. If the legislation passes, it would favorably impact the effective tax rate by about 110 basis points and our EPS by about $0.10. As I mentioned earlier, we re-purchased 2.8 million shares of common stock for $300 million in the quarter and continue to see our diluted share count in the range of between 305 million and 307 million shares for 2015, a 2% reduction at the midpoint of the range. Operating cash flow in the quarter was in line with our prior guidance. As a result of the eBorders settlement, we now see our 2015 guidance for operating cash flow to be between $2.4 billion and $2.7 billion. We received the settlement payment in the second quarter. And as you can see on Page 9, weve included guidance by business which is unchanged from our prior outlook except for IIS and total company margin, which now include the eBorders settlement. On Page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, EPS and operating cash flow for the balance of 2015. As we discussed on the call in January, sales are expected to ramp up throughout the year. In the first half of 2015, we still expect sales to be down on a percentage basis. Sales in the back half of the year are expected to be in line to slightly up versus 2014. And if you compare second half sales to first half sales, we expect to see mid single-digit growth. As you may recall, our 2014 bookings finished strong, particularly with respect to international. This, taken together with the combined first quarter and early second quarter 2015 bookings, are all key drivers of our second half sales expectations. And as we discussed on the January call, our effective tax rate in the second quarter is expected to be impacted by a favorable non-cash tax settlement of $88 million or $0.29 per diluted share. Before concluding, Id like to spend a minute to talk about our capital deployment strategy. We expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet going forward. We will remain focused on deploying capital to create value for our shareholders, including internal investments to support our growth plans as well as share buybacks and dividend increases that are subject to board approval. And as we sit here today, possibly smaller targeted acquisitions that fit our technology and global growth needs. In summary, we saw a good performance in the first quarter. We continue to execute well. Our bookings were ahead of last years first quarter and sales EPS and operating cash flow from operations were all in line or higher than the guidance we set in January. We remain well positioned with our domestic customers priority areas and continue to be aligned with the evolving priorities of our international customers. Our objective is to drive the business, to maximize value for our customers and shareholders. With that, Tom and I will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Howard Rubel of Jefferies. Please proceed.
Howard Rubel: Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you.
Thomas Kennedy: Good morning, Howard.
Howard Rubel: Toby, just as an observation first, I was thinking with this 20% margin now that Dave is not here to respond to it, thinking about maybe - if you know where Im going - setting that as his incentive target goals for the balance of the year.
Toby OBrien: Thats good input, Howard. Well definitely take that into consideration.
Howard Rubel: But in all seriousness, I asked sort of as a collection of businesses that have some interesting opportunities. And when we looked at the growth profile, it seems to be challenged relative to the overall environment. Can you explain and elaborate a little bit upon, not only what Websense is going to do, but where your initiatives are there to enhance that business?
Thomas Kennedy: Yes, hey, Howard, this is Tom. Let me take that. Number one, one of the strategies that IAS is actually executing very well is to expand its cyber capabilities in core competencies into both the international and now the commercial market space. And as we discussed on prior calls, we have had some significant wins on the international marketplace. And so were showing that were globally competitive in the cyber arena. And so were seeing expansion in that area. Were also seeing them expand in their training worldwide. And some of it is under the Warfighter FOCUS program. But were also expanding into other areas of training into international markets. Were direct with international governments. So thats another big area that theyre moving out on. The other play is essentially upgrading a lot of the systems that are out there in terms of adding in information assurance capability taking the knowledge that theyve gained from the GPS OCX program and leveraging that into other programs. And then the last one is - hopefully youve been watching and noticing that theyve been winning quite a few programs out there. And for example, they won the LISC program. Theyve also just recently won the NISSC program. So theyve been winning more than their fair shares of programs. And were very, I would say, upbeat relative to IAS in their ability to continue to grow and exceed the industry in their area in terms of growth.
Howard Rubel: And then just one other follow-up question in a slightly different area. Youve also expanded missile systems beyond just Patriot. And for a moment, could you just address how the NASAMS offerings are? I think you still have some opportunities there in Poland and elsewhere.
Thomas Kennedy: Yes, its a great question. And a lot of people - the NASAM system or sometimes called SL-AMRAAM, gets overshadowed by the Patriot. But our last big win on the NASAMS was in Oman. That was back in 2013. And that was about $1.3 billion for the system itself and then there was another $300 million worth of AMRAAM activities [indiscernible] FMS contract for a total deal of $1.6 billion. That system is deployed now or being deployed in six countries. Ill tell you, its a very great system. And the other area that we are pursuing right now and we should learn in 2017 is a pursuit in Poland. This is a - we already got selected for the Patriot system for their, I would call, their medium integrated air and missile system. This is the lower tier missile defense system below Patriot. And were in a competition for that. Again, 2017 theyre going to make their selection.
Howard Rubel: Thank you very much for your time.
Thomas Kennedy: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Royal Bank of Canada. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Thomas Kennedy: Hey, Rob. Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Tom, first one, you mentioned OCD, the Poland decision, but also that Germany is moving towards the DAMs. So like do you think this is a sign that European defense spending might finally be stabilizing? And do you see other opportunities in the region?
Thomas Kennedy: Number one, we do see other opportunities in the region. It is being driven by the geopolitics that are going on right now especially in the Eastern Europe. Poland is building up their defenses and making a major play in that area, again, under the auspices of a strong defense is a strong deterrence. And were also seeing that in other Eastern European countries also. Germany is in need to upgrade their systems. So I think youre right. There is a little bit of maybe sense of urgency. But this was in their plan to do this upgrade for several years.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on Websense. I dont think you mentioned it on the call the other day. When do you expect it to actually be accretive on a GAAP EPS basis?
Thomas Kennedy: Ill turn that over to Toby.
Toby O'Brien: Yes. So on a GAAP basis, Rob, were probably looking about three to four years down the road before it would be accretive. And thats due really to the amortization of two non-cash items. One would be the intangibles associated with the transaction. Then also wed be amortizing some deferred revenue. They have a subscription model where the revenues are recognized ratably over the life of the contract. But the payments are all upfront. And were going to fair value that. And that amortization tells a lot, a bit shorter, thats about a two to three years. Whereas the intangibles will go out over seven years. That said, we do think the best way to look at this business is more akin to a cash basis. And adjusting the results for the impacts of these two items, the deferred revenue and the amortization of the intangibles. And on that basis, it would be immediately accretive to earnings.
Robert Stallard: Okay. Thanks, Toby.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr of Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thank you very much. So the competition claims that Germany wants to have 360-degree capability. In open architecture, neither of which Patriot provides. And yet you guys are the incumbent. Tell us about the factors you think are going to be important to Germanys decision and when they might reach it.
Thomas Kennedy: Well, I dont know exactly how theyre going to make their decision. I do know that they will be making the decision in the next year. And what they are looking for is they need a strong system to provide deterrence. And so we believe Patriot provides that, number one. And two is we believe the system that we can get in their hands the soonest. In other words, were in production. We can deliver right out of the factory and [indiscernible] the quickest time possible. The other element is the fact that they have a lot of their already trained on using the Patriot. And so even though weve upgraded the Patriot, put in modern man stations, a lot of the maintenance and training is already behind them. So they already have that in place. So we think the Patriot provides the most economical but yet strongest deterrence capability for them moving forward.
Cai von Rumohr: Okay, terrific. And then your R&D was up from 2% of sales to 2.7% of sales. Could you tell us where did you spend it, what did you spend it on and how much of that is covered by IR&D?
Thomas Kennedy: Okay. So that is all IR&D, number one, Ill answer that. But were continuing to invest in technologies. Thats been crucial to our recent competitive success. Ill give you an example. On the GaN technology, we started investing in 10 years ago when folks thought you couldnt make GaN work. And we continued to invest in over the years and essentially we proved them wrong, that it can work and it can provide a great capability. And that put us in a great position on multiple wins, AMDR, Next Generation Jammer, 3DELRR. And theres actually a few radar competitions coming out now. So we do invest to essentially establish discriminators for us to go win in the future. And thats where were putting our efforts moving forward. And areas - and this is actually part of our strategy is to invest in what we call new emerging areas. So we are investing in next generation radars, high energy lasers, hypersonics. In fact, we just recently won a major hypersonics contract from DARPA. Its called the Tactical Boost Glide program. That was for the development and demonstration of technologies to enable air-launched, tactical range hypersonic boost glide systems. And so weve been investing in that area. And that gave us the technologies to go win this advanced DARPA program. We also were investing in undersea capabilities. We believe the undersea offers a lot of significant opportunities moving forward based on the arena of anti-access/area denial. EW, thats part of our strategy to continue to invest in EW and grow our business in that area. Thats kind of a few of the areas that were investing in. We believe we have already or establishing discriminators in each of those areas and based on where the roadmap is for our customers. We believe that these are right places for us to invest in.
Toby OBrien: Yes. And Cai, this is Toby. I would just add to the level of spend of the 2.7%. Thats pretty much in line with what we talked about in the January call of 2.7%, 2.8% of revenue this year for the reasons Tom just described.
Cai von Rumohr: Great. Thank you and congrats on the Patriot wins.
Thomas Kennedy: Well, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Barclays. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland: Hi. Yes. Hi, good morning, guys.
Thomas Kennedy: Good morning, Carter. How are you doing today?
Carter Copeland: Doing great. Great, thanks, Tom. So just a question. I wondered if you might expand a little bit more specifically on GaN and some of the prior comments about upgrades. And really, when you look at the approval of the exportability of that technology, can you talk to specifically what sort of upgrade opportunities that may enable and what sort of kind of size we should be thinking about those or timing? What does that mean for that franchise longer term?
Thomas Kennedy: Well, Ill start with the AMDR. We are working with the navy to ensure that the AMDR will be exportable to our coalition partners who use those types of radars for their ships. We are also - the 3DELRR program was a model program for OSD for exportability. And so we won that program. It is in protest right now but that program uses GaN. So thats number two. We are also, and I mentioned in my script, that we are working on a 360 AESA radar for the Patriot. And that is a GaN based radar. And we are working to ensure that that is exportable also. So in terms of who would buy these systems, with Poland coming onboard, there are now 14 countries that have the Patriot system. And you said if you had to go off and you wanted to have an opportunity to replace those radars, the existing radars on those, it would be 200-plus radars. And that would be up for grabs to replace to more with these 360 AESA radars, our AESAs for Patriot. And this is, I think, a great opportunity for us taking forth these new advanced radar systems to both our domestic and international customers. But we see significant opportunities in the future for taking this GaN technology into the radars and into the international marketplace.
Carter Copeland: How do you think about the timeline and the timing of those kinds of opportunities as you look across the base of Patriot customers? And when they get around to that kind of upgrade, is this a three- to five-year kind of opportunity for the market, the 200 radars? How do you think about that?
Thomas Kennedy: Ill only answer one. On the Patriot, we have customers knocking on our door today. So its a matter of getting to a development and then transition to production and then putting it forward. And were also working with our U.S. customer on that timing to ensure that we have essentially all the licenses and everything else to be able to do that. So I think bottom line, there is pent up demand for those AESA radars. And were looking to fill that demand.
Carter Copeland: And just another one to switch gears quickly, I think at one point we were expecting a recompete of Warfighter FOCUS. Where does that stand these days in terms of an RFP on that and maybe just remind us of what to expect on that front?
Thomas Kennedy: Well, right now, for those who dont know, the Warfighter FOCUS is an IDIQ program that Raytheon runs for the United States Army. That is a program that we are actively engaging today. Its running very well. And I think its serving the army and also the international customers very well. So I think theyre very pleased with it. We believe that that program will continue. The army is looking at some acquisition changes in terms of whats the follow-on to Warfighter FOCUS. That has gone through several changes recently. And I dont think right now has settled down in terms of what the final arrangements will be.
Carter Copeland: Okay, so just stay tuned.
Thomas Kennedy: I think stay tuned and - but in - and from Raytheons perspective, its met more stable work relative to Warfighter FOCUS since that change has not occurred.
Carter Copeland: Great. Congrats on a big leap, guys.
Thomas Kennedy: Yes, thank you.
Toby OBrien: Thanks, Carter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn: Good morning.
Thomas Kennedy: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Spingarn: Hi, guys. Couple of questions, two different topics. The first is on the - Toby, on your sales guidance, which is essentially down 2% to flat at the ends - the range there, what are the relative growth rates you now see for domestic versus international within that?
Toby OBrien: Yes, so for the total year, what wed be looking at for domestic is to be down in the low single-digits. And for international, up in the low to mid single-digits.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And it sounds like the international again may be a little backend weighted given the recent awards.
Toby OBrien: Yes, definitely --
Robert Spingarn: Or the growth accelerates?
Toby OBrien: Yes, you got that exactly right. I mean, I think if you want to think about the cadence throughout the year, and obviously with international growing versus domestic declining, wed see second quarter sales flat to up from Q1 from a sequential point of view and then sequentially growth in the back half of the year. And its exactly as you said, Rob. Its driven by the new awards from the end of 2014 plus what were seeing here in the first three-plus months of this year and their natural ramp as they start up.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just with respect to the comment on European demands stabilizing and growing here, is there any currency impact on margins that we should start to contemplate?
Thomas Kennedy: So that question came up on a prior call. Ill give you what were seeing. Number one is most of our business is tied to the U.S. dollar. For example, all the FMS contracts we had, the Foreign Military Sales contracts are all in U.S. dollars. And then a lot of our customers, especially in the Middle East, their currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar. So even on direct commercial sales there we dont have any impact. And we do have two landed companies. We have Raytheon Australia and Raytheon Systems Limited. They tend to work with their own working capital and essentially our sales in British pound sterling and then the Raytheon Australia its the Australian dollar. They tend to work --
Robert Spingarn: I was going to say, I understand that its conducted in U.S. dollars but to the extent that these guys are based for example in euros, the European guys, theyve got to translate. So does that maybe adjust their demand, their pricing appetite?
Thomas Kennedy: Toby is going to give you the exact numbers, right. Toby, why dont you just give them the numbers?
Toby OBrien: Yes, so I think from a - the two type of potential exposures we have is around where we - if we have a mismatch between U.S. dollar and a different denominated currency. As Tom said, thats very minimal because most of our contracts are matched to the dollar. In the cases when we have that, we hedge it using foreign exchange contracts. And thats the little to no - minimal exposure there. And in the cases where we have these foreign entities like in the U.K. and Australia where they do operate in a non-U.S. dollar functional currency, again, theyre generally getting paid in that same currency. So in Australia, they operate in the Aussie dollar. They get paid from their customer in the Aussie dollar. And we do have some translation risk, right, when we convert those foreign denominated financial results back to U.S. dollars. But again, historically, that has been pretty minimal.
Robert Spingarn: Okay, thank you. Ill jump back in.
Thomas Kennedy: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay of Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Hunter Keay: Thanks, everybody. I appreciate it. A little bit more on IRAD, a follow-up maybe to Cais question, a little bit of a different angle, though. You guys said the long term IRAD should still be in the high 2% range of sales. If global defense budgets continue to improve, does that go higher or does it go lower? I mean, my gut would say it will go lower but threats are very dynamic. The competitive environment is still very difficult. So I would think thered be some level of sort of elevated investment on an ongoing basis that may be needed. But assuming the backdrop of better defense spending on a global basis, where should that long term IRAD go?
Thomas Kennedy: Only to kind of back you up into - and tying this to our strategy, so we go - often we look at our strategy, we look at what the demand needs are from the customers and then we go look at what gas we have in terms of technology thats required to go fulfill them over a period of a three-year window, a five-year window and then a 10-year window. And then based on that, we look at what technologies need to be developed and then what we will look at in terms of funding those technologies and to be ready at the time that they need to be ready at for us to be competitive in the marketplace. And its all driven by the strategy and by what we - the capability needs of the customer. Its not driven by sales and some exact percentage of sales. Thats just how we do it. Essentially, its a bottoms-up buildup based on the demand cycle from the customer and also what our technology gaps are.
Toby OBrien: And Id just throw in there, and it plays exactly into what Tom was saying. When we make these decisions on how to invest, where and what level, its all with an eye towards returning value to shareholders, increasing value to shareholders, driving growth, profitable growth. So its a little difficult to generalize looking forward whether that relationship, that percentage would go up or down for all the previous reasons.
Hunter Keay: Okay, great. Thanks a lot for that. And lets talk about Next Gen Jammer for a minute, if you would. Can you help us understand how its going to kind of slew [ph] up over the long term and give us an idea how to think of some of the follow-on increments? What are some of the pacing items for those? Whats sort of the competitive set and maybe help us think about, in a best case scenario, the potential opportunity for you guys longer term? Thanks a lot.
Thomas Kennedy: Yes. So, our Next Generation Jammer, for those who dont know, thats a electronic warfare - essentially, its a self-contained pod, generates its own power. That gets converted into electrical energy to drive jammers within the pod. Theres two of those pods per Growler. Thats the F-18G which is the electronic warfare platform for the United States Navy. And so we won a major contract for that a couple years back. And it actually uses a GaN technology. So there is a technology that we had invested in 10 years ago that helped us win that program. And we see that program having quite long legs. Number one, were going into the development phase now and then theyll eventually get into transition to production and then enter production. As I mentioned, its on schedule. Its on cost and its hitting all of its milestones. And we think thats going to be a very successful franchise program for Raytheon in the future.
Hunter Keay: Thank you.
Thomas Kennedy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein of Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning.
Thomas Kennedy: Good morning, Sam. How are you doing?
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. Couple little questions. First is, why is cash flow from operations up only about $100 million when I thought the eBorders settlement was GBP150 million?
Thomas Kennedy: Yes, so the eBorders settlement, you got the number right, its about $226 million. But the payment came in on the first day of the second quarter.
Sam Pearlstein: Right. But Im just saying, for the full-year outlook, youre only increasing $100 million.
Thomas Kennedy: Yes, not - yes, sure, Sam. So fist Ill start and, as you said, we increased the year by $100 million. Were also going up $100 million in the second quarter as part of that. It is attributable to the eBorders settlement. But it has been partially offset - this is getting at the crux of your question - by some changes in program milestone collections as a result of some later timing on awards within the year. So the cash isnt gone. Its just - its a timing issue for that $100 million, if you will, between 2015 and in 16. We do have a range of $300 million in our outlook or our guidance there. So our expectations are to be within this range. Overall, we continue to see strong operating cash flow in 2015. The range now expected to be between $2.4 billion and $2.7 billion. We do see still the majority of the cash flow being weighted in the second half of the year really driven by the timing of significant program milestones.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. Thats great. And then can you talk a little bit about the IDS segment, just looking at the margins this quarter and how do you get them to 50% this year? Are there other certain milestone of contractual resolutions or some of it is the direct foreign sale of the recent award, what is it that drives that margin up?
Thomas Kennedy: Yes, sure. So in Q1, as you pointed out, right, the margins were down. That was as expected. And consistent with what we said in January, that was driven by the mix due to - unfavorable mix due to the plan ramp-down on certain of our international Patriot programs. So looking forward, clearly, we see the margins at IDS improving primarily in the second half of the year. That overall business mix will improve just as you said, as these new international programs from the end of 2014 and the awards here in the early part of 2015 start to ramp up and move through the production cycle so that the mix gets more favorable, but not until the second half of the year.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And if I can add one more. I just want to summarize in terms of some of the commentary about the acquisitions. Is it fair to say that well see more balanced after the deployment in that $1 billion plus type of acquisitions from here on out now that Websense has been announced?
Thomas Kennedy: As we sit today, and well continue to look for valuated target acquisitions that do position the company for future growth. But we dont see as I sit here today a large acquisition of the size of Websense. But there could potentially be some smaller acquisitions to fit some technology areas that we need to be successful in that market space.
Sam Pearlstein: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Sterne Agee, CRT. Please proceed.
Peter Arment: Yes, good morning, Tom and Toby.
Thomas Kennedy: Good morning.
Peter Arment: A question on - I guess a clarification back to Robs comment on kind of domestic versus international. Clarification, Toby, on you said the domestic being down a little bit, low single-digit, international, up. Does that continue at that same pace in the 16 or do we see domestic improve kind of given Toms comments about the 16 budget?
Toby OBrien: Yes. So let me answer it this way. Clearly, with the awards that weve seen, again, coming out of the end of last year and into 14, wed expect to see strong performance into 16 on the international front. On the domestic side of it, Todd, back to the comments that Tom made earlier relative to where the domestic budgets are going, wed probably see our domestic profile start to flatten out towards the end of the year. And we could start to see some improvement going forward.
Peter Arment: Okay. Thats helpful. And then just lastly - and congratulations on all these Patriot wins. Tom, you mentioned kind of 14 countries that now theyre deployed. I mean how do we think about that long-term? I mean we ask this I think every quarter about what inning are we in in terms of missile defense orders out in the Middle East and Asia but how do we think about the opportunity longer term outside of kind of you just mentioned, Poland, Germany, et cetera?
Thomas Kennedy: So outside of the bringing on a whole brand new country like weve done with Poland, we hope to do with Germany, that we did do with Qatar, there are also the upgrade capabilities with each of the partner countries that have the Patriot system. And right now weve been doing something called Configuration-3 plus. You may have heard us talk about them on some of the calls. Thats a major upgrade to the Patriot system that were off and working with the Archon. And as of today, there is 72 fire units that are still there for upgrade potential. And we are working with those customers to upgrade those systems. And then I also mentioned previously the upgrade for the 360 AESA radar. That will be a new upgrade for all the Patriot systems. And theres over 200 of those radars to be upgraded. So I think the way of looking at it is that these 14 countries are a market of surrounded around Patriot. And so we are working with those customers to continually to upgrade those systems to counter the evolving threat. So theres a base program that the software upgrades and other things as the threat changes. And that we work across those countries. And then also as new technology comes on board to improve the capability of the system, we then insert that technology across those 14 countries Patriot systems. So essentially, its a market on its own that we look to continually to upgrade and provide a support activity. So its a great franchise business. And it also does, for the customers, it allows them to share in the cost for any software upgrades for the evolving threat and then also to share in the cost of the development of new technology. So its a great win-win situation for both sides.
Peter Arment: Thats great color. Thanks, Tom.
Toby OBrien: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton. Please proceed.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Thomas Kennedy: Good morning, Pete. How are you doing?
Pete Skibitski: Good, good. Hey, on Poland Patriots, I was wondering if you could give us some more color on maybe ballpark some of the characteristics of the contract. Theres a lot of numbers falling out there. Some of them are talking about more than $5 billion. Can you give us a sense of how many batteries its going to be maybe ballpark the size and length and then when you talk about the 2016 booking, are you talking early in the year or later in the year?
Thomas Kennedy: So just real quick. So right as of today, actually Tuesday, we were down - we were selected by Poland to provide the Patriot solution for their integrated air and missile defense system. And then as part of that activity, we have provided various, I would call it options, for the Polish government, variants of Patriot and quantities of fire units and how to set them up in their country. So we have been working with them. But now some additional work is required to move forward to definitize what that exact configuration will be for the Polish government. As part of that effort, we also have been working with Polish industry. We have 25 plus agreements with Polish industry in terms of doing coproduction and potential codevelopment activities all in support of the Patriot system. So the bottom line is well be in negotiations with the Polish government to act to define exactly what this configuration is. And as we get that information and get more clarity on that, well be providing that to you guys to ensure you understand where that program is going.
Toby OBrien: And I think, Pete, given all that Tom said, while we cant exactly predict when the award would come, think back out of 2016 because there is some work to be done to work through all those steps.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. I got it. I got it. And then just on the streak [ph] you guys on with Patriot, is it fair to say that the IDS being your highest margin business that that maybe has the best kind of midrange growth outlook for the firm?
Thomas Kennedy: Ill take it out first and then Ill let Toby come in and he can put some numbers on some things. But the bottom line is in IDS, with all these Patriots coming in, in some cases bumper-to-bumper and some case coming in on top of each other. What thats doing and thats allowing us to stack all this up in the factory to gain significant, I would call, production efficiencies and getting IDS margins back to what weve traditionally have had in that business. So essentially, its replenishing the backlog for that factory and allowing us to gain those efficiencies as you move forward. Thats a good news on IDS. But dont forget, IDS is also once a major program. For example, the air and missile defense radar program that they have that are off and running. They also won the 3DELRR, which is in protest. So in addition to the Patriot franchise getting reinvented to a certain extent and all the upgrade potential for it, they also have some brand new franchises that are on the horizon that they have in hand. And that the AMDR is in development. Thats going to be transitioning into production. Thats going to go into both the U.S. domestic and also international coalition partners. And then we have the 3DELRR which is in protest right now. But when that comes out of protest, assuming Raytheon is on the right side of that, that is another program that has a significant, actually was set up by OST to be an international program on day one. So a brand new franchise for them there. So bottom line is IDS is much more than just Patriot moving forward. And I have that same - I can give you that same play for each of the other businesses. All the businesses are coming up with I would call it new franchises. And theyre also reinventing their existing franchises. We talked about AMRAAM. AMRAAM has gone through a whole new upgrade program. Its called the AIM-120D. Its a brand new missile. Great capabilities. And so its essentially been reinvented. And just in the last year, over a $1 billion worth of AMRAAM orders. So this is going on all throughout the company across all our product lines and across all our pursuits.
Toby OBrien: And I would - Pete, Id just add that specific to IDS when we talk about mix, thats probably the one business within the company that can have the biggest swing or the most impact because of mix, in part, given the nature of the beast with the large $1 billion plus contracts that drive that within IDS. So that combined with loading up the factory here, does give us confidence that we will be seeing improvement over time in the IDS margin as we had previously talked about.
Pete Skibitski: Thats great. Thanks, guys.
Thomas Kennedy: Thank you.
Todd Ernst: All right. Chantilly, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of Doug Harned of Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Thomas Kennedy: Good morning, Doug. How are you doing today?
Doug Harned: Good, good. I wanted to ask on IDS because if we go back historically, the business could be doing 16%, even 17% type margins. So I know today, on the positive side, youve got more international work, higher percentage of that there, which should be good. And the negative side in the near-term, a lot of new programs, which you probably are looking at lower margin. When you talk about what the percentage of international is and then can we expect this to go back over time to those 16%, 17% type margin levels that we used to see?
Thomas Kennedy: So, Doug, youre asking a very interesting question to two individuals who used to actually run that business. I dont know if you remember that or not. But we have a deep domain understanding of what it takes to drive the margins in that business. So Toby is going to walk you through this. And you couldnt have asked the two people that are more familiar with our business.
Toby OBrien: So IDS does have the largest international content of our four businesses. It has been running close to about 50%, 50-50 domestic-international. And obviously that mix in and of itself, putting time in the side, does help to drive the margin profile. As you pointed out, we have run going back last year 16%; in 2013, a little over 17%. And depending upon the timing of some of these other programs that you alluded to, which they are development programs, they are being booked at lower margins, things like AMDR. Tom mentioned 3DELRR. As those move ultimately through production, theyll help lift the margin. But it is possible to see margins start overtime. But it will take a couple of years once this backlog really gets into kind of full steam on this international Patriot awards before we would potentially see them climbing back up to those past historical levels.
Thomas Kennedy: I think, Doug, one thing that really has - two guys that run that business, very excited about what were seeing is the, I would call it the bumper-to-bumper work, and we mentioned just over the last 18 months close to $7 billion worth of new bookings. And that doesnt include Poland. And if you lay in or layer in Poland on top of these others, that you have essentially a full factory going up almost to 2022. So that allows us to really work the efficiencies, productivity, really allows us to work with our suppliers across the board, gives us levers that you dont have when you just have one contract. And so were very upbeat about IDS here over the next several year. Both and I will be definitely probing to ensure that they meet our expectations. Having run the business, we know which levers they are. And if they dont have their hands on those levers, well make sure those hands get on those levers very quickly.
Doug Harned: And then shifting gears a little bit. Two technologies that have become an increasingly high priority in the Pentagon have been directed energy weapons and rail guns, two things that you all have been working on for quite a few years. Could you talk about the outlook for those technologies? Are these something that you see - and what timeframe contributing materially to your revenues?
Thomas Kennedy: Well, number one is were - youre absolutely correct. We have been investing in these technologies for many years, especially the high energy laser. We see that as core to our business. We have great domain expertise in that area. We believe we have a great new technology in that area that will allow us to gain market share. We are working with the U.S. government on several programs relative to high energy lasers. I think the bottom line is going to be, Doug, is when is the U.S. government ready to move forward into a major EMD program on one of these systems. The power levels have to get up to be something that youd actually want to, I would call it, put into service. And the technology that we have allows us to get to those power levels. But again, you do need in this marketplace, you need essentially a customer sponsor whos willing to work with you and take you into EMD program and then transition the production also to go through all the testing required to get one of these systems into the hands of our war fighters. But I think were in the cost of moving in that direction.
Doug Harned: But it sounds like its a few years off. Is that --
Thomas Kennedy: Yes, a few years off I would say. But were not talking decades.
Doug Harned: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Kennedy: Okay.
Todd Ernst: All right. Were going to have to leave it there. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speak with you again on our second quarter conference call on July. Chantilly.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Toby O'Brien - 
Analysts: Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Taheesha, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Taheesha. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. There is also -- we announced this morning the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and the printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer; and Toby O'Brien, who will formally take over as CFO on March 2 of this year. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Dave and then we'll move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly the comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon concluded 2014 with a strong fourth quarter, driven by global demand for advanced technologies and solid executions across the company. Bookings were better than expected at $7.1 billion, yielding a book-to-bill ratio of 1.16 for Q4. Sales were up nearly 5% in the quarter as both domestic and international sales increased, and cash flow and margins were strong as well. These results were made possible by the dedicated efforts of the entire Raytheon team and I want to thank everyone on the team for the strong quarter and solid year. As I look back on 2014, I'm pleased with our overall performance. We had a book-to-bill ratio of 1.05 for the year. Bookings of $24.1 billion exceeded the high end of our expectations. The company capitalized on key domestic and international opportunities in missile defense, electronic warfare, cybersecurity, C4ISR and training. This highlights our continued alignment with our customers' priorities and our strong competitive position. Furthermore, we're especially proud that we delivered better-than-expected bookings performance, even as one of our anticipated large international Patriot awards moved into the first quarter of 2015. Operationally, we continue to focus on reducing costs, improving affordability and delivering strong returns, while at the same time, we follow through on our commitment to invest in our future. As we look forward to 2015, we expect to continue to perform well. Dave will walk you through our 2015 guidance in a few minutes. Demand from our broad base of customers continues to drive growth in our international business. Over the past few months, I continue to receive feedback from our international customers and investing in national security remains a top priority, given the global threat environment, and you can see this in both our fourth quarter and full year results. Full year 2014 international bookings were up 27% over 2013 and were 35% of the total company bookings. I would note that our international book-to-bill ratio for the year was 1.28 and at 4 -- at the fourth quarter, it was 2.0. So we finished the year with very solid international bookings. We saw strong demand across our international portfolio during the year, including bookings from Qatar for Patriot and an air defense operating center; Kuwait for Patriot fire units; Canada for the North Warning System; several countries for AMRAAM; South Korea for GEM-T missiles and the Australia for the Air Warfare Destroyer, among a host of others. At the end of Q4, international backlog increased to 40% of our total backlog. Our domestic bookings in 2014 also improved over 2013. We received key awards in training, SM-3, AMRAAM, Tomahawk and the FAA STARS program. We also closed on a key competitive awards, including the family of advanced beyond line of sight terminal. And last summer, we also had successful test of the Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle that allows us to move forward on this important program that protects the homeland. We saw strong bookings in our classified business, which includes both domestic and international, and our overall classified bookings increased by 29% in 2014. We feel good about the outlook for 2015 and we expect another year with a book-to-bill ratio above 1. International bookings are expected to continue to be strong, representing approximately 1/3 of our total 2015 bookings, driven by opportunities from a broad base of global customers and across a wide range of our products and solutions, including missiles, tactical radars and Command and Control systems. In addition, demand for the proven Patriot systems air and missile defense capability continues. New opportunities in Asia and the Middle East as well as competitive awards in Europe continue to develop. As I just mentioned, we are close to finalizing a $2 billion Patriot order from an international customer in Q1. We also expect to conclude negotiations on a Patriot upgrade program in South Korea within the next 6 to 9 months. Keep in mind the GEM-T missile upgrade awarded to us in Q3 of 2014 is a precursor for Korea's expected follow-on hardware upgrade to Configuration-3 plus. In Europe, Poland is expected to make the final down select for their medium-range integrated air and missile defense competition by the end of this year. Patriot is 1 of 2 systems in the final round of the competition. From a domestic perspective, the final agreement on the fiscal year 2015 DoD base budget was reached in December. Modernization accounts came in several billion dollars higher than requested, yielding funding increases for several Raytheon programs. We expect the Administration to submit its fiscal year 2016 defense budget request next week. While we won't speculate on what the final funding level for DoD will be in fiscal year 2016, we will point out that even if the Budget Control Act caps are not raised at all, DoD base budget funding will be several billion dollars higher in fiscal year 2016 than fiscal year 2015. While the domestic market is still constrained, the trajectory of the DoD base budget is finally starting to trend upwards. We see considerable opportunities in the domestic market. The growing sophistication of the threat to our national security is creating demand for new innovative solutions. As a result, we are investing more to develop the discriminating technologies and differentiated capabilities that will enable us to provide our customers what they need in areas such as missile defense, electronic warfare, high-energy lasers, advanced propulsion and undersea sensors. These investments will position us to capture future franchise programs and lay the foundation for growth. Another area where we see continually evolving a pervasive threat is in cyber. In fact, we've seen a nomenclature change for certain areas of the industry. Whereas C3ISR expanded to C4ISR, this is now evolving to C5ISR where the latest C stands for cyber. Consistent with this, many of our customers are turning to us to incorporate the latest cyber protection into their networks and systems so that they are more secure. As always, we stand ready to help our global customers with our advanced cyber capabilities. At the end of the last decade, we began adding to our organic cyber capabilities through acquisitions and we've made a number of cyber-related acquisitions since then, positioning us as a technology leader in this growing market. Our latest cyber-related acquisition was Blackbird technologies, which we completed in the fourth quarter. Blackbird not only adds unique cyber and other capabilities but also expands key market channels in the special operations and Intel markets for Raytheon. It is a great fit and we welcome their employees to the Raytheon team. One of the key strengths of Raytheon is our ongoing commitment to our core values and in 2014, we were recognized for our achievements in the area of ethics and integrity, health and safety and sustainability. We were awarded the 2014 corporate leadership award by Transparency International-USA for our commitment to shape initiatives that promote high business standards, transparency and anticorruption in the U.S. and internationally. We achieved the best safety record in our history, significantly reducing both lost workdays and recordable injuries. We received the ENERGY STAR Partner award for an EPA and have been recognized as one of the top green companies in America for our strong greenhouse gas reduction program and sound energy practices. We were also recognized as one of the 100 best corporate citizens by Corporate Responsibility magazine. Our goal is to continue to build on these successes. Before wrapping up, I'd like to highlight another significant attribute that we pride ourselves on here at Raytheon: that is having a deep bench of management talent as a result of our strong leadership development and succession planning programs. Over recent weeks, we've made announcements that clearly demonstrate this. I'd like to again congratulate Dave Wajsgras on his new role as President of IIS. Dave has been CFO of Raytheon since 2006. His tenure as CFO has been an integral component of an exceptional period of value creation for the company. His deep industry background and broad experience working with both customers and industry partners will be key in driving the global growth strategy in IIS. Dave will be succeeding Lynn Dugle who will be retiring after serving more than 10 years with the company, including 6 years as a President of IIS where she delivered solid operating results and outstanding leadership. I'd also like to welcome Toby O'Brien to his new role as CFO of Raytheon. As many of you know, Toby has been with the company for nearly 30 years and has held a number of business CFO roles in the company. He was CFO at IDS when I led the business. So I've had the pleasure of working with Toby before and look forward to doing so again. I'm confident he'll do a great job. In summary, we had another great year at Raytheon and we have a solid outlook for 2015. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the fourth quarter and full year results, then I'll discuss our outlook for 2015 and after that, we'll open up the call for questions. So during my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning, which are posted on the Raytheon website. Okay, if everyone could please move to Page 3. We delivered solid results in both the quarter and the full year. Fourth quarter operating margin was 14.1% and on an adjusted basis was 13%. For the full year, operating margin was 13.9% and 12.7% on an adjusted basis. Our fourth quarter EPS from continuing operations was $1.86 and on an adjusted basis, was $1.71. For the full year, EPS from continuing operations was $6.97 and our adjusted EPS was $6.12. Our sales for the quarter were $6.1 billion and $22.8 billion for the year. We also generated strong operating cash flow of over $825 million for the quarter and $2.1 billion for the year, after a $600 million pretax discretionary pension contribution, which was not in our prior guidance. Additionally, the company repurchased 7.7 million shares of common stock for approximately $750 million in 2014. The company ended the year with a strong balance sheet and net debt of $611 million. Also, as previously announced, the company acquired Blackbird technologies in the fourth quarter for approximately $425 million. If you turn to Page 4, let me go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full year results. We had strong bookings of $7.1 billion in the quarter and $24.1 billion for the full year, resulting in a year-end backlog of $33.6 billion. Our book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.16 and 1.05 for the year, and the company ended 2014 with a funded backlog of $23.1 billion. For the quarter, international orders represented 50% of our total company bookings and for the full year, was 35% of total bookings. At the end of 2014, approximately 40% of our total backlog was international. Turning now to Page 5. We had fourth quarter sales of $6.1 billion, up 5% over the same period in 2013 and again, was consistent with our expectations. So looking at the businesses, all had higher sales than the same period last year. Net sales at IDS were $1.6 billion in the quarter. Compared to last year's fourth quarter, the increase was primarily due to higher sales on international Patriot programs. IIS net sales of $1.5 billion in the quarter were up from the same period last year, primarily due to higher volume on classified programs. Missile Systems had fourth quarter 2014 net sales of $1.7 billion, up 5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily due to higher sales on AMRAAM and evolved Sea Sparrow missile programs. And SAS had net sales of $1.7 billion in Q4, higher than the comparable period last year, primarily due to increased sales on an Electronic Warfare systems program. For the year, sales were $22.8 billion, down 3.7%, again, consistent with our expectations. International sales growth partially offset a decline in domestic sales. So moving ahead to Page 6, we delivered solid operational performance in the quarter and for the full year. Looking at business margins in the quarter, at IDS, IIS and missiles, margins were essentially in-line with or better than last year. In the fourth quarter 2014, IDS achieved some important program milestones and I did briefly discuss this on the call in October. And at SAS, fourth quarter 2013 benefited from the timing of profit adjustments. Said another way, SAS had a tough comparison. Also, you may recall that this business had strong third quarter margins in 2014, driven by the timing of performance that we had previously expected in the fourth quarter. It's worth noting that at IDS, IIS and SAS, margins all exceed the guidance range that we provided back in October. Missile Systems did come in slightly below our guidance, driven by program mix. So on Page 7, you'll see the both the fourth quarter and full year EPS. In the fourth quarter 2014, our EPS was $1.86 and for the full year was $6.97. And on an adjusted basis, was $1.71 in the fourth quarter and $6.12 for the full year. EPS for the quarter was strong and included the extension of the R&D tax credit, which was not in our prior guidance. As I previously mentioned, the company generated strong operating cash flow of $2.1 billion in 2014. Again, this includes the $600 million pretax or $400 million after tax discretionary pension contribution, which was also not in our prior guidance. Excluding the net discretionary cash contribution, our operating cash flow in 2014 would have been $2.5 billion. It's worth noting that on this basis, we exceeded the guidance that we provided you in October due to the timing of collections. Moving on to the 2015 guidance on Page 8. We see sales in the range of $22.3 billion to $22.8 billion, flat to slightly down from 2014. As for pension, we see the 2015 FAS/CAS adjustment at a positive $197 million, which I'll further discuss in just a minute. We expect net interest expense to be between $225 million to $235 million. We see our average diluted shares outstanding to be between $305 million and $307 million on a full year basis. As for our effective tax rate, we expect it to be approximately 27.5%. Our 2015 tax rate is higher than 2014, primarily due to the lapse of the R&D tax credit, which, again, is not included in our 2015 guidance. If the R&D tax credit is extended, it would favorably impact the effective tax rate by about 110 basis points and our EPS by approximately $0.10. As a reminder, we had an $83 million foreign tax credit in the first quarter of 2014, which also impacted the effective tax rate. And for 2015, we are anticipating a non-cash $88 million tax settlement in the second quarter. In 2015, we show our EPS to be in the range of $6.20 to $6.35 and our adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5.49 to $5.64. Our operating cash flow guidance for 2015 is expected to increase to between $2.3 billion and $2.6 billion. Before moving to Page 9, I want to mention that we expect the 2015 book-to-bill ratio to be between 1.0x and 1.05x, driven by continued demand from a broad base of domestic and international customers. And we, again, expect stronger bookings in the second half of this year similar to both 2013 and 2014. So if you move to Page 9. Here, we provided our initial 2015 guidance by business. Consistent with our prior comments, we expect 2015 adjusted margins to continue to be solid in the 12.1% to 12.3% range. Our margins for 2015 will be impacted by a change in program mix as well as higher investments in technology, with the objective of returning to top line growth. The investments we've made in GaN and cyber are paying off in significant ways today. We fully expect these new investments in radars, directed energy, EW and advanced propulsion to lay the foundation for growth over the next few years. At IDS, we see margins in the 15.1% to 15.3% range. The change from 2014 is driven by mix, most notably, the planned completion of some of our international Patriot programs. And in 2015, we are ramping up on several new programs, including Qatar Patriot and the new international Patriot award expected in Q1. As you know, we typically see lower margins at the inception of longer duration programs, which can improve over time as we retire risks and drive operational improvements. Longer-term, we see IDS margins improving after 2015 as the overall business mix improves and as these new large international programs progress through the production cycle. Additionally, you should note that we expect IIS margins of 7.4% to 7.6% to be impacted by approximately 60 basis points due to the Blackbird Technologies acquisition related costs. Excluding these, IIS margins would be in the range of 8% to 8.2%. SAS margins are expected to be down, driven by mix from lower volume as a result of completing some international programs as well as from higher business investments in 2015. Looking ahead, from a company level perspective, as domestic development programs transition to production and our international programs mature, we do see opportunity to improve margins in 2016 and beyond. If you'd now turn to Page 10. We've provided you with our 2015 outlook by quarter. You'll notice the sales ramp throughout the year. In addition, the second quarter EPS is favorably impacted due to the previously mentioned non-cash $88 million tax settlement. And finally, on Page 11. As we've done in the past, we provided a summary of the financial impact from pensions in 2014 as well as the projected 2015 through 2017 impact, holding all assumptions constant. As I mentioned earlier, we see the 2015 FAS/CAS adjustment at a positive $197 million, which reflects our investment returns in 2014 of over 6% on our U.S. pension assets and the December 31 discount rate of 4.1%. The discount rate is down 100 basis points from last year. Further, we reduced our long-term return on asset assumptions from 8.75% to 8% due to a change in the allocation of our planned assets and related investment strategies. Taken together, these result in a lower favorable FAS/CAS pension impact in 2015 compared to '14. Looking beyond 2015, it's important to keep in mind for each 25 basis point change in the discount rate, a result of $65 million to $75 million change in FAS/CAS takes place. Lastly, required pension contributions are decreasing in the near term as CAS recovery is increasing. This has a favorable impact on our pretax net cash flow over the forecast horizon. Before concluding, I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate Toby on his promotion. I've worked with Toby for 9 years and I can tell you that he understands Raytheon, has a strong network and is well respected across the entire company. He has a deep understanding of finance, the industry and our customers and he also has a strong commercial background, having been the CFO of Raytheon Aircraft for close to 5 years. His extensive and broad background provides a strong foundation for his and Raytheon's future success. Now on a personal note, I would like to mention that it's been great to work with all of you since joining Raytheon, and I'm looking very forward to my new role. I'm sure I'll see you at future Raytheon events. Let me conclude by saying that in 2014, Raytheon, again, delivered solid operating performance with bookings, margins, earnings and operating cash flow, all on or ahead of expectations. Book-to-bill was strong and our international business continues to grow. We have a strong balance sheet which gives us substantial flexibility and options to continue to drive shareholder value. With that, we'll open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Doug Harned from Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I want to make sure I understand the bookings and backlog trajectory better. And you booked $24 billion in '14, that's up from the prior year, and your book-to-bill is above 1, yet your backlog declined slightly. Can you connect those 2 so I can understand why -- how that decline happened despite the good book-to-bill?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, sure. This is Dave. Our book-to-bill in 2014 was 1.05, as you just mentioned. With that said, we did have a little over $1 billion in backlog adjustments, which was in line with the adjustments we've had over a number of years historically. And just to be clear, backlog adjustments reflect several items including currency fluctuations, under runs on completed cost type contracts and scope changes, including scope reduction on contracts and finally, contract terminations. I hope that helps.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes, it does. And what I'm just trying to understand is you mentioned some of the areas that you're investing in and so -- to lead to top line growth but when you look at your guidance for next year, you've got a lower revenue number. And if we come in with a book-to-bill again like this and -- what I'm worried about is that you have a trajectory with backlog may continue to decline, and I'm trying to understand when we should expect to see that growth in the top line.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So Doug, for next year, we see sales essentially in line with 2014, flat to maybe down 2%. As you look beyond the 2015 time frame, we do expect to return to growth in '16 and beyond. And importantly, again, we do see very strong bookings, both domestically and internationally, again, in 2015 that we saw in '14.
Thomas A. Kennedy: And Doug, just one last one there, in 2016, we'll have ramped up on 2 major new Patriot programs, Qatar and the other one that will be coming in this quarter, and so that will generate significant revenue growth for 2016.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: But what I'm trying to understand on that is that the international -- a lot of the international orders, as you ramp down, say, on U.A.E, you ramp up on Qatar and others, how do you see that ebb and flow? Because you also have some coming down at the same time and it's quite difficult to track how each of these sort of adds and subtracts from your, I guess, top line.
David C. Wajsgras: So Doug, let me try to add something here. So you'll recall, there was a fairly significant reduction in the DoD budget as we entered into the period of sequestration. That impacted the entire industry and Raytheon was not immune from that reduction. So what happened a few years back is now making its way through the backlog and through the sales line. That's partially offset over the last few years by the strength of our international bookings and our international growth. So as we look forward, what happened from 2012 to '13 is now in the rearview mirror from an overall financial performance standpoint. And again, we do expect to return to growth beyond '15.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So does this mean that your expectations for your U.S. defense revenues, you're expecting that to stabilize, which would make the international contributions more positive and allow you to grow? Is that fair?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, Doug. I think you hit the nail right on the head. The bottom line is, is that the defense budget, even with the BCA restrictions in caps, does start to increase in 2016 and beyond. And so our domestic business will start to trend up at that point but at the same time, we have a very, very strong backlog on the international, which we'll also be driving forward in terms of revenue. So we think we see 2016 as a year that we start ticking up.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, can you talk a little bit about the cash flow? If I just look year-over-year, you talked about a $900 million less contribution for pension but you don't see operating cash flow go up anywhere near that. So can you just talk about some of the moving pieces as to -- cash taxes and others as to why you're not seeing as big of an increase without the pension contribution?
David C. Wajsgras: So Sam, I was literally 100% certain you were going to ask me that question. So let me try to summarize it for you. In 2014, we had 2 items that impacted cash flow at the end of the year. We had the discretionary pension contribution of $400 million on a net basis, and we also saw some year-end collections in Q4 that we had expected in the first quarter of 2015, that's between roughly $100 million and $150 million. So when you normalize for these 2 items, 2014, we did achieve the high end of our guidance at roughly $2,350,000,000. And for 2015, adjusting for the earlier collections, the range would be $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion. So if you look at this year-over-year on a normalized basis, 2015 is roughly $300 million to $400 million higher than '14 at the high end of the range. So I hope that clarifies it for you. I tried to give you some numbers as I was walking through this.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And then can you give an update just on the GPS OCX program just because there was a lot of press about overruns there? I'm trying to just square that as to is that any impact in why IIS margins, even without the Blackbird, are still showing a decline next year or in '15?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me attack that one. On the GPS OCX program, there were some issues, we have worked with the Air Force on those. It is a very complex program, technology advanced. Number one, it is a cost-plus program, development program, and it is revolutionary relative to adding information insurance capability to a very large ground station for the GPS system. And we have been working with the Air Force on that program, we believe that we have turned the corner on that program moving forward, and we don't see any impact in this year or in the out years relative to that program.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Howard Rubel from Jefferies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two questions. Nice to -- good luck, Toby.
Toby O'Brien: Thanks, Howard.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But first is if we look across the board, although you set us up, Dave, a little bit for lower margins and discussed mix, it still seems as if there's a change in the trajectory of the business. And is this as much a setup for what you said is well, we beat our margins from our initial guidance? Or in fact, is there a business change?
David C. Wajsgras: No. So Howard, I appreciate you asking that question. So let me start out by saying at the end of last year, when Tom and I participated at the Crdit Suisse conference, we did talk about adjusted margins in 2015 being in sort of the lower 12% range. So again, we're projecting 12.1% to 12.3%. Now there's a number of areas that are important to mention here. Firstly, there is the program mix, particularly at IDS. And we talked about the cadence of the longer duration production programs coming down in '15 as we start out on the new programs that we were recently awarded and fully expect to be awarded in the first quarter and throughout the year. Secondly and maybe more importantly, we are increasing our spend in IRAD and program investments. Last -- we closed out the year last year with IRAD at just a little over 2% of sales. And as we look at 2015, we expect it to be closer to 3% of sales and that is -- those are important technology investments that Tom addressed earlier that position us well for both the top line and the bottom line growth. And then lastly, we mentioned this a little earlier as well, IIS, the acquisition of Blackbird Technologies, from an IIS standpoint, there's about 60 basis points of impact from the amortization of acquisition cost through intangibles. And at the company level, that's about 15 to 20 basis points. Now what I just went through, there is an offset there. There continues to be higher productivity as a result of the focused efforts throughout the company. But when you stand back and look at this, 2015 is a very strong year and positions us well for 2016 and beyond.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I'm going to switch for a moment. And Tom, I know you've been talking about a large $2 billion order for some time and it's always hard to pin down a date. Could you elaborate a little bit on what gives you increased confidence that we'll see it in this first quarter?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes. So last year, we had 2 big international awards that we were working to bring in. One of them, we did, which was Qatar for about $2.4 billion that came in December. This other one did slip into the first quarter and we are very close to closing on that deal. Based on the customer schedule, this one will close in this quarter, I'm highly confident of that. And that's about a $2 billion Patriot order. What's significant here, Howard, is both the Qatar and this order will be going on at the same time. So it's definitely going to give us an economic order quantity capability in terms of being able to get the best material buys for those programs. And also we'll definitely be turning the factory 3 shifts on those 2 programs over here for the next 3 to 4 years. So they are very important and are back-to-back, which is good for us.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Dave, we can't let you go without a question about pension.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, we had a feeling that was coming as well.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I thought really, when you mentioned the discount rate had changed but also I was wondering if you could comment on how your rate of return ended up for 2014 relative to what you told us in Q3. And also, what's prompted you in this 3 months' period to change your assumed rate of return.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure, yes. We ended the year with a little over 6% actual return on our pension assets in '14. And looking ahead, every year, we evaluate our long-term return on asset assumptions. So in the fourth quarter of '14, we did reduce our long-term target allocation for equities and increased our target allocation for fixed income, and that's principally in order to reduce our overall exposure to equity volatility going forward. The change in asset allocation resulted in a reduction of our long-term ROA assumption of about 75 basis points, and that's basically, in a nutshell, how we see things going forward.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up on the guidance. I notice you've increased your interest expense expectations. Can you give us an idea of what's behind that ? I mean, are you anticipating taking on more debt? Or is your cost of debt going higher?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, you'll recall that we issued $600 million of debt in Q4. $300 million in 10s and $300 million in 30s. Average cost was around 4% and that's what you're seeing impact interest expense in 2015. It's all fixed rate, that's an important thing to note. It's all fixed rate.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So you're not anticipating any additional debt movement beyond what's the announcement?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, look, we're always looking at our capital structure to optimize the financial foundation of the company. Standing back, we still have a very strong A- rating. We've talked about this in the past. We don't see ourselves going lower than BBB+. I think I mentioned that exactly on the third quarter call. So we could, in the future, but I'm not signaling anything. We have a very strong balance sheet and there is room to use the balance sheet from a shareholder perspective and from other perspectives. It's just a very solid foundation.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research: A question, Dave. The margins were down in '14, you're projecting them down in '15 again and then maybe a little bit better in '16. I mean, how do you look at what normalized margin should be? I mean, obviously, the investments you're making are somewhat discretionary. So I just kind of see if you have a -- what your answer to that might be.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. Thanks, George. So let me start by saying our objective is to improve and grow earnings through both top line and margin improvement. So the company's focused on program execution, on cost reduction and importantly, margin performance and we've talked about this before. If you look at the company, changes in mix, the timing of program completions and program starts, all impact margin. In 2015, and I mentioned this earlier, we're making important technology investments that drive future growth in margin expansion. After 2015, we do see opportunity for margins to increase on an adjusted basis, not from only a FAS/CAS basis. And it's driven by a number of different initiatives, in addition to the overall business mix improving over time. Tom and I both talked about strategic sourcing, facility optimization, expanding what we call our Global Business Services, which is our shared service initiative internally. So when you look at all this together, I think you framed it correctly. We do see growing margins in 2016 and beyond. But at this point, we're not going to suggest a target margin profile for the company.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. And one different one, Dave. I don't want to disappoint you because you figured I'd probably ask this as well. How much was international sales up versus domestic down?
David C. Wajsgras: International sales in 2014 were up about 1.5% and domestic was down about 5.5%.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research: And how about Q4?
David C. Wajsgras: In Q4, I'm glad you asked that, George. International was up by about 6% and domestic was up over 4%.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: I appreciate all the commentary on margins. I'm going to go there again, particularly sort of at IDS. You obviously gave great color on sort of the ramping work in Patriot and all that, but is there something maybe going on? We've obviously always held the belief that international is much more profitable than domestic, which, of course, it still is and will be going forward. But is there anything that you're seeing structurally, particularly maybe in the FMS arena that's causing some degree of pressure on the international margin side, maybe it's the bidding environment getting a little more aggressive? Is it -- should we think of that sort of traditional gap between international and domestic holding as we look out over the next couple of years? Or might we see some compression on some of the international margin side?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So Hunter, I think it's probably best to let Toby O'Brien handle that question since he just spent 5 or 6 years at the business. So Toby, go ahead.
Toby O'Brien: Sure, Dave. And Hunter, Dave hit some of this in his comments and I'll just try to add a little bit of color to that. I do have a good handle on the business, having been there for about 6 years, as Dave said, and know what drives it. From a big picture point of view, I can tell you it remains a very solid business. There are many things that can impact margins but really, the story with IDS margins in 2015 is driven by mix, program mix and timing. And I think the thing to understand is that we've seen this before a few years ago, where IDS margins did fluctuate year-over-year and then they did come back, okay? And at that point in time, it was the same thing, it was a combination of the mix and the timing related to the program completions and program startups, the same things that are impacting us here in 2015. So this is not a new phenomenon. We don't see any other pressures on the business related to your other question. And to reinforce what Dave said, we would expect to see the margin profile at IDS to improve after 2015 as the mix improves. And these awards that we've talked about, Qatar and the other one that we expect here in the first quarter that Tom talked about, as they move through their production cycle.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: And another one on -- maybe this is sort of a backdoor M&A question, but you talked obviously, about even a sequestration comes back into play, you're going to see a higher baseline budget going forward. But obviously, the investment accounts are going to be under a little bit more pressure. Do you guys see yourselves trying to move into sort of getting a bigger chunk of say, the O&M budget to generally [ph] sort of try to offset a little bit of incremental revenue headwinds that you might see in some procurement in R&D accounts?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well I think bottom line is in fiscal year '16, even with the BCA caps, the domestic base budget does go up. And we also, if you look at the F '15 fi-ed [ph] up, you'll see that the Administration has come in about $35 billion over what the BCA caps are for fiscal year '16. So in either case, there will be a larger base budget. And as part of that base budget the modernization is also going up. And so we believe that the domestic, we will have some uptick business. We're also seeing -- and that's why we're making some investments this year with the evolving threat out there, there's some opportunities for some -- inserting some new technology in -- starting in '16 and '17. And so that's another area why we're moving forward on that. On the LISC, the LISC is a great win for us. It's a joint venture that we have with General Dynamics, and that does give us insight into the ranges across an entire Air Force. So it's a great program for us there just on the base program itself, but giving us insight into what technologies we can bring to bear to the Air Force to help them as they move forward to get to a more affordable solution for all of the ranges. And then the other major area we have is the Warfighter FOCUS Program in terms of training. And we're working with our customers to ensure they have the appropriate training moving forward to be more efficient and from an affordability perspective.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dave, can you quantify either in dollar terms or as a percentage of revenue, the investments that you said that you're making here again in cyber, direct energy, electronic warfare, advanced propulsion? Kind of on a year-over-year basis, how much is growth that we're seeing in the spend here in 2015 and what's the spend trajectory look like for the next couple of years?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So specifically on the internal R&D, I noted it before with an earlier question, but I didn't give out the specific dollars. Let me start out again by saying in 2014, that ran a little over 2% of sales and in 2015, will be close to 3% of sales. That translates into roughly speaking, about $500 million of direct R&D spend in 2014, up to between $600 million and $650 million in R&D spend in 2015. Now importantly, that's only one element of our overall R&D focus. Every year, we book and bill, essentially, between $1 billion and $1.5 billion of customer funded R&D. And this is another important element of our overall focus on technologies. And lastly, there are occasions where we win large programs, particularly international, where part of the program win is development activity for technologies that we can leverage on the other programs in the future. So I hope that helps and clarifies the way we're thinking about the company in '15 and beyond.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, that is helpful. But as you look out to '16 and '17 and beyond, are we moving our internal R&D from 2% of sales to 3% in perpetuity? Or is 2015 a special year and we go back to 2% in the future?
David C. Wajsgras: No, I'm actually glad you asked that. We're thinking about internal R&D in the upper 2% range for the foreseeable future.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the yet to be named Patriot customer, can you talk about what region in the world that might be coming from?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, the world is a pretty big place. So let's put it this way. There's 3 regions where we have significant demand for Patriot. And one is Eastern Europe, another one is the MENA region, and the other one is Asia-Pacific. And it's in one of those regions. So I can't get into a direct -- but all I can tell you is I do have a team in country. We are -- we essentially completed all of our activities and now the customer is now going through some of their final arrangements, and we look pretty strong here for a Q1 award. And again, it is important because if you take that on top of the $2.4 billion Qatar, that's within a very short period of time, $4.4 billion of pure Patriot manufacturing where we have significant control over, how you say, efficiencies and in driving our material cost down to ensure we provide, Id say, pretty good margins on those programs.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And can you remind us, the installed base on Patriot is 11 or 12 countries at this point, how many of them still need to have an upgrade?
Thomas A. Kennedy: So we have about -- the new addition of Qatar, we have 13 countries that have Patriot, that's with the addition of Qatar. And out of those, we have probably another 7 -- actually, it's 8, another 8 will have opportunities for the Configuration-3 upgrade. We have the upgrade we've done in Taiwan, we have done the upgrade in UAE. We're doing -- we'll be doing the upgrade in Korea moving forward, and also Qatar, we'll have that upgrade in it. And we've also been doing an upgrade in Saudi on Configuration-3 plus. And then Kuwait, if you remember at the beginning of this year to the beginning of 2014, the first quarter, we got an order for Kuwait for a Configuration-3 plus. So the bottom line is, significant opportunity within the consortium of Patriot users and again, we're up to 13 countries. And with the Polish competition, if that goes in the right direction, that will give us another country and allow us to have 14 participants in the Patriot consortium worldwide.
Todd B. Ernst: Taheesha, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your last question will come from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about from a couple of perspectives. One, can you tell us how much Blackbird is going to contribute to revenue in 2015? And then part 2, just on the cash flow outlook, it really looks like at a reasonable level of share repurchases, it really looks like your dry powder is going to build pretty meaningfully over the next couple of years. So should we expect especially now that you've got maybe some better DoD budget visibility, should we expect M&A to accelerate kind of sharply over the next couple of years?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me talk about Blackbird real quick here. It is a great acquisition for us, number one, for its technology and also for its channels into both SOCOM and the Intel communities. But in terms of this year, it will give us about a 1% in terms of revenue contribution to the business. Just one other element we -- it is a very excellent management team for Blackbird and also have a great workforce of I would call some very highly skilled technical folks. So we're looking forward to the synergies that we'll be able to achieve via that acquisition.
David C. Wajsgras: So Pete, again, Toby O'Brien, the soon to be official CFO, it's probably best for him to talk about his thoughts on capital deployment going forward. So Toby, why don't you handle that?
Toby O'Brien: Sure Dave. So Pete, as Todd mentioned, I won't officially be in the CFO seat here until early March, but capital deployment is something I've spent some time on and given some thought. And Tom and Dave have described our priorities for capital deployment for a while and they've been pretty consistent. And I do believe that our approach has and will continue to serve us and our shareholders well. So bottom line at this point, I don't foresee the need for any meaningful changes to our current approach or priorities. That said, we will continue with an active share repurchase program. We will continue to recommend annual dividend increases to our Board. And given the funded status of the pension plans and where we are now forecasting markets over the next 3 years, we are not currently seeing any need for further discretionary pension contributions. And lastly, as you know, our global growth objective, it's very key to us and will continue to be a priority. And acquisitions that create shareholder value, meaning that they have to make sense economically, they have to fill a gap from a product technology or market channel standpoint. They will become a focus more than they have in prior years and Tom just described Black Border -- Blackbird -- excuse me and that's a good example of an acquisition that met that criteria.
Todd B. Ernst: All right, great. Well, thank you. We'll have to leave it there. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter conference call in April. Taheesha?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas A. Kennedy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn, and I'll be your event manager for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Glenn. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website on raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of the website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Dave, and then we'll move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. This morning, Raytheon reported solid quarter results, driven by strong operational performance across the company. Notably, our margins in the third quarter improved over last quarter due to solid program execution, and our book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.07 as a result of global customer demand for our diverse range of solutions. Raytheon's broad and deep portfolio of advanced systems continues to be a key strength for the company. Overall, we performed well in the third quarter and continue to position the company for long-term growth. In the quarter, domestic bookings were solid and drove a book-to-bill ratio of 1.15. Demand in the third quarter came from across our domestic portfolio, including significant bookings from the FAA and other civil customers in addition to core defense. I would note that this is the second consecutive quarter with domestic book-to-bill ratio above 1. Turning now to the international market. The shifting geopolitical landscape and the evolving global threat environment are driving demand for our advanced solutions. And as we mentioned on the last call, Qatar signed an LOA for $2 billion Patriot integrated air and missile defense system with the U.S. government in early July. Since this is an FMS deal, the next step is for us to get a contract with the U.S. government. We are currently working through the process to finalize our agreement with the U.S. Army, and we expect to book an order before year-end. Another international booking opportunity we see in the fourth quarter is also for Patriot System. This is a $2 billion opportunity for 6 fire units. As we mentioned on the last call, we expect to book this before year-end. As we look beyond this year into 2015, we see continued demand for our core capabilities from our global customers, which highlights our alignment with our priorities. For example, there are a number of upcoming domestic opportunities in electronic warfare, including the Surface Electronic Warfare Improvement program, which is an EW system for ships; and the radio frequency countermeasures program, which is a Jammer receiver to protect special operations aircraft. These pursuits, along with other opportunities, represent meaningful future electronic warfare growth potential for the company. For cyber, we're winning new business and see significant opportunities developing in both our domestic and international markets. As we've discussed on prior calls, we expect a couple of large international Patriot decisions next year. These are for Poland's integrated air and missile defense system and South Korea's upgrade of their existing systems to Configuration-3 plus. These opportunities reflect ongoing global demand for our advanced integrated air and missile defense solutions. Domestically, we are in a competition for the Missile Defense Agency's long-range discrimination radar, a large radar to be utilized for homeland missile defense, which we expect to be awarded in 2015. We are well positioned for this competition. These are just a few of the many opportunities that we see developing in the year ahead. To position the company for long term, we continue to make investments in game-changing technologies. Today, Raytheon is a global leader in the effects market. By leveraging our world-class talent and focusing our IRAD efforts on developing the next generation of weapons systems, we are winning early technology programs now to remain at the forefront of this market in the future. We see 2 key areas where our customers are seeking more sophisticated capabilities: directed energy and high-speed weapon systems. In directed energy, we received a contract award in the third quarter to develop a vehicle-based, high-energy laser weapon system for the U.S. Marines capable of defeating low-flying threats. The Raytheon-built, high-energy laser will be packaged to meet the customer's demand in size, weight and power requirements for the weapon system. In high-speed weapons, the increasing importance of standoff strike capability and speed to target are driving customer interest and we are heavily engaged in this developing area. Raytheon has won a position on 3 key programs: hypersonic air-breathing weapon concept, the tactical boost glide and the conventional prompt strike. The first 2 are DARPA programs and the last one is for the U.S. Navy. While initial orders in both of these areas are relatively small, they are the seed corn for significant long-term prospects. Our investments in technology have been yielding results. For example, after the close of the quarter, the U.S. Air Force awarded Raytheon a contract for engineering and manufacturing development of the Three Dimensional Expeditionary Long Range Radar or 3DELRR, a new mobile radar that will detect, identify and track drones, missiles and aircraft. It's a versatile system that can be used for both ISR and missile defense missions. We believe 3DELRR has significant domestic and international sales potential over the next 2 decades. To win the competition, we leveraged many of the technology and manufacturing investments that we have made over the last 10 years. I should mention that this competitive award is currently under protest. But as we said before, that seems to be the new normal. In today's environment, while having advanced technology as a key discriminator, providing it at an affordable cost is just as crucial. To that end, we continue to aggressively implement lean manufacturing initiatives, execute our strategic sourcing plan across our supply chain, optimize our global shared services and reduce our footprint. The bottom line is that we are focused on driving cost savings and affordability for our customers and returns for our shareholders. This also helps us drive competitive advantage. In summary, I'm pleased with the overall results in the quarter. We are executing our strategy. We are delivering the performance and solutions our customers need. And we are building the foundation for long-term global growth. I'd like to thank everyone on the Raytheon team for all of their efforts in the third quarter and as we work to finish out a strong year. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Tom. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the third quarter highlights, and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slide that we issued earlier this morning, so if everyone could turn to Page 3. We're pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the third quarter. Bookings were $5.9 billion and sales were $5.5 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.07. Operating margin was strong at 13.9%. EPS from continuing operations was $1.65 and was reduced by $0.06 per share to reflect the retroactive year-to-date impact of pension funding stabilization as part of the highway bill enacted in August and actuarial updates related to our pension plans. And just to be clear, the $0.06 per share is comprised of $0.11 per share due to lower CAS expense, partially offset by $0.03 per share for the favorable impact from the reduction of the effective tax rate and $0.02 per share for the actuarial updates that I just mentioned. On an adjusted basis, operating margin was strong at 13.2%. Adjusted EPS in the quarter was $1.57. We also generated solid operating cash flow, $423 million for the quarter. The highway bill lowered cash flow by about $50 million in the quarter and will impact full year by about $150 million. During the quarter, the company repurchased 2.1 million shares of common stock for $200 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchased to 6.8 million shares for $650 million. Turning now to Page 4. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $5.9 billion, an increase of about $200 million compared to the third quarter 2013. And on a year-to-date basis, bookings were $16.9 billion, an increase of approximately $2.3 billion over the same period last year. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, our book-to-bill ratio was 1.08. For the quarter, international bookings were 24% of total new awards and on a year-to-date basis was 28%. For the year, we continue to expect international to be in the range of 35% to 40% of total company bookings. As Tom just mentioned, we have significant international opportunities that we expect to book in the fourth quarter. We continue to see our full year 2014 bookings to be in the range of $23.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million. This would result in a book-to-bill ratio of between 1.0x and 1.05x. Backlog at the end of the third quarter was $33.2 billion, up $1 billion compared to the same period last year and funded backlog was $22.9 billion, up approximately $700 million, again, compared to last year's third quarter. Now on Slide 5. For the third quarter 2014, sales were $5.5 billion and year-to-date were $16.7 billion. International sales were approximately 30% of total sales in the quarter and were up just under 4% compared to last year's third quarter. IDS had third quarter 2014 net sales of $1.4 billion. The change from Q3 2013 was driven by the completion of the production phases on a couple of international Patriot programs. IIS net sales of $1.5 billion in the quarter were relatively consistent with the same quarter last year. Missile systems had third quarter 2014 net sales of $1.5 billion. As expected, we saw lower sales from U.S. Army programs. Sales were also impacted by the planned transition from development to production on Standard Missile-3 in this year's third quarter. And SAS had net sales of $1.5 billion. Lower volume on intersegment sales was the primary driver when compared to last year's Q3. Excluding the reduced intersegment sales, SAS's sales were in line with the third quarter 2013. Now moving to Page 6. Overall, the company margins were strong and exceeded our guidance. Our reported operating margin was 13.9% and on an adjusted basis was 13.2%. On a year-to-date basis, our operating margin was 13.8% and 12.6% on an adjusted basis. As most of you know, recent pressure on the Defense budget has been driving the Defense Department to look for innovative ways to deploy resources more effectively. One of these ways has been the rollout of DoD's better buying power initiatives. Along these lines, we continue to find ways to reduce the total price of our offerings, leverage exportability and strengthen competitiveness. We're making thoughtful investments in technology with the objective of lowering program development and production costs and positioning Raytheon to further expand internationally, while improving our global competitive posture. We're doing this while maintaining a focus on strong margins. So looking at the business margins. All were up sequentially from the second quarter. Strong operating performance across our businesses, combined with our focus on execution productivity and efficiency, continues to be reflected in our financial results. At missiles and SAS, margins were higher than the same period last year. Solid overall program performance drove improvement at both businesses. At SAS, we experienced strong material and labor efficiencies, particularly with tactical airborne systems production. The change in IDS was primarily driven by a few international air and missile defense programs nearing completion. And at IIS, we saw higher net program efficiencies in last year's third quarter. Overall, the company is performing well. Turning now to Page 7. Third quarter 2014 EPS was $1.65 and on an adjusted basis was $1.57. EPS for the third quarter 2014 was better than expected, primarily due to the improved tax rate and overall margin performance. On Page 8, we are updating the company's financial outlook for 2014, which now includes the recent enactment of the highway bill. Based on our performance year-to-date, we've narrowed our sales range guidance, raising the low end by $200 million. We now expect our full year 2014 net sales to be in the range of between $22.7 billion and $23 billion. And we have -- and as we have done in prior years, during the third quarter, we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of this update and the enactment of the highway bill, the FAS/CAS adjustment for the year decreased by $59 million from $346 million to $287 million or $0.12 per share. We repurchased 2.1 million shares of common stock for $200 million in the quarter and have narrowed our diluted share count to be in the range of between 312 million and 313 million shares for 2014, which would be a 4% reduction at the midpoint compared with full year 2013. Now I'll address the updates to our EPS and changes to our tax outlook in just a minute. As I mentioned earlier, operating cash flow in the quarter was solid and we expect it to remain strong in Q4. I do want to point out that our updated 2014 guidance for operating cash flow is slightly lower, reflecting the implementation of the highway bill, which is expected to have an approximate $150 million net cash impact. This is due to both the lower cash recovery and higher cash taxes, which together, more than offsets the lower required pension contributions. We now expect our 2014 guidance for operating cash flow to be between $2.15 billion and $2.35 billion. Turning now to Page 9. We've provided you with a walk, showing the change to both our GAAP and adjusted EPS outlook for 2014. You'll note that we raised our full year 2014 adjusted EPS guidance on the high end by $0.10 due to the lower expected tax rate for the full year. And given our confidence level, we've narrowed the range. Adjusted EPS is now expected to be between $5.91 and $6.01 for 2014. As a reminder, we've not included in our 2014 guidance the potential extension of the R&D tax credit. The change in GAAP EPS includes the $0.10 for the tax improvement and also includes the $0.12 reduction in the FAS/CAS adjustment that I've mentioned a moment ago. We now expect full year 2014 EPS to be between $6.77 and $6.87. Now if you'd move to Page 10. We've raised SAS margins to reflect the stronger year-to-date performance, narrowed the range for IIS and missiles and lowered IDS's margins to reflect business performance year-to-date. With that said, the fourth quarter for IDS is expected to be strong. For the company, we see adjusted operating margin to be in the range of between 12.7% and 12.8% for the full year. Before moving on to Page 11, I wanted to make you aware that we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a privately held company in our core defense business for approximately $400 million. We expect the closing next month after completing normal regulatory reviews and approvals. Given that this acquisition is still under regulatory review and subject to a nondisclosure agreement, we're unable to comment further until it closes. So if you could please move to Page 11. We have provided a FAS/CAS pension adjustment matrix for 2015, as we've done in prior years. It does include the estimated impact of the highway bill. And just to be clear, the discount rate and the actual asset returns won't be known until we close out 2014. As you can see on Slide 12, we've provided an outlook for required funding and CAS recovery that include the impact of the highway bill compared to our prior outlook from last January. Required pension contributions are decreasing from both the prior outlook as well as sequentially from 2014. CAS recovery still increases, although at a slower rate. This has a favorable impact on our pretax net cash flow over the forecast horizon. Again, markets are volatile and asset returns will change before year-end, which will affect these estimates. We'll provide a more detailed pension outlook on our January year-end call. Before concluding, let me take just a moment to bring you up-to-date on e-Borders. As we announced on August 15, we received a decision from the arbitration tribunal in connection with the proceeding between Raytheon Systems Limited and the U.K. Home Office that the UK Border Agency unlawfully terminated RSL. As a result, we were awarded approximately $300 million. The Home Office has since filed a challenge to the decision. Payment of amounts awarded to Raytheon is now pending resolution of the challenge. As such, we have not included the impact in our third quarter results or in our full year guidance. Due to the ongoing legal matters, we cannot comment further at this time. So in summary, we saw solid performance in the third quarter. We have strong bookings and strong margins. We expect to close out the year with a number of new awards that establishes a solid foundation for the future. Combined with our strong cash flow and balance sheet, we believe we're well positioned to continue to drive value for our customers and our shareholders. With that, Tom and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I would love to ask you more about your $400 million acquisition, but I know you said not to do that.
David C. Wajsgras: I know you would, Joe, but we just can't talk about it.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, I understand. But you said it was in your core defense area. I noted that one of your competitors made an acquisition in the last week or so, a $200 plus million acquisition in the commercial cyber area, which is something that you guys have expressed some interest in. And talking about BAE, just to be specific, Tom, I was wondering if you could update us on your thoughts on that area.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes. As we mentioned on past calls, our first priority is growing the company organically. And I did talk on just prior to this, relative to all the technology investments that we have made over the last 10 years and they're coming to fruition now in terms of the wins. We just -- I talked about 3DELRR and I mentioned it's in protest. But I think that was a big win for Raytheon and we'll work through the protest. But also in the last year, we also won Next Generation Jammer, Air and Missile Defense Radar and also FAB-T. So this focus on the organic growth is working. The other areas -- we are looking in taking a disciplined approach for acquisitions in our core markets. And one of our core markets is cyber. And so we are looking at that area. And we'll continue to look at acquisitions to fill gaps in our core markets as we proceed forward.
David C. Wajsgras: So Joe, we have talked about our focus on growth. Tom has made that a top priority for the company. We are firstly focused on organic, but growth through acquisitions where it makes strategic and economic sense will also be part of the equation. So this really shouldn't come as any surprise. We have a very healthy balance sheet, strong cash balances, continue to see strong cash flows. So this is just one of our -- one of the elements of capital deployment that we've talked about, certainly, over the past year, 1.5 years.
Thomas A. Kennedy: And Joe, just back to your question on cyber. We mentioned that on an earlier call, that we had gotten a major award from an international customer. So we have gone into the international marketplace relative to cyber, government cyber work. We also received an announcement here internally kept, but for another international customer this quarter. And so we are off and running relative to strong cyber work in the government arena on the international side as well as the domestic.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just one more, which is on the IDS side. You took down your margin expectation a little bit for the year and you mentioned it was just based on what you've done year-to-date. I was wondering if you could give a little more color. Is that based on -- largely on timing of the Patriot awards that you expect here soon that are coming a little later in the year than maybe you originally thought? Or is there something else there?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So that's a fair question. IDS's fourth quarter margins are expected to be in the high 16% to low 17% range. So as I said a few minutes ago and Tom alluded to as well, it's a very strong quarter for IDS. For the full year, we've lowered the IDS margin range to between 15.7% and 15.8%. And as you just mentioned, it's primarily based on year-to-date performance. More specifically, within the fourth quarter, we see stronger margins than the year-to-date run rate, driven by some customer and program milestones related to risk retirement. Mix isn't a significant factor. I'll tell you this again, mix is not a significant factor in the fourth quarter, as we have some mature production programs nearing completion that are offset by the impact of the new starts. So again, we're seeing a strong fourth quarter, strong margins, good productivity. It's just slightly lower than what we had expected earlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just continuing on IDS. You talked about the fact that you're ramping down on some international missile defense-related contracts and you're going to be ramping up on others. And then in the meantime, you certainly have U.S. missile defense sales that often, I think, fill in gaps of there. But how should we expect the profile of these revenues to look? I mean, should we see a lull of new work starts? Or can this stay pretty constant through new programs?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes. I think IDS -- I mean, it actually had a very good quarter. And so we're definitely pleased with their performance and that they also had strong bookings sales and are looking forward into the fourth quarter and 2 large international bookings that will be coming in on the fourth quarter. So we -- bottom line is IDS is very strong. And we see the revenue maintaining through the fourth quarter and then into the next year. So I think bottom line is, we believe IDS is solid moving forward.
David C. Wajsgras: So let me just add a little bit to what Tom just mentioned. So third quarter sales were down from the prior year and slightly down, which is what Tom was alluding to, from our expectations. We had assumed that Qatar Patriot award at the end of the third quarter and it's moved into now the fourth quarter. We do see a quick ramp on the Qatar program in Q4 as well as the other international Patriot award that Tom again mentioned just a few minutes ago, which combined, drive the fourth quarter sales growth. We've been working with our supply chain to prepare for these awards. And you'll note that we did build some inventory over the last couple of quarters. We've built ahead and we've done this before, and we'll recognize the revenue upon award during the fourth quarter before year-end. So I hope that helps.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: No, that does help. And then related to this, when you look at some of the positive trends out there -- but this is probably terrible to refer to as positive. But you talked about the global threat environment and how this is something that Raytheon can -- is going to increase demand for Raytheon products potentially. Could you give a little more clarity on that? In other words, when you look at some of the situations in the world right now, such as in the Middle East, are these things that lead you to believe there may be more demand in the near term for -- within some of your business units?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me start in Eastern Europe. And I mentioned on my discussions upfront that we're in a major competition in Poland for an integrated air and missile defense system, and that's had a heightened sense of urgency in Poland relative to the activities going on in Eastern Europe, especially relative to Ukraine. So we do see that kind of coming, moving a little bit to the left into 2015. As we move over to the Middle East, I mean, it's -- you see this in the paper every day, ISIS is right now the big overarching threat and it's more of a tactical-type threat and more effects based. And it was released in the newspaper about a quantity of Tomahawks that were used in the initial days of our efforts there. So in the area of effects, we would see a need in the future to replenish the effects that were used. The -- as we also look at the Middle East, we do see a strong sense in having -- and this is based on my visits to a majority of the countries in the region here in the last 3 months. I think it kind of sums up in the following words, and I heard it in all these different countries from senior leaders of the countries, and that is a strong defense is a strong deterrence. And they were using that in light of integrated air and missile defense. And so you'll see that we completed a major effort in the UAE on Patriot upgrades. We are now into working with Lockheed on the THAAD system and other TPY-2 radars in that country. We move over to Saudi, we're working several projects in Saudi Arabia relative to improving their defense posture. You heard about the Qatar deal, which the first part of it is the Patriot. The second part of it is an early warning radar. And then there's also an air defense operating center that's in there. And then eventually, they'll buy THAAD, which has TPY-2 radars in it. So again, a strong position in Qatar moving forward. And bottom line is the -- we are well positioned in that region for growth relative to our core products. So I don't know if that helps, but it's -- our business is driven by the threat. There is a threat. And that's increasing -- it's increasing demand for our proven technologies and also new technologies, as we see in the awards that I mentioned earlier on the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I thought we'd kick it off on the cash front. It looks like you're having $1 billion of cash over the next couple of years. What do you intend to spend it on?
David C. Wajsgras: You picked right up on that, Rob, didn't you? Yes. So look, the company doesn't anticipate any wholesale changes to the way we've talked about capital deployment. We've had, I think, a policy that has served the shareholders well with respect to a balance around capital deployment, with respect to dividends and share repurchases. We've funded the pension plan, from our perspective, appropriately. We've invested in our sales. Tom mentioned a couple of technology investments we've made. We're going to continue to do that as we move forward. There is a cost obviously associated with consolidating footprint or improving utilization. So we'll continue to invest in ourselves from that perspective as well. I mentioned to one of your colleagues earlier, relative to acquisitions and smartly investing in acquisitions that make strategic sense and importantly, financial sense, both in the near and longer term. So the short version is we understand our cash position quite well, and we continue to look for ways to best drive both near-term and long-term shareholder value.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up. Your book-to-bill has been over 1x over the last 12 months and year-to-date. When do you expect this book-to-bill to actually translate into revenues?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So we've talked about this in the past. We have, even as far back as last year, we had seen the back half of '16 and as we go into 2017, as the reversal of the trend that the sales line has been on over the last 3 or 4 years, we still anticipate that being the case. The bookings are coming in quite strong, both domestically and internationally. So over time, we see growth returning to Raytheon. And again, this is almost exactly what we had said about a year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First, a question for you, Tom, and one for Dave. Can you just talk a little bit about the structural outlook for the margin...
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, could you repeat that?
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. Sorry about that. So first about outlook for margins and the fact that you are guiding to 35% to 40% of your bookings this year coming from the international marketplace. What does that portend for margins structurally as we move out over the next 3 to 5 years, let's say? Are we looking at a margin rate that should be -- the bias should be a little bit higher than where we are today?
Thomas A. Kennedy: I would say, right now, you hit it right. On international -- part of our international work in terms of percent of sales has been increasing. And right now, we're -- about 30% of our revenue comes from international. We also have a backlog to date of 37% international, which we believe will end the year greater than 40% of our backlog will be international. Traditionally, our international has been a higher margin business. Right now, we are looking conservatively to the future, even taking that in consideration. And we are looking at our margin performance continuing as it has been in the past. Margins are very important to us. We drive them in the business. We really look at trying to take to take as much cost out of the business. And we really work on the type of contracts that we go after and pursue to make sure that they will be profitable programs. And that's, I would say, a #1 priority for the Raytheon Company, and we will continue to support that position.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then -- that's helpful. Dave, for you, just going back to the prior question about cash flows and spending. Can you also just loop in your updated thoughts here on the balance sheet as well? I mean, obviously, you have a very strong balance sheet. How do you -- where do you sit relative to the optimal capital structure, your view on your debt rating with the agencies? And how should investors think about the cash flows that you're generating and the potential use of cash -- excuse me, the balance sheet to support all of these potential activities that you've got out there?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So a strong balance sheet is one of the issues that I don't see a problem dealing with, okay? We're pretty pleased that it's not the other end of the spectrum. So understanding that, we -- the rating -- the target rating for us would not go any lower than a BBB+ as we sit here today and look out. I know the rating is slightly above that, given the strength of the balance sheet and net debt position, the outlook for cash flows. Going forward, again, I'm not going to repeat everything I just mentioned a moment ago on capital deployment. From a leverage position, we think we're in a relatively good position today. Could we afford some more leverage on the balance sheet and maintain the rating? Yes, we could. So I think the way that investors should view Raytheon is we're in a strong position financially. We're not going to sacrifice the strong position financially. It gives us the ability to pull multiple levers to drive value from an investor's perspective without putting too much risk on the company, risk from a financial perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Godyn with Morgan Stanley.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Dave, to one of the prior questions, you made the comment that deals need to have an impact in the near and the long term. I was hoping that you could just sort of take the opportunity to remind us what you've either said in the past or maybe offer some new commentary on the broader framework for M&A. It doesn't seem like M&A will be going away necessarily anytime soon. When you typically think about a deal, how quickly do you hope that they're accretive? How do you think about return hurdles versus maybe the internal hurdles in the company? How do you think about synergies, risks, deal size? Any -- the broader philosophy here, I think, would be helpful.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So -- and I'll do this in a summary way. Any deal that we end up executing will have a return profile well in excess of the company's weighted average cost of capital, part one; part two, as we look to fill gaps from a product technology or channel standpoint, and that's what makes these acquisitions attractive; number three, is with respect to accretion, we would target for these deals to be accretive after about 2 years, but certainly not much after 3 years. The deals we've done to date have by and large turned out to be quite successful and have returned incremental value. I'm not going to get into the specifics, but we recently looked at this. Incremental value that is meaningful from a shareholder's standpoint. So I don't know, Tom, if you want to add anything from that perspective?
Thomas A. Kennedy: No. I would just like to address the gaps. As part of our strategic process we go through is we do identify the gaps and in being able to achieve the growth that we expect from our strategy. And as part of that gap, we look at either internal investments or look at acquisitions to fill those gaps in the most cost-effective manner and also relative to speed and agility. And so that's really how we look at it. And that's obviously addressing the synergies that we get by buying these companies.
David C. Wajsgras: And just one last point. With respect to size of acquisitions, I know you're aware of this. I think most people are. We have not been very active in the M&A market for the last couple of years, by design, for a number of reasons. With respect to the size of the acquisitions, it's probably not in investors' best interest or the company's best interest to handcuff ourselves to a certain amount. Certainly, I don't see a problem with doing deals larger than we've done in the past. But again, I think the most important thing is, when we look at acquisitions, we want to make sure that we can maintain the type of capital deployment plan, execute the type of capital deployment that we have in the past, and we don't want to sacrifice one for the other. So that's probably the best way to think about how we're thinking about size of acquisitions.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great, that's very helpful. And if I could ask one quickly on Patriot. Assuming the Cutter deal goes through, you'll have quite a lot of Patriot business hitting at the same time. And I'm curious if you can just speak to -- I know it's hard to put a number on it. I'm not necessarily looking for that. But what does that mean for margins? I mean, I imagine a scenario where you're layering shift on top of shift. I mean, it seems like it could be pretty impactful. Anything you can offer there would be helpful.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, the more you load up the factory, the better the financial performance of the programs are. And so bottom line is we'll have the Qatar program going through and another major program going through at the same time. So we do expect improved efficiencies on the production side, which then translate into good margin performance in the out years. Now we do traditionally at the beginning of the program, we start off at lower margins on a per basis on each of the programs as we build confidence and reduce risk moving through, for example, risk on our supply chain or other elements, whether we do increase the margins through the lifetime of the program. That's just the traditional way that we do it from -- to control risk. I don't know. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, you had talked about investments you're making to lower cost and -- as one of the things with Better Buying. And I guess, I'm trying to just think about, is this something that in a way is driving down revenues because of cost-plus work? And is there any way you can quantify what the impact of that might be?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, let me start -- I'm sure Tom has something to add. We started talking about this a few years ago, and we spoke to it pretty directly early in the year on the January or first quarter call. I don't remember which one. We've been investing in technology through a number of different vehicles for a while. Tom mentioned a few new programs that we have with DARPA. It's important to understand that when we invest in technology programs -- I'll use Tom's words, these are seed corn for the future. So by definition, these are not high-fee or high-margin programs. They're well below the average company margins. So that's one form of investment. There's direct investments through our IRAD, and that runs roughly speaking $300 million to $400 million a year. There's investment from a program perspective. Tom spoke on one of the calls about the Patriot System and how an earlier international program essentially was set so that we could invest in new Patriot capabilities and technologies. And that's what's being basically sold across the globe today. So there's varying ways to think about investments. Tom, I don't know if you wanted to add something to that?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes. And getting the cost out is obviously driven to improve our financial performance. But also our customer has a need. And I'm sure you've heard about the Better Buying Power, that OSD's initiatives that they're running. We are working with our customers to drive additional cost out of our products. And part of that is, as you said, reducing our footprint. We're driving and optimizing our global shared services part of our business to get cost out. We also have fully implemented strategic sourcing across our entire business to essentially improve our cost perspective relative to our overall supply chain. And so it's -- we -- and it's been very successful as we move forward. Now working with our customer, we understand that there's -- they need more for less. And so it is important for us to make sure that we deliver products that meet their capability needs but at a cost that they can afford. And we've been doing that and you can see some of the wins we had. The FAB-T program is a prime example of their use of competition. And we believe that we're significantly in line with what our customer wants to do in terms of cost.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then Dave, in terms of the pension slide on Page 11. Is there -- where would we be if the year ended right now in terms of that grid?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. If the year ended today, the returns are roughly -- the actual returns are roughly about 3%. It's important, it has been -- the markets have been exceptionally volatile in the past, I don't know, 4, 6 weeks. There's been a selloff of about 8% -- 7% or 8% from a broader market perspective. Historically, the fourth quarter is the strongest quarter of the year. So it's very hard to handicap how this plays out. And -- but today, we would be at about 3%. If you're thinking about the discount rate, last year was pegged at 5.1. If you look at the past month, there's been a lot of movement in interest rate markets as well. I'm sure you're aware of that. We would be down, roughly speaking, 50 to 75 basis points, again, if you look at it from a month ago to roughly where we are today. The one thing I just -- I want to say this again, I probably said it 3 or 4 times. This is a point in time and I'm pretty confident when I tell you it's absolutely going to change by year-end, okay?
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one last quick one. It's just the Other, net of $234 million in the cash flow, what was that? What does that mean [ph]?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. There was a settlement that we had relative to a long-dated pension litigation with the U.S. government. It goes back to -- prior to 2000 that was settled. That was a big piece of what's in there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was wondering if we could start on a clarification first. Was there any cume catch in the segments from the CAS adjustment. Northrop called one out and Lockheed didn't. I just didn't know if there's one for you guys.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. No, I saw that, and we looked at it obviously. For us, I'll use my term, it was a bit of a rounding error. What we call the flow-through was under $10 million spread across 4 different segments. So it does impact all companies differently. It depends on overall percent of completion, your mix of fixed price versus cost-type business. There's a lot of elements that go into that. But for us, it was not meaningful.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. The real question was on sales target for the year. And given the sales kind of what you're shooting for in the quarter didn't come through, you did raise the low end of the guidance range. Even at that low end, I think it would be one of the more bountiful sequential growths you've had from a 3Q to 4Q. You talked about IDS, and that's dependent on securing contracts. And then missiles is the other big moving target. Is there something there you need to secure as well? And it just seems like you'd put a little bit more factoring behind a lot of this to maybe not have brought up that guidance range.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So good question. Let me just -- I talked about IDS earlier. So I won't go over that segment again. With respect to missiles, the most important metric from that business's perspective is the book-to-bill, which is 1.11 year-to-date. So we do see a fairly healthy ramp in Q4 on their year-to-date bookings, and that's why you're seeing very strong sales in Q4. So the combination -- and you nailed it, the combination of IDS and missile systems have a fairly meaningful impact from a company level perspective in the fourth quarter.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I mean, missiles was 1.6 in the second quarter. And obviously, it didn't lead to anything in the third quarter. So it's just it will come, you have it in hand and it's just delivering what you have.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. That's why I wanted to go to the book-to-bill. That's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: One of the things that you've been doing internationally has been partnering. Could you expand upon that a little bit? For example, in Poland, it looks like you have a low-cost missile. You want to integrate onto Patriot and then you've done some things with Kongsberg in Norway to expand the portfolio. How does that help you maybe in the intermediate term? And also does that mean you have a Patriot 3 -- PAC-3 solution in hand or close to it?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me start off with the partnering, and I'll give you a kind of a phrase. We partner for success. And it does help on the international marketplace to be able to partner with strong companies, for example, Kongsberg. You mentioned there is another activity in Poland, another competition that's not Patriot. It's for the -- more in line with our NASAM system. That's a system that protects the nation's capital. You're correct. We are partnering with Kongsberg in that pursuit in Poland. And we think we're in a very good position there. We also have partnered with Kongsberg in Oman on the NASAMS award that we got last year. So we do work with them. We also have a joint venture with TALOS Raytheon systems. Again, we partner with different companies to -- essentially for success and where it makes sense. Relative to a new low-cost interceptor for Patriot, that's just in our overall Patriot road map to continually -- to evolve that system into its next generation. Right now, we have something called Configuration-3 plus. That was a result of the major development activity funded by the United Arab Emirates that has taken Patriot to essentially state-of-the-art technology. And -- but we are going beyond that. We are working solutions for AESA radars for Patriot. We also are looking at reduced-cost interceptors and other C2 and C4I capabilities for the Patriot System. That continues -- we continue to do that, so that we're relevant in the marketplace, and that we continue to win business across the globe. I hope that helps, Howard, but that's how we do business.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Well, it expands the footprint and the partnering.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Exactly. Expands the footprint, and sometimes certain companies have a better footprint in certain countries. And by partnering, you can be more competitive in the marketplace.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then for Dave, just a follow-up on Sam's pension question. So if we kind of looked at where we are today versus where we were a year ago, the difference is on the order of $300 million. Is that a fair way to think about it?
David C. Wajsgras: Today versus what we have -- what we would have talked about in January -- are you talking about -- what year, Howard?
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I'm sorry. Well, 2015 FAS/CAS outlook versus what you had in January for...
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. If you put a stake in the ground, I actually think it's a little bit north of that. But again, I would urge you not to reach any conclusions based on the spot market today, especially with respect to the returns. The other thing I would ask you to look at is the cash flow over the next 3 years, which increases substantially as a result of the highway bill. But you're right. I mean, point to point, you're right. That's the arithmetic. That's the grid. But as you well know, between now and year-end, things will definitely change.
Todd B. Ernst: Okay. We're going to have to leave it there. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We'll look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call in January.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas A. Kennedy - Chief Executive Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Glenn. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of the call, and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Dave, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Earlier this morning, we reported solid second quarter results, with company sales, margins, EPS and cash flow higher than our expectations. Bookings were strong, driving a book-to-bill ratio of 1.19 in the quarter, with exceptionally strong bookings in the domestic business. Our bookings in the second quarter increased by approximately $1.4 billion over the second quarter 2013. Looking to the balance of the year, we have a significant pipeline of opportunities, including several large international programs. Over the past couple of months, I've traveled to meet a number of our international customers, including 2 trips to the Middle East, as well as to the Farnborough Airshow last week. Overall, at the Farnborough this year, the company hosted delegations from over 30 countries, totaling 700 meetings, with 1,200 customers and partners. Based on these meetings, I can say with confidence that our global customers continue to look to Raytheon to provide advanced solutions to meet their evolving requirements. And demand remains strong, especially in the areas of integrated air and missile defense, C4ISR, cyber, critical infrastructure protection, and training. As always, the timing of international awards can be difficult to predict, but demand is clearly there. In the second quarter, international sales comprised 29% of Raytheon's total sales. International bookings were 24% of total bookings and were up 21% year-over-year. These bookings were primarily driven by the international TOW and the Canadian North Warning System opportunities we mentioned on the last call, as well as other missile and training awards. We continue to make progress on several international air and missile defense opportunities, which we've discussed on prior calls. After the close of the quarter, Qatar signed a letter of agreement with the U.S. government for the Patriot system, and we expect a booking later this year. Qatar was -- will become the 13th nation to have chosen the Patriot integrated air and missile defense system to defend their country. In addition, we expect Qatar to move forward on an air defense operating center for approximately $300 million, which we anticipate will result in a booking at the end of the year. During the quarter, we made progress on another international Patriot opportunity. This approximately $2 billion opportunity continues to move forward and is now at the final stages of the approval process. We expect the booking in the second half of the year. We have recently received good news about 2 other large potential international opportunities. In late June, Poland announced that Raytheon had been down selected for the next competitive phase of its medium-range missile defense system. We are now the sole U.S. competitor for the contract and believe we have a strong offering, with world-class technology that provide significant value to Poland. Patriot is fielded and is being continuously upgraded with leading-edge technologies, which is a key competitive discriminator in this competition. A final decision on the Poland award is expected in 2015. And just after the close of the quarter, we booked $160 million for upgraded Patriot missiles for South Korea. This is the first step of a 2-step process. The next step is a systems upgrade to Configuration-3 plus for South Korea's firing units for several hundred million dollars, which also is planned for next year. Overall, our international business remains strong. We are expanding into new markets, and broadening our presence in existing markets. As we do this, we are continuously enhancing how we do business internationally so we can create and capitalize on even more opportunities. One of my top priorities is to foster this focus on global growth. To achieve this, we are taking a different approach in certain countries. We are increasing our direct engagement, utilizing more local resources and expanding our global supply chain. We believe this commitment will provide us with the ability to create more international opportunities and increase our competitive advantage. Looking now at the domestic environment, we saw strong bookings in the quarter, which increased nearly 30% year-over-year and resulted in a domestic book-to-bill of 1.27. This bookings achievement was driven by various sensor, training, missile and classified bookings. I've had the opportunity to meet with numerous representatives from Congress and the Department of Defense over the past several months, and the feedback regarding the important capabilities that Raytheon products bring to the Warfighter continues to be positive. In the defense bills making their way to through Congress, Raytheon programs are faring well despite continued budget pressure. Congress is proposing increases for several programs, including Tomahawk, SM-3 and EKV, and most other Raytheon programs are funded at or near the President's request. Another issue of significant interest to Congress is homeland defense. In June, we achieved a successful test to the Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle, which incorporates the latest hardware and software upgrades. This successful test keeps the United States on track to significantly increase its ground-based interceptor inventory. And also in June, Raytheon won a nearly $300 million production competition for the FAB-T program. This program allows a short communication between military aircraft, ground sites and the new higher data rate Advanced EHF satellites. Our secure communications position with the U.S. Air Force is enhanced by this win. It also builds on our leading position in the protective SATCOM market, where we provide a Navy Multiband Terminal for the U.S. Navy and SMART-T for the Army. The bulk of this award will be booked next year. The FAB-T win underscores the value of our continued investment in advanced technology to strengthen our competitive advantage across multiple products. During the quarter, we also marked several milestones related to corporate responsibility, which reflects our values and strong company culture. We released our new Corporate Responsibility Report, highlighting our efforts, investments and accomplishments in the many areas that define corporate responsibility at Raytheon. We were recognized by the EPA with our seventh consecutive ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Award for continued leadership and protecting our environment through superior energy efficiency. We were, again, ranked on Corporate Responsibility Magazine's 100 Best Corporate Citizens list, illustrating our strong commitment to corporate citizenship. In summary, we had a solid overall performance in the quarter. Bookings were strong, and we have a number of large opportunities included in the Qatar Patriot in the remainder of the year. I'd like to thank the Raytheon team for their continued dedication and focus on delivering value for our customers and shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I have a few opening remarks starting with the second quarter highlights, and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that were issued earlier this morning. So if everyone would please turn to Page 3. We're pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the second quarter, with sales, EPS, margins and operating cash flow all better than our expectations. We had strong bookings in the second quarter at $6.8 billion and sales of $5.7 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.19. Operating margin was solid at 13.3% and on an adjusted basis was 11.8%. And our EPS from continuing operations was $1.59. On an adjusted basis, EPS was $1.41. Operating cash flow of $153 million was better than our prior guidance, driven by the timing of collections that were previously expected in the third quarter. During the quarter, the company repurchased 2.6 million shares of common stock for $250 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 4.6 million shares for $450 million. We ended the second quarter with $560 million of net debt. I'd like to point out that on May 12, Standard & Poor's Ratings Service upgraded our long-term senior unsecured credit rating from A- to A, reflecting our strong financial position. If you turn to Page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $6.8 billion, an increase of about $1.4 billion compared to the second quarter 2013, and on a year-to-date basis were $11.1 billion, an increase of approximately $2.1 billion over the same period last year. It's worth noting that on a trailing 4-quarter basis, our book-to-bill ratio was 1.06x. For the quarter, international was 24% of our total company bookings and on a year-to-date basis was 30%. For the year, we continue to expect international to be in the range of 35% to 40% of total bookings. And as we mentioned on the April call, our full year 2014 bookings are expected to be $23.5 billion plus or minus $500 million for a book-to-bill ratio of between 1 and 1.05x. And as Tom just mentioned, we have several significant international opportunities that we expect to book in the back half of this year. Now notable awards in the second quarter included $764 million of Missile Systems for TOW missiles for the U.S. Army, U.S. Marines and international customers. Missile Systems also booked $289 million for Standard Missile-6, $259 million for AIM-9X Sidewinders, $179 million for AMRAAM, $130 million for Phalanx Weapon System, $81 million on MALD, $79 million on Rolling Airframe Missiles, and $75 million for SM-3. Additionally, MS booked $140 million on a classified program. IIS booked $515 million on domestic training programs and $160 million on foreign training programs in support of Warfighter FOCUS activities. IIS also booked $521 million for a U.S. Air Force program and approximately $160 million to provide operations and maintenance services on an international radar system. And Space and Airborne Systems booked $129 million to provide radar subsystems for the U.S. Navy. In addition, IIS and SAS booked $379 million and $431 million, respectively, on a number of classified programs. Backlog at the end of the second quarter was $33 billion, and funded backlog was $23.6 billion, up $1.4 billion compared to the same period last year. It's worth noting that approximately 38% of our backlog is comprised of international programs. If you now move to Page 5, for the second quarter 2014, sales exceeded the high end of the guidance we set in April, primarily due to timing at both IIS and SAS. For the second quarter, our international sales were approximately 29% of total sales, and all of our businesses were at or above our expectations. IDS had second quarter 2014 net sales of $1.5 billion. The change from Q2 2013 was primarily due to the completion of production phases on a couple of international Patriot programs and lower sales on a combat tactical radar program. There was also an unfavorable $38 million impact from the Australian Air Warfare Destroyer program, which I'll address in a little more detail in just a moment. In the second quarter 2014, IIS had net sales of $1.5 billion. Compared with the same quarter last year, the change was primarily due to lower volume on our training and mission support programs, partially offset by higher volume on domestic and international classified programs. Missile Systems had second quarter 2014 net sales of $1.5 billion. We saw lower sales for U.S. Army programs in this year's second quarter compared with Q2 2013. And SAS had net sales of $1.5 billion. Lower volume on intersegment sales related to a combat tactical radar program for IDS and classified programs drove the change versus last year. It's worth pointing out that excluding the reduced intersegment sales of approximately $50 million, SAS would have been down about 4%. Moving on to Page 6, our overall company margins were solid. Our reported operating margin was 13.3% and on an adjusted basis was 11.8%. On a year-to-date basis, our operating margin was 13.8% and on an adjusted basis was 12.2%. As a reminder, our second quarter 2014 adjusted margin excludes the favorable FAS/CAS adjustment, which was worth about 150 basis points, or $0.18 per share. So looking at the business margins, at IIS, missiles and SAS, margins were relatively consistent with the same period last year. And at IDS, the change was primarily driven by a decrease in estimated incentive fees on the Australian Air Warfare Destroyer program. This program is structured as an alliance made up of Raytheon, an Australian government-owned naval shipbuilder, and the Commonwealth of Australia. It's a cost-type contract and our fee has a guaranteed amount, but also a variable portion that's contingent upon the aggregate cost performance of the alliance. Now although Raytheon's performance continues on plan from both a cost and schedule standpoint, the shipbuilder is now estimating an increase in their cost to complete the program, which drove the decrease in the estimated incentive fees. Excluding this impact, IDS' margins would have been 16.2% on the quarter. So overall, the company continues to perform well. Turning now to Page 7. Second quarter 2014 EPS was $1.59 and on an adjusted basis was $1.41. EPS for the second quarter 2014 was better than expected, primarily driven by the timing of sales and program performance improvements that were previously expected in the third quarter. On Page 8, we are reaffirming the company's financial outlook for 2014 that we provided in April for net sales, EPS and operating cash flow. We continue to expect our full year 2014 net sales to be in the range of between $22.5 billion and $23 billion. Our full year 2014 EPS is expected to be in the range of between $6.74 and $6.89, and on an adjusted basis, within a range of between $5.76 and $5.91. We have not included in our 2014 guidance either the potential extension of the R&D tax credit or the potential enactment of pension stabilization as part of the extension of the Highway Trust Fund. These would be essentially offsetting if both were enacted. We repurchased 2.6 million shares of common stock for $250 million in the quarter and continue to see our diluted share count in the range of between 312 million and 314 million shares for 2014, which would be a 3% reduction at the midpoint. As I mentioned earlier, operating cash flow in the quarter was strong due to the timing of collections previously expected in the third quarter. We continue to see our 2014 guidance for operating cash flow to be between $2.3 billion and $2.5 billion. And as you can see on Page 9, we've adjusted the margin guidance for 3 of our businesses. We've lowered IDS' margins to reflect the adjustment for the Air Warfare Destroyer program and the timing of international awards, which is offset by improvements at missiles and IIS. For the company, we continue to see adjusted operating margin to be in the range of between 12.6% and 12.8% for the full year. On Page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations for the balance of 2014. For the third quarter, we now expect sales to be in the range of $5.5 billion to $5.6 billion. Further, we expect margins in the third quarter to be in line with year-to-date performance, in the low 12% range on an adjusted basis. This drives our third quarter EPS guidance of $1.53 to $1.60. We continue to see a ramp in sales in the fourth quarter, which is being driven by awards we were expecting both this quarter and next, including Qatar Patriot and another significant international Patriot award. This increased volume, combined with favorable program mix, drive EPS to a range of $1.75 to $1.83 in the fourth quarter of this year. Now before we open it up for Q&A, let me summarize. We had solid second quarter performance. Our book-to-bill was 1.19 in the quarter and on a trailing 4-quarter basis was 1.06. As we look to the balance of the year, the pipeline of international and domestic opportunities is strong. Our balance sheet position gives us continued flexibility to drive shareholder value in the future, and we remain confident in our outlook for the year. So with that, Tom and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask about margins. Dave, you just talked about this, and you alluded to the orders in the quarter that are going to drive sales, the international orders in the second half. I wanted to ask about pricing on these orders and pricing in general, because we have seen segment margins come down here now. I think it's 3 quarters in a row sequentially. And I'm wondering -- you talked about a couple of the puts and takes at IDS. But I'm wondering if just in general, are we seeing lower pricing come into the backlog?
David C. Wajsgras: So it's a fair question, but we have not seen any pressure on fees or margins from a backlog perspective. We still have a healthy book of business with respect to our international profile. We're continuing to perform well for our domestic and international customers. I think it's probably fair to point out that the second half margin profile is higher than the first half margin profile on -- at the company level. And we do see improvement in the overall margin guidance for both IIS and missiles. And SAS continues to perform quite well, frankly, as does IDS. If you were to exclude the AWD situation that I just explained, margins in Q2 for IDS would've been about 16.2%.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So if pricing's locked in for the second half, should we see -- is there any execution risk that might be higher than normal? I just want to get a sense that we don't see a repeat, really, of the first half.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Rob, let me just jump in here. Right now, we do not see any issues relative to execution moving forward. In fact, we've a full-court press on getting more efficiencies out of the business, where you have the second half of the year, significant work in taking out square footage. We're also working our strategic sourcing across the second half of the year as we've done in the first. So we actually see, actually, I would say a stronger foundation relative to margins in the second half with the activities we've put in place. So bottom line is we do not see that pressure that you're talking about.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just quickly, Tom, your latest view on M&A versus buybacks?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, first of all, and we talked about this before, it's -- first priority remains in growing the company organically. And then we, on the domestic side, we're focused on the hot spots, that includes missile defense, C4ISR, also heavy involvement in cyber. And then we're addressing the international markets, as we discussed in both my script and also in Dave's script. So we're seeing a very large pipeline of organic growth opportunities, both on the domestic side and on the international side. At the same time, we do always look continually for value-added investments outside the company. We continue to look at them in the cyber area and several other areas in our business domain. And as we go forward, we are looking at it in a disciplined approach way. And I can tell you that we, as part of that evaluation, we are looking at what adds value to the shareholders. And if it is a good fit, we will move forward. And as time goes on, we'll let you know as we progress.
David C. Wajsgras: So let me just add 1 or 2 things to what Tom just went over. I mentioned earlier, and I think everyone's well aware of our strong balance sheet position, especially with respect to cash and liquidity and the strong cash flow performance we've had historically and the strong cash flow performance that we see going forward. So we have, as one of our priorities, returning cash to shareholders, but it's one of multiple priorities. I think we're in such a strong position that one doesn't necessarily preclude the other. We don't see fundamental changes in our capital deployment plans going forward. We do see a continued focus on growing the company, as Tom just mentioned, but that will not preclude us from continuing to have, what I would term, a shareholder-friendly capital deployment plan.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dave, I wonder if you would just walk us through the various opportunities and risks to the guidance for the rest of the year. Where might we see upside if things go well, and where might we see some downside if things don't go well?
David C. Wajsgras: Right. So again, it's a good question. On balance, we're very comfortable with the range of guidance that we put out there that incorporates what we would consider all the known risks and opportunities. From an international perspective, these are factored bookings. So I would suggest that if these were to play out as we anticipate, at a full value, we would see some upside from a bookings perspective, which could translate into some other positives from a sales and earnings standpoint. The risk of -- we talked about the CR before. We've built that into our guidance in the fourth quarter. We would expect a short-term CR toward the end of this year. But even if it were to continue into the first part of next year, I wouldn't see that having a major impact on our results. Those are the ones that are sort of top of mind.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, I'll jump in on one, and this is -- there are some potential opportunities in the first quarter of 2015 that could pull into the year. As always, we're always working to pull those opportunities in as soon as possible so we can convert. And I would say that the team is doing a good job on those. And so we look at those as upside potential that we're trying to harvest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen & Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Dave, how much fee is still at risk on AWD, I mean, if it goes to 0?
David C. Wajsgras: No, Cai, I'm glad you asked that. So let me just talk about AWD very briefly, okay? So we're a top-tier contractor in Australia to the Australian government. The alliance-based contracting approach for this program was the Commonwealth's preferred method of contracting for the 3-ship AWD program, the Air Warfare Destroyer program. This award provided Raytheon with an opportunity to expand our naval combat system expertise and capabilities to a new customer. So strategically, it's positioned us well for future mission systems work on both surface and subsurface platforms with literarily multi-billions of dollars of opportunity over time. Now first, the customer recognizes Raytheon's good performance on our portion of the work. The Australian government's committed to working collaboratively and constructively with Raytheon and other stakeholders to implement a reform strategy to stop the program's growing cost and schedule overruns, again, from the shipbuilder. And while it's difficult to predict the exact timing of when this ultimately plays out, we don't expect the process to conclude until sometime in 2015. Now with all of that said, inception to date, we've recorded incentive fee of about $80 million. We wrote off about $38 million in the second quarter. So the exposure, the upside, the -- kind of the worst-case exposure at this stage would be about $40 million.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Cai, let me jump in on that to kind of explain that contract versus one of our DoD contracts. It's essentially, it's a cost-plus-fixed-fee contract with an incentive fee on top. So as Dave was saying, our maximum exposure is just the incentive fee. I don't know if that helps or not, but that's...
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, no, no, no. That's very clear. That was terrific. Your bookings plan is unchanged and you said 35% to 40% international, and you're clearly under-running that. So even to get to the lower end, it looks like you need like $5.2 billion close to what, $5.8 billion, something like that, in international bookings in the second half. How do you expect that to kind of phase between Q3 and Q4? Because you got a lot of Mid-East customers. And usually, with Ramadan, they don't get around to doing things toward the end of the year.
David C. Wajsgras: So, Cai, the quarterly cadence, as you know, is very difficult to predict. We are very confident with our back-half outlook relative to international bookings. We can't get specific as to exactly where we are in the various stages of completion. Qatar, for example, that was -- recently, the LOA was executed, could be the end of Q3, maybe early Q4. I don't want to get into much more detail on the other large Patriot program that we've been talking about, because it's the customer's request that we don't get into much detail at this point. There's other opportunities as well out of our missiles business and out of our SAS business. But in total, we're looking at about 40% to 50% of our bookings in the second half from international. And I'll repeat it again, we're quite comfortable in our outlook.
Thomas A. Kennedy: And so, Cai, let me just jump in there. Let me add on the Qatar. When you add in the Patriot and the A dock, that covers over half, half of that value you discussed. And there's several other opportunities that will fill in the rest. They're factored. So we feel very confident that we'll be able to achieve that number of about $5.5 billion of the international in the second half.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Terrific. And the last one, your pattern of the Q3 and Q4 is really something of a hockey stick. As you pointed out, low 12s margins and then a strong ramp in the fourth quarter. Could you give us some color on like what -- why is it that low? Why does it move up in the fourth quarter, just in a general sense? Is it sort of overhead pressure from bidding this stuff, not getting the contracts? What are the key issues?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, so, Cai, a lot of it has to do with the cadence of the bookings. We had a very strong quarter in missiles, like we said before. We have strong bookings in the back half of the year, particularly international. There's really nothing too remarkable relative to the margin cadence. It's, frankly, not very different than what we were anticipating when we gave guidance on the January call. The performance improvements that were pulled from Q3 into Q2 probably -- are probably worth noting. But again, there's nothing too remarkable with respect to the cadence. The fourth quarter is going to be strong, similar to what we've seen in prior years, and that's just the nature of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dave, could you give the positives and negatives EAC adjustments gross?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, sure. You mean for the second quarter?
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, please.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. The -- well, the net change was $88 million favorable, and that was about 1.5%. But if you exclude the AWD situation, it was about 2.2% overall. So -- and again, we provide some of the details much... I'm sorry?
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, just in -- I'm sorry, just in dollars, the positives as you give them in every 10-Q.
David C. Wajsgras: The gross favorable was in line with -- actually, it was a little bit better with respect to comparing to the first quarter. It was about $20 million better, just under $270 million.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I'm just -- what I'm trying to get at is you've called out the Australian radar last quarter. You called out a little bit this Patriot item, the refurb, I guess. I'm just trying to get a sense as to whether these truly are, particularly this quarter, one-offs that stand out. Or every quarter, you guys have positives and negatives, just like every other defense company. And how much of this is really unusual versus you're calling it out because it's the biggest negative you have?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, I would say the -- clearly, the AWD Destroyer situation is unique. There's no other contract like that within the company. But again, it's worth reiterating. It's a tremendous growth opportunity and something that plays to our strengths. So I would say that is unique, a unique situation. We talked a little bit on the first quarter call about an international Patriot program. It was a refurbishment program. I think we are continuing to see meaningful improvement in that program. And we believe, going to the back half of the year, that the major issues are behind us.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and then just over on the Patriot program, could you describe a little bit what you're doing from an industrial standpoint? My sense is that you've had some international programs that are kind of completing and running off, and you were expecting to get some of these 2 big orders that you're just obtaining in the second half earlier. So is there a line break? Are there people that are -- are there layoffs there or people being moved to other areas temporarily? What are you doing? And how much work are you doing in anticipation of these 2 contracts that you're inventorying right now?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me take that, Joe. Number one, as you can remember, in the first half -- early first half of the year, we did book a Kuwait deal. So the Kuwait deal is our bridge into the Qatar and then this other opportunity, international opportunity that we talked about. So I think we -- right now, we have the factory level loaded. We continue to perform well. And it is a strong, I would say, producer and supporter of our margins moving forward on the Patriot line, especially on the production aspects of Patriot.
Operator: . Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Your Missile Systems backlog was very strong. And if you look over the last 3 years, we've seen very strong missile demand for Raytheon, for Lockheed, for MBDA. What do you see driving this high level of demand, and where do you see it heading from here?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, Doug, I mentioned that I just got back after 2 trips to the Middle East and spending some time at the Farnborough Airshow talking to quite a few of not only our international customers, but also our domestic customers. One of the themes that we -- I heard consistently from leaders of countries across the Middle East, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region was the following, and it's because of all the uncertainty that is out there. They used the same words, slightly differently, but it was the same across. And that was a strong defense is a strong deterrence. So what we're seeing is across all these nations is that they're looking to build up their defenses. They're looking at the weapons they need. And they're making sure they have the right stockpiles to support this deterrence capability so that they can defend their nations. And it's -- so the uncertainty in the world is driving that demand cycle.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: But -- do you see this focused perhaps more on missile demand than maybe in other areas? Because it really does stand out, I think, in terms of growth.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, missile demand, and it's also the overall Patriot systems and the air defense systems. If you remember last year, we booked a system, our NASAM system, in Oman. That, again, is a defensive-type system and, by the way, also happens to use AMRAAMs. But that's the end game here, is that these countries are strengthening their defenses to provide a deterrence against the situations they're seeing in the regions they're located. And that's where the uptick's coming from.
David C. Wajsgras: And I think what you're seeing is a strong pull demand for both the tactical missiles as well as our strategic programs. And when those come together, it bodes quite well for our Tucson operation, which, as you well know, we are the largest missile maker in the world and there is a lot of demand, both domestically and internationally, for the full spectrum of products that we're offering out there.
Thomas A. Kennedy: And we're seeing strong demand for air-to-air. We're seeing strong demand for air-to-surface. And strong demand for surface-to-surface and surface-to-air across the board. But when you roll it all up, it's all about these nations wanting to provide strong defense for their country. And the reason they want that strong defense is they want to make anyone out there think twice before they do anything. And that's driving the demand, and it's just based on personal contact with the heads of the militaries of these countries.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then before, you talked a little bit about the importance of organic investment. And if I have this right, I mean, your intent is to increase that investment, as many of your peers are, in, presumably, both R&D and CapEx. But can you talk a little bit about the scale of organic investment you're looking at and the time frame over which you determine the business case when you make these investment decisions?
David C. Wajsgras: So let me just start out briefly and then we'll add some -- Tom will add some color. But I do want to remind everyone that back in January when we gave our initial guidance, we talked about strategic investments that we were going to embark on for the company both in 2014 and beyond. I think we talked at that point about 20 basis points' worth of investment to strategically and organically grow the company. We're continuing down that path and have been. We see that as a critical tool to grow the company organically. And again, it's part of our overall thinking on the best way to deploy our capital.
Thomas A. Kennedy: So I'll jump in on that. A key element to our win on FAB-T and, last year, on Next Generation Jammer and AMDR, was our investments in technology to bring the best possible capabilities to our customers. So we continue to invest to achieve a competitive advantage in the marketplace, both on the domestic side and also on the international marketplace.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And is there any time frame that you tend to focus on when you make these decisions in terms of when the returns would likely come?
Thomas A. Kennedy: We break it up into almost 3 areas. I mean, there is -- we look as far out as 10 years out in terms of where we think technology is moving. We want to make sure that we're in the right spot at that time. And I'll -- then my example to that is the GaN technology we have talked about in the past. It was about a 10-year investment process in that to set us up to win some major programs like AMDR and also Next Generation Jammer. We also look out about the 5-year period in terms of what's changed and making sure that we're focused in that area in terms of what investments we need to make to be prepared to win business in that area, or keep our products relevant. For example, on Patriot, we continue to invest in Patriot to make it relevant in the latest technologies so that we're competitive in the global marketplace. And then we also look in the near term, the 1 to 2 years, to see what tweaks we need to make in terms of our technology investments to ensure that we're competitive on, I guess, the relevant competitions that are going on in that time period. Hopefully, that helps. But it's not just tomorrow. It really is kind of broken down into these 3 major time chunks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Godyn with Morgan Stanley.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Guys, Raytheon has done a great job positioning itself for a lot of these international opportunities, and we can see that in international sales as a percentage of revenue and what you said about bookings. I'm just curious, what inning do you think we're in, in terms of this pretty significant international growth cycle?
Thomas A. Kennedy: I really appreciate the question. So let me tell you why. We reset the game. So we're back -- we've reset it back to the first inning, and let me explain that. We've recently made some major changes in our international structure and focusing on a set of countries and looking at countries in a different way, international countries. And the way we're looking at them is each country as a market and understanding what elements of that country need solutions that Raytheon can provide and can provide in a better way than our competitors. And that's starting to pay off and it's filling the pipeline for the future. And I would say we have a lot of upside potential in the international marketplace because of this focus and this strategy we have. We've been, for example, in the Middle East for 48 years, I may have talked about this on a phone call before, but we give out something called a service award pin. And a couple of years back, I was in Saudi and gave out the 2 40-year service pins to 2 Saudi nationals. So we're heavily engaged in the Middle East. We've been in Japan, for example, for over 50 years. And we have a very strong brand internationally. And I think that all together our time in these places, the fact that we have operated successfully on programs -- in many cases, you can check our records on some of these international programs we have. We've taken over from our competitors who have not been able to complete the programs. So we have the solid reputation and brand. We are leveraging that into essentially set the clock back to the first inning and putting more folks on the ground. We're also doing much more work in localization. And we've significantly increased our global supply chain here over the last several years. The bottom line is we're essentially repositioning the company to move beyond our 30% revenue for this year in terms of international. I don't know if that helps, but you -- we just can't let -- keep going inning -- inning to inning. You got to reset the game every now and then. And this is -- in the last 6 months, we've been off resetting the game.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's very helpful. And when we think about the company big picture, could we get to 40% international sales as a percentage of revenue? Are those types of targets realistic long term?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. I would say that they're absolutely realistic long term. I'd rather not give a specific time frame. But if you just simply look at where we will likely end up from a backlog perspective at the end of this year, we will be in the 40% range plus or minus, depending on how exactly things play out. But I would say longer term, you should be thinking about the company as a 40-plus percent international company and view us more from a global perspective than just a domestic exporter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I was wondering if you could help me with this. And I know somebody asked somewhat earlier. But if I look at the first quarter, which was higher, the second quarter was comfortably ahead of the 21.5% of the year's earnings that you projected. You're buying back at a higher rate year-to-date than you had been running. I guess, why aren't you in a position to be talking about a higher guidance? What's the risks in the second half that maybe I'm not seeing?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So we are tracking to the guidance that we provided back in January. There's strong program performance at both missiles and IIS, and that offsets the shift in the cadence at IDS for some of the international awards that we addressed earlier. These moved from sort of first half to second half, is the best way to think about it. And we also had, again, the AWD impact. We're continuing to see strength in the second half at SAS, particularly from a sales standpoint. Now I think I understand what you're getting at. We had a strong earnings quarter in the second quarter. We exceeded the high end of our adjusted EPS guidance by about $0.11. But the improvement is driven by volume and performance improvements that were largely expected in the third quarter. So again, we do feel good about the year. In particular, we see strong second half bookings. And sequentially, sequentially now, we see low single-digit sales growth from the first half to the second half. I think when you stand back and you go through the numbers flow that is associated with what I just described, I think you would reach the same conclusion. I'll point this out for probably the fourth or fifth time: We do see a strong second half of this year.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just looking on the P&L, why was G&A up in dollars as a percentage of sales in the second quarter? Is there something unusual, or is this the right level to be thinking about?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, there's a couple of things going on, and we had some public disclosure on this. There's a new stock compensation program. And the accounting was such that we recorded that in the second quarter, and that's in G&A. The CAS harmonization that we've been talking about for a while is also part of the G&A line. We are awaiting -- there's a timing, with respect to an insurance recovery for some property damage that we had that shifted into the fourth quarter and came out of the second quarter. So by and large, I would say, again, there's nothing too remarkable. But with the CAS harmonization and some of the other things that we've talked about, G&A will likely be higher than what it's been in the past. But I do want to point out that when you stand back and look at the overall cost structure of the company, that is continuing to improve. It's just where these expenses and expense reductions are taking place.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and last question for Tom is just, I don't know if you addressed Turkey in terms of the Patriot, but it's been quite a turnaround for that opportunity. And recently, I get there was a down select. How should we size that opportunity to think about where that goes from here?
Thomas A. Kennedy: On Turkey or Poland? Which one do you want?
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Turkey was what I was thinking, because you talked about Poland.
Thomas A. Kennedy: So on Turkey, I mean, there's -- they're in discussions with the Chinese. There was lot of press out there. They have not concluded the negotiations. They have asked us to extend the validity of our proposal, which we have done. As you may know, the U.S. government and NATO have significant concerns relative to a Chinese solution for Turkey and being able to tie that Chinese solution into the NATO system. So they've -- both the U.S. government and NATO, have raised this issue to the highest levels of Turkey's government, and that is being worked in the background. But we continue to stand ready with our Patriot offering. We believe we have a solid offering that includes coproduction and some co-development in Turkey to enable the Turkish government to essentially increase their integrated air and missile defense capabilities for their nation. So we stand ready for the next steps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Maybe one for Dave. I just wanted to kind of get a little more color on CapEx. Last year, you were about $330 million in CapEx spend, which was below guidance. This year, I think between PP&E and software, your guidance is about $450 million according to the last Q. I was just wondering, are you still tracking to that number? And then directionally, as you think about footprint reductions, should we think CapEx is headed up, down, flat as we go forward? Just some color on that area, please?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So we've talked about investing in ourselves, and we're continuing to do that. Tom spoke before about strategic and technology investments. Some of that is part of what you're seeing in our increasing capital this year. We are continuing to make good progress on utilization improvements. We're tracking to about a 2% reduction this year. We talked about a goal of a 10% utilization improvement over the next 3 to 5 years, and we have plans in place and are moving towards those objectives. So I would say from a -- if you stand back and look at what's going on from a capital spend perspective, I think we are driving value the right way through those type of investments.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So, Dave, is this kind of like new tooling to [indiscernible] system?
David C. Wajsgras: I'm sorry. This is like new -- say it again?
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: So these type of investments is an example of sort of new tooling for [ph] better utilization? I'm just trying to understand why -- what was really driving the need for the investment.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So we talked about the R&D-type investments, right? The technology and strategic investments. Some of these may be building prototypes and things like that going forward. With respect to real estate, when we're consolidating facilities, we have to build out new space with skips and additional sort of special things that we use at our business. So some of that is built into the capital. But again, I would say that these are all things that we're doing today to improve the business going forward.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I understand much better. And are you approaching peak, or is there still more to go?
David C. Wajsgras: I would -- I'll talk a little more about that probably on the third quarter call. At this stage, you probably want to think about it as flattish as we go into 2015. This isn't formal guidance, but kind of an early perspective is we're going to continue to do the type of things that we've embarked on in '14. So I would say to think about it as flattish, that's probably the best path forward here.
Operator: . Your last question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: International versus domestic sales growth that you've got baked in for the second half of the year, how does that break out?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So in the second half of this year, we're seeing domestic sales growth probably down maybe 1% to 5% or 6%. From an international perspective, we're seeing sales growth of maybe 2% to 5-plus percent on the back half of the year. And then if you take in combination, we're essentially in line with where we were in 2013.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then, Dave, I have to ask you on pension.
David C. Wajsgras: No pension questions today. It's a sensitive subject [ph].
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. I know you have your annual update in Q3. The last couple of years that's been a positive upper for you. Can you talk about that? And then everything else pension-related, CAS and mortality and all of that, what's kind of changed relative to 3 months ago?
David C. Wajsgras: So you're right, we'll talk about it in a little more detail in the third quarter. And it's very difficult to forecast how that's going to play out with respect to truing up actuarial assumptions. With respect to the new mortality tables that are going to be used in the future, I mentioned on the last call that we have already taken that into account in our earlier assumptions and started to do that next year. So we don't see a -- any kind of significant impact from a pension standpoint on that or from that. We mentioned a little earlier about the legislation with respect to pension interest rate stabilization. It was first enacted in 2012. And there's a bill that's, right now, in the Senate, not enacted yet, but it could be going forward. Now there's a lot of moving parts here with respect to stabilization. Initially, it affects funding, CAS expense and taxes, and then going forward also impacts that FAS expense. So we're evaluating our funding strategy under the legislation. And we also have to take into account the discount rate environment, demographics, return on assets. I did mention in my earlier remarks that if the House bill were enacted in its current form, it could impact us by about $0.10. But we see that being offset by the R&D tax credit, which is also worth about $0.10 assuming that's enacted. Again, we'll provide further guidance on the Q3 call and give a little more detail then.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And last one on the international side, the bookings strength that you're talking about in the second half of the year, you're anticipating in the second half of the year, what would that do from the perspective of bringing in advances in the back half of the year?
David C. Wajsgras: It would be a plus from an advance standpoint.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Any sort of quantification?
David C. Wajsgras: No. I'd not rather not get too specific on that at this point. I appreciate the question, but we can't get too specific. Again, these are factored, and the advances are also factored.
Todd B. Ernst: All right. Thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter conference call in October. Glenn?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas A. Kennedy - Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division George Shapiro David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Peter J. Arment - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Taheesha, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Taheesha. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Tom Kennedy, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Tom and Dave and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. During the first quarter of 2014, Raytheon delivered solid operating results. Our margins, cash flow and EPS were all ahead of expectations, and our bookings and sales were in line with our plan. I'm proud of the team as they continue to deliver strong program performance in a challenging environment. As our results show, we continue to build upon a strong foundation that creates value for customers and shareholders. Further, we are continuously positioning the company for future growth and value creation. Our goal is to ensure the ongoing strong alignment of Raytheon's broad portfolio of capabilities with the needs of our global customers. To do this, we continue to prioritize our investments with a focus on enhancing our competitive advantage and leveraging our capabilities to grow globally in new markets, as we've done recently in Oman and we are going to do in Qatar. Furthermore, we continue to strengthen our "one company" collaboration to improve our performance in execution and growth. And we're attacking costs by leveraging commercial best practices to drive value and affordability. As many of you already know, Raytheon's international reach is a key element of our solid foundation and an important differentiator for the company. It's an area that holds great potential for our future. In the first quarter, international bookings were 39% of total bookings, and international now comprises 39% of our total backlog. I'd like to point out 2 key international bookings that we received in the quarter. We booked $515 million for an award to provide Kuwait 2 Patriot fire units. This adds to Kuwait's existing inventory of 5 fire units and reflects continued demand for our combat-proven integrated air and missile defense systems in the global marketplace. We also booked $195 million for an international cyber program. This booking demonstrates the significant value of our cyber capabilities and solutions to a broader spectrum of markets and customers. It also demonstrates our ability to leverage our international market channels to expand our cyber business. We continue to make progress on new opportunities in Qatar, which initially includes Patriot systems and Command and Control capabilities. Qatar publicly announced their intentions to proceed with the Patriot procurement at the DIMDEX show and the LOA is awaiting final approval. Additionally, we continue to pursue a number of other international Patriot opportunities that include Poland, South Korea and others. Closer to home, we had a very key international win on the North Warning System for Canada. This program supports the operation and maintenance of 47 radar sites across the Arctic that supply tracking data to NORAD. We won the competition late in the first quarter and the booking will be reflected in the second quarter. This is a great example of the diversity of both our portfolio and the international markets that Raytheon serves. And after the close of the quarter, an international customer executed a contract with the U.S. government for TOW missiles. We expect this to result in a booking of just over $650 million in Q2. Domestically, we're encouraged by the President's fiscal year '15 budget request, and we welcome the budget stability afforded by the Bipartisan Budget Act. Alongside the budget released in March, the DoD also published the 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review. A consistent theme throughout all of these and other recent DoD strategic documents is key support for capabilities that play to Raytheon's strengths including missile defense, cyber, EW and ISR. Of note, one of the areas in the fiscal year '15 budget that received the strongest support was cyber, where the budget request increased 9%. In my more than 30 years with the company, and in all my roles, our top priority has always been continuous improvement. It's part of the culture of Raytheon at all levels and is a key driver behind our operating performance. We will continue to build on our success by pressing forward with our many efficiency initiatives, including optimizing our supply chain through strategic sourcing, reducing our fixed cost base through footprint consolidation and providing innovative and more efficient shared services and solutions to Raytheon's businesses and functions through our Global Business Services group. Our overall goal is to provide our customers with not just the most innovative solutions, but also to do so at a lower cost. As we look to the future, accelerating growth is a key priority for the company. To achieve this, we are focused on investing in the right technology through increased research and development investments which support our drive for competitive advantage. As we've highlighted on prior calls, our R&D investments have yielded significant takeaway wins and we are well-positioned for the next generation of sensors, effectors and cyber capabilities. Similarly, we continue to look for value-added investments outside the company. Over the past several years, we have made a number of acquisitions, primarily in the cyber area, which has significantly enhanced our position in this growth market. Looking ahead, one of the key objectives is to continue to unlock the value of our cyber capabilities to meet the growing global demand in both defense and commercial markets. We continue to see acquisitions as a key part of our long-term strategy. In addition to this growth focus, our capital deployment strategy includes returning value to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. Consistent with this approach, we repurchased $200 million of stock in the quarter, and we announced last month that we'll increase our dividend by 10%. We have now raised our annual dividend every year for the past 10 years. We have also invested in making our processes and systems world-class to support our strong execution-focused culture. And we've invested in our people, our most valuable asset. These execution excellence and people investments provide us with a competitive advantage. It's what makes us unique. It allows us to retain and attract our world-class talent and provide an environment where our people can achieve their maximum potential for our global customers. I feel privileged to lead this great company. I want to thank the team for a good start out of the gate in 2014 and for support as we build our strong foundation and embrace the opportunities before us. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay, thanks, Tom. And good morning, everyone. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the first quarter highlights, and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. Okay, if everyone would turn to Page 3. We're pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the first quarter, with sales, EPS, margins and operating cash flow all at or better than expectations. It's a good start to the year and positions us well for achieving our full year outlook. Our EPS from continuing operations was $1.87. On an adjusted basis, EPS was $1.43. I'll discuss this in more detail in just a moment. Operating margin was strong at 14.3%, and on an adjusted basis was 12.7%. And sales of $5.5 billion were at the high end of our sales guidance range. Operating cash flow of $659 million was better than our prior guidance, driven by the timing of collections that were previously expected in the second quarter. During the quarter, the company bought back 2.1 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase program for $200 million. I also want to point out that we're reaffirming the guidance that we provided in January, which I'll discuss further in just a few minutes. Turning now to Page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our first quarter results. Company bookings for the quarter were $4.3 billion, slightly ahead of our internal plans. International awards represented 39% of the total. As you may recall, we had strong bookings in the back half of 2013, so on a trailing 4-quarter basis, the book-to-bill is 0.98x. And as we mentioned on the January call, we expect our full year 2014 bookings to be $23.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million, and a book-to-bill ratio of between 1.0 and 1.05x. Notable bookings in the quarter included $515 million at IDS to provide Patriot air and missile defense capability for Kuwait, and $98 million to provide Patriot engineering services for the U.S. and international customers. IIS booked $111 million on the Joint Polar Satellite System program for NASA and $104 million on the Warfighter FOCUS in support of both domestic and foreign training programs. Missile Systems booked $479 million for Standard Missile-3 for the Missile Defense Agency. Missile Systems also booked $164 million for Paveway and $86 million for Maverick missiles, both for international customers. Space and Airborne Systems booked $116 million to provide radar spares for an international customer and $81 million for software enhancements to AESA radars for the U.S. Air Force. In addition, IIS and SAS booked $535 million and $216 million, respectively, on a number of classified contracts, including $195 million for international cyber at IIS. We continue to expand our cyber business to provide products and large-scale solutions for both domestic and international customers. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $32.2 billion, and on a funded basis was $22.7 billion. It's worth noting that approximately 39% of our backlog is now comprised of international programs. If you'd move to Page 5, as I just mentioned, for the first quarter of 2014, sales were at the high end of the guidance we set in January. Looking at sales by business, IDS had first quarter 2014 net sales of $1.5 billion. The change from Q1 2013 was primarily due to the planned completion of certain production phases on 2 international Patriot programs. In the first quarter of 2014, IIS had net sales of $1.5 billion. Compared with the same quarter last year, the change was primarily due to lower volume on our training programs. Missile systems had first quarter 2014 net sales of $1.6 billion. We saw lower sales for U.S. Army programs in this year's first quarter compared to Q1 2013. And SAS had net sales of $1.4 billion. Lower volume on tactical, communications and classified programs drove the change versus last year. In addition, it's worth noting that $68 million of the lower volume is from reduced intersegment sales related to close combat tactical radars. Excluding this, SAS would be down approximately 8%. Moving ahead to Page 6, we're pleased by our overall company margins, which exceeded our guidance. Our operating margin was 14.3%. And on an adjusted basis, was 12.7%. As a reminder, our first quarter 2014 adjusted margin excludes the favorable FAS/CAS Adjustment, which was worth 160 basis points or $0.18 per share. Our focus on execution, productivity and efficiency continues to be reflected in our financial results. We remain committed to driving cost out of the business. A good example of this is our improving facilities utilization that we've discussed on past calls. We're reducing our real estate footprint and have been for a couple of years now. We made good progress in 2013 realizing a 3% reduction in square footage over 2012. And we see a couple of percent more reduction in 2014. I'd like to mention 1 example of an action we just initiated that will begin to drive savings in 2015. We now plan to move 1,700 people from our Garland, Texas location to a more efficient facility in nearby Richardson, Texas. This will result in a net reduction of over 600,000 square feet beginning next year. We've picked [ph] similar projects that will enable us to hit an approximate 10% targeted reduction in our company-wide real estate over the next few years. So looking at business margins. IIS and Missiles margins were up in the quarter compared with the same period last year. Solid overall program performance and favorable mix drove improvement at both businesses. The change in IDS was primarily driven by higher net program efficiencies in last year's first quarter. I do want to point out that in this year's first quarter, there was a program where the assumed cost to complete increased over prior estimates, and this was one of the drivers in the quarterly comparison. And SAS margins of 13.6% were down compared to the same period last year, primarily driven by higher license royalty payments received in the first quarter of 2013. Turning now to Page 7. First quarter 2014 EPS was $1.87 and on an adjusted basis, was $1.43. I've already addressed the changes in operations and share count. Now you may recall that in Q1 2013, we included the benefit of the retroactive impact of the 2012 R&D tax credit. We excluded this credit in our adjusted earnings. Looking at the first quarter 2014, as I discussed on January's call, our lower tax rate is driven in part by the repatriation of cash. This action was completed in January and resulted in a favorable impact of $0.25 per share in the first quarter 2014. It's worth noting that this impacts the full year tax rate by just under 3 percentage points. On Page 8, we are reaffirming the financial outlook for 2014 that we provided in January for net sales, EPS and operating cash flow. We still expect our full year 2014 net sales to be in the range of between $22.5 billion and $23 billion. Our full year 2014 EPS is expected to be in a range of between $6.74 and $6.89, and on an adjusted basis was in the range of between $5.76 and $5.91. As a reminder, we have not included the possible extension of the R&D tax credit in our 2014 guidance. If the legislation passes, it would favorably impact the effective tax rate by about 100 basis points and our EPS by about $0.10. We repurchased 2.1 million shares of common stock for $200 million in the quarter and continue to see our diluted share count in the range of between 312 million and 314 million shares for 2014, which would be a 3% reduction at the midpoint. As I mentioned earlier, operating cash flow in the quarter was strong due to the timing of collections previously expected in the second quarter. We continue to see our 2014 guidance for operating cash flow to be between $2.3 billion and $2.5 billion. Looking beyond 2014, we don't foresee any notable FAS/CAS impact to what we discussed on the January call, based on the new mortality assumptions recently published in draft form by the Society of Actuaries. And as you can see on Page 9, we've included guidance by business, which is unchanged from our prior outlook. On Page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, EPS and operating cash flow for the balance of 2014. As we discussed on the January call, sales were expected to ramp up throughout the year. In the first half of 2014, we still expect sales to be down on a percentage basis in the mid- to high-single digits. Keep in mind, sales in the first half of the year -- the first half of last year, predominantly Q2, were relatively strong due in part to some quick-turn book-and-bill business. The back-half sales for this year, 2014, are expected to be in line to slightly up versus 2013. And if you compare second-half sales to first-half sales, we expect to see mid-single-digit growth sequentially. As you may recall, our 2013 bookings finished strong, particularly with respect to international. We booked Oman GBAD and the South Korean RACR program in the fourth quarter. In Q1, we were awarded 2 Patriot units for Kuwait and we also booked a key international cyber program. Looking at the second quarter, we anticipate strong orders internationally for missiles and integrated air missile defense programs. These awards are all key drivers of our second-half sales performance. Before concluding, I'd like to spend just a minute talking about our capital deployment strategy. Raytheon has had strong cash generation over the past several years and we expect this to continue. Our first priority is to invest in ourselves to support future growth and efficiency initiatives. Further, an important part of our strategy is to return cash to shareholders. In the first quarter, we increased our dividend by 10% per share. We plan to continue our share repurchase program, reducing the diluted share base over time. Additionally, we continue to look for acquisitions that will drive growth in strategic areas and enhance shareholder value. We'll continue to unlock the potential of our cyber capabilities to meet the growing global demand in both defense and commercial markets, and we see additional acquisitions as part of this long-term focus. Importantly, our cash balances and cash flow allow us flexibility and provide sufficient capacity, both in the near and long term, to support a balanced capital deployment strategy going forward. In summary, we saw good performance in the first quarter. We're executing well. We continue to drive solid operating performance and we're taking costs out of the business. We have a healthy international pipeline, and we expect to improve our sales trajectory in the back half of this year. We remain well positioned with our domestic customers' priority areas and continue to be aligned with the evolving priorities of our international customers. Our objective is to drive the business to maximize value for all of our customers and shareholders. So with that, Tom and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Joe Nadol from JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question is just on the IDS contract you guys mentioned. Any more color you can give on the growth in -- or how much that cost you in EBIT in the quarter? How big is the contract? The confidence in your new cost assumptions, et cetera?
David C. Wajsgras: The IDS contract, specifically, which one are you referring to, Joe?
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The one I think you mentioned that impacted your margin in the quarter.
David C. Wajsgras: Are you talking Patriot for Kuwait?
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, I'm sorry. I thought you mentioned in your description of margins at IDS that there was a contract for which...
Thomas A. Kennedy: Joe, I'll take that real quick. That was a Patriot program we had and there was a refurbishment, and some of the refurbishment elements were required and initially anticipated, so we did book an upcharge on that. That is a profitable program, but it's requiring us to bring in some more additional material into it to complete the refurb.
David C. Wajsgras: I apologize, Joe. Yes, there's a -- it's a contract that's been in production for a while. There was a slight shift in the cadence of the material that's required. So there's a slight impact in the quarter. It shows up in the EAC adjustments, but the contract remains very profitable.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood, okay. And then, just secondly, I was interested in more on the cyber booking internationally. I don't know how much you can talk about it. It -- just from a high level, it always seemed to me that cyber is more difficult -- a more difficult line of business to transfer internationally, more of it is service-oriented than a lot of things you do, conceptually anyway. And so what's really the opportunity to do more of the same, more details you can give on it?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, Joe. I think it's been a focus of ours for several years, to leverage our international channels to drive our cyber business globally. And I think, we were just -- we are seeing -- we saw it last -- late last year, we saw it this year that we're being successful in doing that. And I think the -- one of the main reasons is that we're very credible worldwide relative to our cyber capabilities, and we have a strong international brand relative to the Raytheon company itself. The combination of those 2 is that we're seeing significant opportunities across the globe for our -- essentially our cyber capabilities, our knowledge of cyber and also our cyber products.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just back on that first -- that contract we talked about first. Are you guys going to quantify the specific EAC adjustment or are you not going to do that?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, the EAC adjustments overall for the quarter ran at about 2.2% of revenue. The IDS -- the change for IDS was about $34 million, $35 million. And that one adjustment made up about half of it. That's the reason we wanted to point it out.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Yair Reiner from Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: First, a follow-up on Joe's question. You mentioned in your discussion of cyber that you'd like to do more on the commercial side. Can you give us a sense of how much of your cyber business today is commercial? And maybe where you'd like that to be in 4 or 5 years?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So it's an area that we have participated in for a while now. From a financial perspective, it's not significant at this point. We do offer a broad range of products and services and solutions across various customers. And I think equally important, across various information assurance domains. We've been talking about this and thinking about this from a strategic standpoint for quite a while. We do see ourselves expanding in that area. But at this stage, I don't think it would be prudent to get specific as to how significant that could become over the next 3 to 5 years. With that said, it is a key focus area for us both from a government standpoint and from a commercial standpoint. And we do consider it an important growth area.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, one more, if I could. You've had 2 significant new program wins here relatively recently with the Next Generation Jammer and AMDR. I'm hoping you can help us understand when those begin to hit the P&L? And what the margin profile of those are going to look like?
Thomas A. Kennedy: So let me take that, Yair. Obviously both of those wins were very important to the Raytheon Company. They're both franchise wins and essentially based on the investments that we have made in research and development over several years. And that essentially bore the fruits of that effort. As we move forward, right now we're in the development stages of the program. And so we will not be seeing the high production-type of margins out for about 4 years. But we do have healthy margins on both programs through the development phases.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then the cadence of the revenues?
Thomas A. Kennedy: Cadence of the revenues? It's a...
David C. Wajsgras: The cadence of the revenues, they ramp up throughout this year and become more significant as we get into '15.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about just on -- on one of the slides on SAS, you called out the $68 million impact from intercompany sales. I don't remember you calling that out before. So is there something different for specific programs or is it just larger this quarter for some reason?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, the -- it's army-related. The end product is a battlefield radar that's sold out of our IDS division. The reason I pointed that out is because it's a significant intersegment change year-over-year of $65 million, $70 million. The other businesses have intersegment sales that are in line with last year. So just on a purely external basis, SAS was down a little over 8% and I just thought it was important to point it out.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just when -- you mentioned the capital deployment question and I guess, I'm just thinking more broadly, which is, you have done a lot of work throughout the 2000, I guess to go from, call it, a BBB to an A rating. And just thinking about your credit profile. How important is that and in the context of what you would do with your capital structure and your cash?
David C. Wajsgras: So we are pleased with what we've been able to do from a balance sheet perspective, driven by the strong cash flow over the last number of years. We are essentially an A- rating across-the-board. And we feel that between BBB+ an A- is about the range that we are targeting and comfortable to stay within. From a capital deployment standpoint, I suggested in my opening remarks that we would continue a balanced approach. There is a likelihood that we will see more from an acquisition perspective going forward than we've done certainly in the last year or 2. Last year was pretty quiet on the acquisition front and you can see that when you look at our balance sheet. Going forward, I wouldn't expect wholesale changes from the way we're thinking about capital deployment or the way we're thinking about the rating.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Might as well carry on from where Sam was talking about, the balance sheet situation, but maybe from a different angle. I'm wondering if this shift towards 40% of sales being export also changes your thinking about where you expect the balance sheet to be or what sort of cash debt holding you should have going forward.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So international, as you know, typically has a slightly improved cash profile when compared to our domestic business. I think when you cut through the details, that simply gives us more opportunity with respect to our capital deployment priorities as we look ahead to 2015 and '16. I think that that's really the short version. We're going to continue to invest in ourselves as a priority, I think Tom mentioned that earlier, both from a cost efficiency standpoint -- for example, we have allocated about $100 million to facility utilization improvements this year. We're continuing to invest and increase the investment in R&D as we go forward. And there is some capital associated with that. I'll say this again because it's worth repeating, we fully intend to continue to return value to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. And like I said, we have an increasing focus on value-creating acquisitions. I do want to point out one last thing. The first quarter of this year, we posted the highest cash flow performance, operating cash flow performance in over a decade. So I think your question is the right one, and we'll continue to drive cash flow for the company in that regard.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe a follow-up on your favorite topic of pension space. I was wondering if you could very simplistically explain why these mortality table changes aren't going to much have an impact.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So I think different companies use varying assumptions as they go forward and suggest outlooks and forecasts for pensions. Our assumptions are such that the new mortality tables that are in draft form and recently published wouldn't suggest a big change for us from a FAS/CAS standpoint, or -- and you didn't ask this, or from a cash flow standpoint. As a matter of fact, if you look over the 3-year period, 2014, '15, '16, it actually suggests a slight increase in the net funding cash flow performance for pensions.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Gursky from Citigroup.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dave, just a quick question for you. Can you just update us on e-Borders, in the case going on over there? And then, Tom, a bit broader question for you on the international side. I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the competitive environment there, both from a price perspective, as well as a technology perspective, particularly in missile defense, looking at the Chinese products out there and the potential threat that MEADS might offer up as well. And then, just the pipeline itself, how far out that pipeline reaches and whether we ought to be expecting continued solid demand in growth potentially coming out of international markets to the rest of the [indiscernible].
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, so let me start by talking about the e-Borders situation. The arbitration proceedings in the e-Borders matter, as you know, were initiated in 2010. And hearings before the arbitration panel were concluded in 2013. We expect the decision from the panel sometime in the first half of 2014. That's our expectations, but it's behind closed doors and we'll see when we get a decision. That's all we have.
Thomas A. Kennedy: So Jason, on the international side, obviously, right now there's a significant threat across multiple regions. If you're fairly knowledgeable about the Middle East, you understand the concerns about Iran by several countries in that region. And for example, that's why we're seeing that uptick in Qatar and several other countries relative to the integrated air missile defense. Our brand in that region is very strong. We've been in the region for 50 years. We've delivered products, supported product, and have provided, we call it, solutions that were very well-matched to the customers' needs. So bottom line is, we have a great relationship with those Middle East countries in terms of future product upgrades, and then also future product solutions in -- not just the integrated air missile defense, but also C4I and several other technology areas in ISR. One other question you brought up is how does -- I think you're alluding is how does Patriot compete with MEADS and then how does Patriot compete with the Chinese? A significant change to Patriot occurred, we just completed it with the U.A.E., which was about a $500 million nonrecurring upgrade to the complete Patriot system, which has significantly improved not only its capabilities, but also its availability, reliability and maintainability. So right now it's the only system out there that has those capabilities that has been fielded. MEADS has not been fielded yet and has not been completely tested. So it has work to go before it gets to the availability levels and support levels that Patriot is already achieving today. Furthermore, we continue to make investments in Patriot, too, for future upgrades. And we look forward to them. If you look at the budget and the outlay for the DoD, there is money in there for some upgrades on Patriot. They may be competitive as we move forward. One of them is an AESA radar for Patriot, which obviously is in our -- straight and down center of our capability area and we will definitely be -- are pursuing that upgrade. So I think Patriot, overall, is very strong, not only internationally, but also domestically. And it's being funded very strongly in both areas.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: How far up does your pipeline stretch of potential deals? Are you looking at things that will get fulfilled out into the '18 and '19 period?
Thomas A. Kennedy: We have a pretty healthy 5 year for integrated air missile defense. For example in '14, we're awaiting the Qatar Patriot award, and there's also Qatar Command and Control that's associated with that. And then when go into '15, there's upgrades in Korea and there's also a Poland competition that we are presently in. So there's an uptick there. And then, as you may know, once -- there is already 12 countries that have Patriot and there are continuous upgrades that occur across all those 12 countries. And with the Qatar addition, that will make it 13, and then when we win Poland, that will make it 14 countries. So a strong base, we're integrating our missile defense. Then we also have a -- our NASAM system, which we had a contract award last year with Oman. So we have not just the Patriot system, which is a higher end, but we also have the next level right below that for cruise missile defense and the airborne -- air breathing type of threats. So I think bottom line is the portfolio is strong, our customer pull is very strong over the 5 years.
Operator: Or next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. The first, Dave, if you could just quantify domestic versus international growth for the quarter? And then secondly, on this facility reduction, square footage reduction and the cost actions there. How much of that is sort of, to Tom's comment, continuous improvement versus kind of a new initiative? And what's sort of behind that? Is there any -- is it reactionary or proactive? Any color you can help us with on that? Is that a new effort? And if so, why?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So on the -- on your first question, on the -- in quarter 1 of this year, domestic sales were down about 7%. International was slightly off at about -- down at about 4% over last year. We did mention that 2 long-duration production programs in our air missile defense area were scaling down. And we expect a pretty meaningful ramp as we get to the back half for the year in that segment of the business. With respect to the facilities utilization improvement program that we have, we've been working on that for a while now. Last year, we took out about 3% of our overall square footage. We're now down to about 28.5 million square feet globally. I would say this is not at all reactionary, it's something that we have started focusing on a few years ago. We're continuing to focus on that area. We have a 10% overall targeted reduction in square footage over the next few years. This year, we -- I mentioned earlier, it's going to -- from the investment side, cost about $100 million; $40 million or $50 million in capital and $40 million or $50 million from an expense standpoint. So I repeat what I said back on the January call, from a margin profile, it impacts us in the near term, but in the long term, makes us much more competitive from a cost posture.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: The question I have is, I'm trying to understand, defense investment outlays are going to go down double-digit second and third quarter. If the Green Book's light, even more, although I think that's too optimistic. This quarter, your sales were down 6%, investment outlays were down 5%. Why do we see an increasing disconnect between what you're suggesting for sales in the second and the third quarter versus what defense investment outlays are going to be?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So we understand the question. There's clearly a need to track these numbers at a macro level, and they do provide some insight into the broad trends. But keep in mind that our specific company performance is a function of our bookings and the related sales. Domestically, bookings and sales played out as we expected in Q1. And we're confident in our full year domestic sales guidance. Keep in mind that we're halfway through the government fiscal year, and we have the majority of our FY '14 government contracts in backlog, and the revenue profile of these contracts are relatively fixed. Now we are and remain confident in our program-by-program approach to setting guidance. And for that reason, we don't believe a change in the forecast is warranted simply based on Green Book forecasts or projections.
George Shapiro: Okay. I guess, I'm still looking for the companies that are going to be impacted by this. But I guess I haven't found one yet. But we'll see. The other question...
Thomas A. Kennedy: And George, just back on that, real clear is that we're already halfway into fiscal year '14. And I just wanted to reiterate what Dave said relative to the fact that we have -- yes, the contracts are in place and the contracts do dictate the payment schedules. So that pretty well dictates what we're going to have for the rest of the year. [indiscernible] And we roll up -- when we roll up our estimates, it's based on the actual contracts that we have and what -- any sales we'll achieve out of those for the rest of the year. So it's pretty set.
George Shapiro: No, it's a good answer. As I said, I'm just looking for the disconnect, I haven't found it yet.
Thomas A. Kennedy: All right. All right.
George Shapiro: The other question I had, Dave, is in the first quarter cash flow, you had a $250 million advance, which I assume was probably from Kuwait or maybe Oman. How much of the free -- of the $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion cash that you have, how much more advances do you expect to get and...
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So, George, I'm not going to get specific on the amount of advances because they are associated with a number of programs that are factored in the outlook. There is a portion of advances in the guidance. There is every year, certainly since I've been here. I think what you may be looking for is our confidence in the cash flow outlook. And we're highly confident in the $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion.
George Shapiro: On the contrary, Dave, I would think your guidance is low because last year, you didn't have any real net advances. You're getting more CAS reimbursement this year, plus the advances.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, George. I thought that might be where you were going with it. But let me just repeat, we're confident with our $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion. Cash -- to forecast cash flow, as you know, is difficult. There's always timing 1 quarter to the next with respect to both cash coming in and cash payments being made. So for now, I think the $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion is where we're comfortable guiding.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Strauss from UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about -- back on IDS margins. I know we're going through this transition here, margins have dipped down. But as we think about longer term for this business as the international profile continues to build, tom, what do you think of kind of a long-term sustainable margin is for IDS?
Thomas A. Kennedy: IDS is our business unit that has the highest percentage of international. It's over 50%. And so we do believe -- and a lot of those -- there's a mix between FMS, foreign military sales contracts, and also direct commercial sales, and a lot tend to be production oriented. And as you probably know, in our business, the production programs, they tend to have higher margins. So a combination of all those, I would say, the IDS will continue to be a strong margin business in the out years.
David C. Wajsgras: So let me just add one thing to that. We see margin improvement quarter-over-quarter, sequentially, as we move throughout 2014. And I would suggest that if you're thinking in the 16% plus range longer term, you would be in the neighborhood. I'm not guiding to that. I just want to be clear, but given the mix of business, that's where I would suggest is a good way to think about IDS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. I wanted to ask about classified, how it's doing. I know you can't say much there. But I just noticed in the -- in your 10-K that the classified bookings last year were down a fair amount. If you could comment on that? And then, last one, just talk about Tomahawk and the budget. It looked like it took a pretty big hit.
Thomas A. Kennedy: I'll take that. Our classified bookings were 19% of our total Q1 bookings. So volume was up about 51% from Q1 2013. Classified sales were 15% of total Q1 sales, and it was down about 6% from Q1 2013. So for the total year, we expect classified bookings to be about 12% to 14% of total, and sales to be in the range of 13% to 15% of total.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then on the...
Thomas A. Kennedy: And then, on the Tomahawk, the Tomahawk was funded for FY '14 and also in the FY '15 budget. But the 5-year defense plan for FY '15 did show funding not occurring in '16, '17 and '18 for production, however, it does show an uptick in '19 for a recertification program. And we are working with the -- our customer to ensure that our production line continues in '16, '17 and '18 to be able to support the certification and working to restore those production numbers.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Douglas Harned from Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'm curious. In 2013, you fell short of your goal of reaching the book-to-bill above 1. And we understood that, that was related to the timing of some orders that moved to the right. Then you look at Q1, the backlog fell again. Was this a surprise for you? What's the outlook for bookings over the course of this year?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So we talked a little bit about this earlier. We see strong bookings in the second quarter of north of $7 billion. We did meet our internal targets for Q1 at about $4.3 billion. We -- on a full year basis, we're seeing $23.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million. The international piece of that will be between 35% and 40%. So what I would say is, from our perspective, we vet our internal targets in the first quarter, and we feel good about the way the year is going to play out. I would suggest that there is a -- there's a -- when you close out the second quarter, based on what I'm saying, we would expect a change in the trajectory of the backlog. And we should be back to where we were when we closed out the end of last year, if not better.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Then, when you talk about the 39% of the backlog now being international, if you took a very simplistic view, you might think that over the long term you would be moving towards something like 39% of sales being international. But can you describe how you expect that to play out? Or are some of the international awards longer-term contracts that might not lead you to that kind of a percentage?
David C. Wajsgras: There will be a higher proportion of international sales as we move forward into '15 and '16. With that said, you are right with your assumption that the international programs, in general, are longer in duration than the domestic programs. They can be on average, say, 4 to 5 years, where domestically, you may be looking at 3 years, plus or minus.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And if I could just slip one last thing on the international. When you look at the tensions right now in Eastern Europe, I'm just interested, are you seeing anything specific either directly or indirectly through the budget that's affecting your business as you look as this in real time?
Thomas A. Kennedy: The time sequence for the budgets hasn't caught up to the activities, geopolitical activities we're seeing in Eastern Europe yet. However, we are seeing direct requests for, I will call it, solutions to help countries in the Eastern Bloc region. And the big one out there right now is Poland. And there is a Poland Patriot competition that is going on today. And that, I would see that as being pretty firm as we move forward due to the activities in the -- due to the Ukraine activities.
David C. Wajsgras: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Your last question will come from Peter Arment from Sterne Agee.
Peter J. Arment - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I -- this is more of a, I guess, a bigger picture question. I'm just curious about kind of the -- with the international cyber bookings, I assume that this is a segment that's got a low percentage of international mix. But is this an opportunity, I think long-term, to see margins maybe trend higher? Or is that not going to happen until we see kind of trading volume bottom out?
Thomas A. Kennedy: I definitely think that increasing the international content for that business will drive its margins in the upward direction. So you're right in your assumptions moving forward. This has been an activity that we've been pushing heavily here for the last 2 years to essentially leverage our existing international market channels with our other solutions across the entire business. The cyber is just one example. We have other examples across the business where we're doing that. But again, kind of leverage the fact that on the international we -- our margin profiles are stronger.
Peter J. Arment - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Is there -- David, any clarification on how much is international today versus where you think it can get to?
David C. Wajsgras: No. I don't think we're ready to get into the mix of international versus domestic on the cyber business. And again, it's a business of products and services and overall solutions. We do see the proportion of international growing over time. But today, I just -- I don't think it's appropriate to get into that level of detail.
Todd B. Ernst: All right, well, before closing, I'd like to turn it over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, before we close the call, this being the week of the Boston Marathon, I wanted to take a moment to recognize our employees who were impacted by last year's bombings. And on behalf of the entire Raytheon team, I want to thank all of those who made this year's marathon a safe and resounding success. Thank you.
Todd B. Ernst: Okay, thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again in our second quarter conference call in July. Taheesha?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Former Vice President of Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas A. Kennedy - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division George Shapiro Jonathan Raviv Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon fourth quarter earnings conference call. My name is Quentin, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now, I turn the call over to Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Quentin. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Kennedy, our Chief Operating Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon continued to perform well in the fourth quarter, as we did all year. I'm particularly pleased with our performance, given we operated under a government shutdown in October, sequestration and continuing resolutions at the start and end of the year. In the quarter, we delivered strong margins, earnings and cash flow, driven by solid execution. Bookings were good in the fourth quarter at $7.5 billion, which resulted in a book-to-bill of 1.28. For the year, our margins, EPS and cash flow were all up, while sales were down slightly. Said another way, we had good performance in a challenging environment. Looking forward, we're expecting solid performance in 2014, and Dave will walk you through our guidance in a moment. As expected, our international business continues to be a significant driver of our results. In the quarter, international sales were 29% of the total sales and 43% of total bookings. Notably, we booked several key international awards in the quarter: A ground-based air defense system for Oman, for $1.28 billion; $500 million for tactical radar systems for international customers; and $100 million for international classified cyber. For the full year, international sales represented 27% of total sales and grew by 3%. Our international bookings increased by 10%, a result of our strategic focus on global markets. In November, I visited several of our customers in the Mideast, and we continue to make considerable progress on some of the larger opportunities in the region. For example, Kuwait signed an LOA for Patriot in December. The U.S. Army now has it, and we expect to have a completed agreement by the end of February. We also made significant progress on Qatar Patriot, which is the first step in a multi-year, multi-billion dollar opportunity for the company. Qatar has the LOA, and we're expecting their leadership to sign an agreement for Patriot portion any day now. Then it will go to the Army for final approval, and we expect an award exceeding $2 billion in the first half of the year. We feel good about the bookings outlook in 2014 and expect total bookings of $23.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million. International bookings are expected to be in the 35% to 40% of total bookings. We expect international sales to be around 30% of total sales. Domestically, we continue to see strong interest in our portfolio of advanced technologies, and we received several notable awards in the quarter, including TPY-2 radar 12 and 2 competitive wins, the Global ASNT communications system and the Air and Missile Defense Radar or AMDR for short. We weren't immune to the effects of the Budget Control Act in 2013, but the good news is that in December, a budget deal was reached, which provides a stable budget for 2 years, giving the DoD and industry some much-needed clarity. Hopefully, there'll be no more continuing resolutions and shutdowns. After the close of the quarter, we received some more good news: Protests on 2 of our competitive wins, the Next Generation Jammer and AMDR, were favorably resolved. And as I noted on previous calls, these are important development programs that will provide long-term growth opportunities for the company and also reflect our strong position in future markets, both domestically and internationally. Looking back at 2013, I'm really proud of what the Raytheon team was able to accomplish. We continue to meet our customers' needs in a challenging environment. We successfully consolidated Raytheon's businesses from 6 to 4 and in record time, and we continued to reduce our costs. I'm also proud that Raytheon was the only AMD company recognized in the Civic 50 for the second consecutive year as one of America's most community-minded companies. The Civic 50 identifies and recognizes companies for their commitment to improve the quality of life in the communities where they do business. So in summary, as I look across the company, our performance continues to be solid, our strategy continues to create value, our culture is stronger than ever and the company is well-positioned and prepared for the future. I also want to take the time to thank the Raytheon team for its focus and dedication throughout the year. I would also like to thank our supply chain partners for their support. As you all know, I announced my intention to step down as Raytheon's CEO, and the board appointed Tom Kennedy to be CEO, and Tom is on the call with us today. We started the transition, and we're both excited for the company's future. Most of you know Tom and the excellent job he's done as COO, leading our business consolidation that enhances productivity, agility and affordability. His experience as a proven leader with a broad understanding of key technologies, a key -- keen customer focus and a deep knowledge of our business makes him the ideal CEO to take the company forward. I look forward to continuing to serve as Chairman of the Board and working with Tom to ensure a smooth transition. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the fourth quarter and full year results, then I'll discuss our outlook for 2014 and after that, we'll open up the call to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning, which are posted on our website. If everyone could please move to Page 3. We delivered solid results in both the quarter and the full year. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $1.58. For the full year, adjusted EPS of $6.38 was up 1.6%. Our sales for the quarter were $5.9 billion and $23.7 billion for the year, consistent with the guidance range we presented in October. We also generated strong operating cash flow of $1.1 billion for the quarter and $2.4 billion for the year. Our focus on cash cycle productivity continues to drive results. I'd like to point out that we made a discretionary contribution of $300 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Even with this pension contribution, we still achieved the high end of our prior cash flow guidance. Additionally, during the quarter, the company repurchased 4.7 million shares of common stock for $400 million, bringing the full year 2013 repurchases to 15.2 million shares for about $1.1 billion. The company ended the year with a strong balance sheet and net debt of $437 million. As we previously disclosed in the fourth quarter 2013, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2 billion of the company's outstanding common stock. Turning now to Page 4. Let me go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full year results. We had solid bookings of $7.5 billion in the quarter and $22.1 billion for the full year, resulting in a year-end backlog of $33.7 billion. Our book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.28, and the company ended 2013 with a funded backlog of about $23 billion. For the quarter, international orders represented 43% of our total company bookings, and for the full year was 30% of total bookings. At the end of 2013, approximately 37% of our total backlog was international. In the fourth quarter, significant international awards included $1.3 billion at IDS on a ground-based air defense system and $566 million at SAS on tactical airborne system upgrades for international customers. Other significant bookings included $393 million at IDS for AMDR; $173 million for a TPY-2 radar for the Missile Defense Agency; and $585 million at IIS on a number of classified programs, including $100 million for international cyber. Missile Systems booked $189 million for the evolved Sea Sparrow missile and $177 million for the Phalanx Weapon Systems for the U.S. Navy and international customers. Missiles also booked $172 million for Paveway for the U.S. Air Force and international customers. If you'd move to Page 5, we had fourth quarter sales of $5.9 billion, down 9%. As I mentioned earlier, sales were consistent with our expectations. It's worth noting that fourth quarter sales reflect the impact from the timing of international awards, some of which were received late in the quarter. Looking at the businesses. Net sales at IDS were $1.6 billion in the quarter. Compared to last year's fourth quarter, the change was primarily due to an international Patriot program nearing completion and lower volume on a tactical radar program. IIS net sales of $1.5 billion in the quarter were down from the same period last year, primarily due to lower volume on training and some of our classified programs. Missile Systems had fourth quarter 2013 net sales of $1.6 billion, down compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. The change was primarily due to lower sales on U.S. Army sensor programs. And SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion in Q4, lower than the comparable period last year, primarily due to reduced volume on some of our ISR and classified programs. For the year, sales were $23.7 billion, down 2.9%. A decline in domestic sales was primarily -- was partially offset by a little more than 3% growth in our international sales. Moving ahead to Page 6. We delivered solid operational performance in the quarter and for the full year. Looking at business margins in the quarter, all were essentially in line or better than last year, as the IDS, IIS and SAS margins all exceeded the range that we have provided back in October. Missile Systems fourth quarter margin did come in below our expectations, driven by mix, a small loss on the disposal of a non-core manufacturing facility, as well as an investment in the development of a new wafer-level packaging technology. Overall, our adjusted margins were up 30 basis points in the quarter. As I stand back and look at full year 2013, we again delivered strong margins. Our adjusted margin increased 10 basis points, driven by solid execution, favorable mix and meaningful contribution from our ongoing productivity efforts, including the business consolidation and the successful implementation of Global Business Services. On Page 7, you'll see both the fourth quarter and full year adjusted EPS. In the fourth quarter 2013, our adjusted EPS was $1.58, and for the full year was $6.38 compared with $6.28 in 2012, an increase of 1.6%. The increase for the full year was driven by capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases, and by strong execution, partially offset by lower volume. As I previously mentioned, the company generated strong operating cash flow of $2.4 billion in 2013. So moving ahead to our 2014 guidance, which you'll find on Page 8. We see sales in the range of between $22.5 billion and $23 billion, down 3% to 5% from 2013, driven by our domestic business, which is partially offset by the growth in our international business. As for pension, we see the FAS/CAS adjustment at a positive $346 million, which reflects our investment returns in 2013 of over 15% on our U.S. pension assets and the December 31 discount rate of 5.1%. We expect net interest expense to be between $200 million and $210 million. We see our average diluted shares outstanding to be between 312 million and 314 million on a full year basis, a 3% year-over-year reduction at the midpoint of the range. As for our effective tax rate, we expect it to be approximately 28.5%. Our 2014 effective tax rate guidance is lower than 2013 due to an international cash management initiative, which was executed in January, bringing cash back to the United States. This action impacted the full year tax rate by just under 3 percentage points and is worth approximately $0.26 per share. I should also point out that we haven't included the possible extension of the R&D tax credit in 2014 guidance. If the legislation passes, it would favorably impact the effective tax rate by about 100 basis points and our EPS by about $0.10. In 2014, we see our adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5.76 to $5.91. In addition to the FAS/CAS adjustment, this also excludes the $0.26 impact that I just mentioned. We see 2014 EPS to be in the range of $6.74 to $6.89. Our operating cash flow guidance is between $2.3 billion and $2.5 billion. Moving ahead to Page 9. Here, we provided our initial 2014 guidance by business. We expect 2014 adjusted margins to continue to be solid and in the 12.6% to 12.8% range. This includes 20 basis points of expected cost to support productivity and efficiency initiatives, including real estate utilization improvements through facility consolidations, as well as investments to support the continuing evolution of our advanced technologies to maintain our competitive edge, which has been a focus area in the past and will continue to be so in the future. Further, our margins for 2014 will be impacted by a change in program mix, both from an international and domestic perspective. We're continuing to focus on reducing our cost structure. In 2013, we consolidated several facilities, reducing our square footage by about 3% or approximately 1 million square feet. Looking forward, we're targeting a square footage reduction of approximately 10% over the next 3 to 4 years, which should yield considerable efficiencies and further support our customers' affordability objectives. If you'd now turn to Page 10, we provided you with our 2014 outlook by quarter. You'll notice that sales ramp up throughout the year. In the first half of 2014, sales are expected to be down in the mid- to high-single digits on a tough comp. You may recall that in the first half of last year, we received some quick-turned book-and-bill business. The back half sales for 2014 are expected to be in line to slightly up when you're comparing to the same period in 2013. And if you compare second half sales to first half sales, we expect to see mid-single-digit growth. The improvement in the back half was driven by the timing of international awards, which we received in late 2013 and expect in the first half of 2014. It's worth noting that the sales cadence in 2014 is consistent with what the company saw in 2011 and 2012. Finally, on Page 11. As we've done in the past, we've provided a summary of the financial impact from pensions in 2013, as well as the projected impact for 2014 through '16, holding all assumptions constant. Let me conclude by saying that in 2013, Raytheon delivered solid operating performance. By focusing on program execution and structural cost improvements, our margins, earnings and operating cash flow were all ahead of expectations. Our international business continues to grow. We have a strong balance sheet and net debt of less than $450 million. This gives us real flexibility and options to continue to drive shareholder value. We continue to find new ways to apply our world-class technologies to deliver meaningful and differentiated value to our customers, improve efficiency and drive productivity. Before concluding, I'd like to offer my personal thanks to Bill. Your leadership has transformed this company, and you are handing off a strong, well-managed organization. I know I speak for the rest of the employees by saying thank you for your leadership, vision and all the contributions you've made over your 42 years of service to help make this company a success for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. I look forward to continuing to work with you in your role as Chairman. I would also like to personally congratulate Tom. I've had the pleasure of working closely with Tom over the past 8 years, and especially, since he became COO this past spring. With his 30 years of experience, Tom knows this company from top to bottom and has demonstrated strong leadership throughout his career. So Tom, I, and the rest of the team, are looking forward to working with you and building on our strong foundation under your leadership. So with that, we'll open the call up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein of Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Bill, we're not going to ask about succession today.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, you can go ahead now.
William H. Swanson: I can probably give you a definitive answer now.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm sure. Well, congratulations. Can I just ask a question? If I just take some of the numbers you gave us for the domestic and international, it would seem to imply that domestic is probably down 8% this year and international gets 6% growth. And given that first half, second half dynamic you just talked about, should that growth continue into next year? I mean, is the midpoint of this year where you feel like we start to hit bottom in a cycle?
David C. Wajsgras: So Sam, why don't I start with that, and maybe Bill or Tom want to add a little bit of color. So we expect domestic on a full year basis to be down in the mid-single-digit range. And we see our international business, again for the year, growing in the low- to mid-single-digit range. And to use a phrase that Bill has used in the past, '14 does look a lot like '13 from a sales profile standpoint.
William H. Swanson: Yes. And I would add that I think we've always said that we look at '14 in part of '15 being a transition year. And if you look at '16 and look at the numbers, there's actually -- it ticks up even under sequestration. So for us, this feels like what we've been talking about and the international awards that I highlighted and some of the ones we're expecting to come in really are a nice transition for us as we go through this change in budget, if that helps.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And Dave, if I can just follow up, is there a cash effect from this tax benefit in the first quarter? Because just looking at the quarterly run rate, it did look like it was heavy in the EPS, which I guess is the tax benefit. But is there a cash effect as well?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, there is. It's about $75 million or $80 million.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Bill, you've come a long way from -- since the NCS problem programs. It's a much more pleasant call these days.
William H. Swanson: That was about 10 years ago, and I remember it vividly.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, me too. Can you highlight how much of that second half growth is dependent on signing the international contracts in this first half of the year? Obviously, they have a tendency of slipping a little bit, so I just want to make sure we're not counting on too much.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So we feel confident in how we have guided for the year, both first half and second half. You'll recall that a number of these larger programs we started talking about mid last year. Bill just put a lot color around where the more significant ones stand. So from our perspective, I would say that it wouldn't be a stretch to say that we're highly confident with our second half performance relative to what I just said in my formal remarks.
William H. Swanson: Yes. And I would just add a little color. The Oman program has started from the point of having a contract. Kuwait, I mentioned, it's all -- everything's done in country. It's back on this side of the pond now for us to take care of. And when you look at Qatar, clearly, that's been through all the processes and just waiting for the final signature over there. So I think Dave said it well. We're confident what the front-end looks like. And once a few more stages are taking place, we might even spend some of our own money to get an early jump on this to make sure we get it nailed correctly.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. You should also keep in mind that we factor these pretty heavily when we talk about the bookings outlook for the year, and that's certainly taken into account here. So if you look at what had actually taken place in the fourth quarter with a book-to-bill of just under 1.3, we also see strength in the first half of the year. I'll repeat what I just said, on a full year basis, we have a lot of confidence in the guidance and certainly, in the second half.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then just one cleanup one was on SAS, anything in particular in terms of timing in the quarter? And was it just a push out into '14 in terms of the sales for the fourth quarter?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. From a sales standpoint for SAS, we do see 2014 declining in the mid-single digits, which is driven by lower funding levels on some of the various classified programs, as well as some of the airborne radar and EW systems. You also know that -- and we talked about this in the past, it was scheduled completion on some of the international tactical airborne radars. Now with all of that said, we do see a ramp in the second half of SAS similar to what I just said about the company as a whole. And we continue to have a lot of confidence in that business. It's probably worth mentioning as well, the margin performance in Q4 for SAS was very strong. They were able to pull some productivity initiatives forward into the fourth quarter that we had initially anticipated in the first half of 2014.
William H. Swanson: And I would add just a little bit, Dave, they can now start on Next Generation Jammer. We were delayed for about 6 months there because of the protests, and RACR will be starting up, so that will give them a nice ramp-up here.
Operator: The next question comes from Ron Epstein of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So congratulations, Bill, and everybody.
William H. Swanson: Thank you.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So at a high level, I mean, I guess there was a lot of concern with maybe some of the changing political perceptions in the Middle East that you guys, in particular, would see some pressure on international sales in the region. So I guess my question is, if we back up, have you seen a changing dynamic in the competitive landscape in international markets, maybe particularly in the Middle East, but just more broadly speaking? As kind of everybody has been trying to dive into international markets and it's been a focus for -- your competitors are putting together international units and that sort of thing so.
William H. Swanson: Yes. I mean, what I would do is remind everybody back to about 8 or 9 years ago when, I guess, we were talking about international. It's not something you can flip a switch and turn on a light and have it instantaneously happen. So I appreciate people starting organizations and putting things in place, but it takes a while to establish your credibility internationally. And our customers really count on the fact that, I mean, we've been in the Mideast 50 years, Japan 50 years, Taiwan 50 years, Korea. I mean, these are the sort of things we've done for a long time, and your performance over that period really helps you capture new business. And it's, to me, it's all about relationships and trust, and that does not happen overnight. To your question in the Mideast, clearly, the region needs the kind of products and services that we as a company have in our portfolio, and I was over there in December and Tom was over there just recently. I think both of us would say the same thing, that there hasn't been any kind of turndown whatsoever in what we're doing in the region. In fact, we find the opposite is true that they're counting on us to do more to help them as they worry about their own national security. So I know what's written in the papers, but to me, first-hand knowledge is really important, and that's why we go over there to interface with people that we've been doing work with for a long, long time.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right, that's good to know.
William H. Swanson: If that helps.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, for sure. And just a follow-on. When we think about where maybe some of the next emerging opportunities are for Raytheon internationally, where would that be?
William H. Swanson: Well, for us, the Mideast is still strong. I mean, we have 2 new customers in Oman and Qatar that haven't been in our portfolio before. Those programs took a few years to get over the goal line, and we intend to do more with them and we can offer more to help provide for the security of their countries. So the Mideast is strong. Asia is still strong, whether it's South Korea, Taiwan or Japan or that part of the region. Clearly, Australia and Europe, in my opinion, not now, but in the future, 2, 3 years from now, Europe is going to have to upgrade what they have. They haven't spent money. They've kind of made things do and in my opinion, they're going to have to upgrade what they have, and we'll see that as an opportunity because we've been there for a number of years. As a company, we sell in 80 countries around the world. And one of the things I'm proud of when I travel, and I know Tom feels the same way, is that we never have to talk about our performance, it's a given. So we start really with more what capabilities can we help you with as we go in there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Bill, it's been wonderful working with you and wish you all the best.
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Joe.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, onto the business. I thought I heard you guys imply earlier that you're looking at 2014 and 2015 both as transition years or -- I interpreted that as down years for domestic, with then potentially growth reemerging in '16. Is that a fair characterization of the way you're looking at this?
William H. Swanson: Yes, Joe, I would say it is. When you look at the budget process, even with sequestration and the Budget Control Act, '16 was always the year that there was an uptick where it started to come back again. And even when you look at it '17 and on, the budgets start to increase. The other thing is, as the economy gets going, that'll take part of the pressure off too. But we've always viewed that as the transition. You got it right.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the international front. I heard what you said so far, and we can do the math on the 2 deals that you're waiting for here near term. But when you look at the $8.8 billion that you're expecting this year in bookings, roughly internationally, what are the other key deals that we can kind of hone in on as we look in -- particularly into the second half of the year?
William H. Swanson: Yes, we feel good about it with that. Let me turn it over to Tom. He just came back from a trip, so he can add some color.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, I just made  just back from the Middle East, I did have the opportunity to do the ceremony signing for the Oman deal. And as Bill mentioned before, Oman is a new country for us, and we see additional opportunities in Oman over the next 5 years. Also, the big one Bill mentioned was Qatar. It turns out there will also be a second award towards the end of the year from Qatar. This is for air defense operating center. We also -- Bill did mention the Patriot Kuwait fire units. That is very close to being awarded by the U.S. Army. We're expecting that towards the end of February, beginning of March. There's other Patriot activities between $1 billion to $2 billion coming up more towards the back end of the year. We also have a big opportunity relative to TOW international, and this is for the next -- this year. It's about between $600 million and $700 million. And overall, there's another overall missile, it's about $1.2 billion throughout the year. And then the other major activities, is coming out of SAS is tactical airborne radars and electronic warfare, approximately $600 million. And then we have, as you know, a significant training in O&M activities internationally, and that's about $700 million. And then there's a miscellaneous of about another $1.5 billion, and that's across our special mission aircraft, battlefield radars, air-traffic control, ground sensor systems and also airborne ISR, that kind of wraps it up.
Operator: It comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Royal.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Bill, maybe for the last time, I was wondering if you could give us maybe your thoughts on maybe the general defense industry. Now that we have some stability in the U.S. defense budget for the next couple of years, do you think we'll see some pickup in M&A and would you, Raytheon, be interested in getting involved?
William H. Swanson: I think right now, the mid and lower tiers are facing some pressure. I think some companies are having to decide what they're going to do if they can continue on the path they're on, which if they decide to do something different, will it involve M&A, and I think some are going to have to do it. I think from our standpoint, Dave said it best, I mean, we've got a balance sheet that's -- I like to say as pristine with a lot of firepower. So if there's opportunities for us to add to our portfolio that make sense, not just to buy something for revenue's sake, that never works, but where it fits in, especially in where we see future growth, then that would be the case. But I don't expect the company to be doing anything totally different from what we've done in the past. One of the things we tried to be -- somebody mentioned back to the 10 programs, 10 or 11 years ago, we tried to be transparent in what we do, and I don't expect that to change at all. Since you asked me to reflect, one thing that I would say that I am concerned about as we go through this budget process, we seem to be protecting personnel and readiness, which is okay. Those can be bought back very quickly, and I'm going to be working hard to make sure that on the R&D side that we don't take a lot of cuts in the budget there because, being an engineer, I know how long it takes for R&D to come to fruition. And we're always a country that has invested in our capability, in war-fighting capability. I know Raytheon, even in the tough times when we had $13 billion in debt, we still invested, and that's paying off in some of our wins as we look today, and we'll continue to invest as a company. But I think as a nation, as we look at the -- our investments, we've got to make sure that R&D is not sacrificed because you can't buy back that time that you lose.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And maybe just a quick one for Dave, of course, on pension and...
David C. Wajsgras: Of course, Rob. I was waiting, yes.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe it's quite a simple question, but you showed the gross funding requirement for the next 3 years. Wouldn't it make more sense to use some of this cash on the balance sheet available today to kind of bring those future contributions down?
David C. Wajsgras: I'm sorry, Rob, I couldn't -- you were breaking up a little bit. Can you just repeat the question?
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, sorry. It was -- I asked if it would make more financial sense to use some of the cash on the balance sheet today rather than these gross funding requirements in the future.
David C. Wajsgras: To use some of the cash on the balance sheet today -- yes, yes. We made a discretionary  a small discretionary contribution in the fourth quarter. There's a number of considerations with the cash that we currently have on the balance sheet. And as we go forward in '14, I've already suggested that we'll once again have a very strong cash flow performance here of upwards of $2.5 billion. It's something we continue to consider. Historically, the discretionary contributions have been very good investments for the company at any way that you would want to analyze those investments. So it's certainly something we'd look at going forward. I want to be clear, none of that is contemplated as we sit here today. But if we do decide to go in that direction, we will certainly make that public in advance of what we're going to execute. There's different areas that we're thinking about investing in. Bill suggested that we are going to continue to look hard at M&A opportunities that are value-add to the company, both in the near and long term. We'll continue to look at the dividend, and we've said this publicly before. We believe that increasing the dividend over time is a very important economic signal to the investors relative to how we see our cash flow performance. The repurchase plan back in the fourth quarter, our Board of Directors approved a $2 billion authorization, which is not time-sensitive. In other words, we can use that over any period of time we would like. And I just suggested that the diluted share count for 2014 will be down about 3%, so we continue to see that as a value-creation opportunity for investors. So we're cognizant of our cash position. We feel good about the flexibility, and we have a lot of confidence that we'll be able to effectively drive value for our shareholders over time.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel of Jefferies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I was thinking, since you're a short-timer, maybe all my questions should go to Tom and Dave anyhow.
William H. Swanson: Take your best shot, Howard.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: There's no water in this one, Bill. First, something that goes back a little while, and I think you've talked about resolving it, was the British border authority. Where do you stand with that? And how close do you think you are to getting what you need back?
William H. Swanson: On e-Borders, we expect a decision in the first half of 2014. All the hearings were concluded late last year, and that's about the best color I can give right now, Howard, because I don't know any more than that.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: All right, that's fine. You spent a lot of time and effort on Patriot upgrades and some other things you've been doing. Tom, maybe for a moment you could talk a little bit more of how you've enhanced the system and sort of what does that leave in terms of -- I mean, at some point, it has to go back in and help the Army in a meaningful way, I would think.
Thomas A. Kennedy: So I think the big upgrade on Patriot came out of the U.A.E. program and was about over $400 million in nonrecurring, and nonrecurring is the dollars we use for development. Those changes are now in the Patriot system. They've been through complete testing with the U.S. Army. And so right now, in all our new offerings in the Middle East, we are providing this upgraded Patriot system and it's getting a lot of traction. The other area here is, there's 12 nations that have Patriot today. And so all those nations are now looking at upgrading their systems with all the capabilities that were added via the U.A.E. contract that we had.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then, last, Dave, if you I look at the math on the share repurchase, it appears as if you're going to scale it back a little bit relative to last year. Is that a pretty fair assumption?
David C. Wajsgras: That's a fair assumption, Howard, and I believe I mentioned that on either the second quarter or third quarter call last year. So it is scaled back somewhat, but it's still an important part of the overall capital deployment plan.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So it does sort of indicate that you're looking at finding other ways to -- or just more balance, I guess, might be a way of thinking about it going forward for growth.
David C. Wajsgras: That's a fair comment. We are balancing out the way we're looking at the various levers from a capital deployment standpoint. And we still believe that roughly a 3% reduction is -- will be viewed favorably. We still see Raytheon as a good investment or we wouldn't be repurchasing our shares. But again, there are a number of different areas to consider as we go forward in '14.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of George Shapiro of Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Congratulations again, Bill. A job well done over the years. It's always been fun.
William H. Swanson: Thank you, George. I'd like to say I'm really going to miss this. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to be listening in on the calls so it probably will be a lot more fun.
George Shapiro: Okay, my question is that, Dave, given that you've missed the book-to-bill for the year, I mean, it came in at 0.93 versus the nearer 1 you were expecting. Was that the reason why the sales guidance for this year is down 3% to 5% versus what you said on the third quarter call that it would be relatively similar?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So you are right, as bookings have moved to the right, that clearly impacts sales in the near term. I want to repeat something that I said earlier. 2014 is very similar to the way 2013 looked from a sales standpoint, both domestically and internationally. Now we did have some larger programs move into the first half of 2014. We continue to see a very healthy book-to-bill in -- particularly in the first half of 2014. So if you take that 3-quarter period, the fourth quarter of '13 and the first half of '14, that bodes very well for the sales outlook for the back half of '14. From an overall standpoint, it impacted the sales guidance somewhat, but it's not overly meaningful, is the best way for me to say it.
William H. Swanson: And I think I should have mentioned that when I gave the $23.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million guidance on bookings, we expect a book-to-bill between 1.0 and 1.05. So we're expecting a strong year.
George Shapiro: Okay. But I mean, when you said similar sales in the third quarter comment, I'm just trying to figure out exactly how much the lower bookings might have impacted the sales guidance for this year. I mean, was it 1%, 2%?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, it's not a lot, George. I'm not going to get overly specific on the arithmetic, but it didn't -- I would say the bookends of what we just went out with, it hasn't changed as a result of some of these orders moving to the right. It's less than a 1% impact.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just...
David C. Wajsgras: That's why we go out with a range, George. That's why we have a range.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just one quick one. You did well on the margins, but the space area, you particularly beat your guidance as set out in the third quarter. So was there something unique in this fourth quarter for space that you didn't anticipate? Or what caused you to beat it by that much?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. No, that's...
George Shapiro: I mean, you're 70 basis points higher than what your highest guidance was at the third quarter.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So the SAS business did see strong fourth quarter margins, and they were slightly above the prior year's fourth quarter. It's primarily due to the productivity improvements in our airborne radar program area. We had a couple of things going on and we were able to pull, and I mentioned this earlier, pull some productivity actions that we had anticipated in the first half of '14 into the fourth quarter.
George Shapiro: Okay, very good. Congratulations again, Bill.
William H. Swanson: Thanks, George. I will miss you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky of Citi.
Jonathan Raviv: It's Jon Raviv on for Jason. Congratulations to Bill and Tom. Just kind of curious what you're looking out for in the FY '15 budget process from a domestic perspective, where you see risks and opportunities around hitting the top end or bottom end of your guidance for this year?
William H. Swanson: DoD is going to submit the budget in the March timeframe. It'll be the first budget that's submitted within the caps. So for us, it'll allow DoD to make the tradeoffs that they see fit under these -- the new budget process. Beyond that, it's really hard to speculate what we think they may be doing in that regard. But clearly for us, the areas that we're focused in, in missile defense and in cyber and so forth, fit with what we believe the priorities will be in that case as we go forward.
Jonathan Raviv: And then just in terms of thinking about the high and low end of guidance for this year?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So from a guidance standpoint, we range virtually all of our financial performance measures. I think a good way to think about it would be starting at the midpoint. We have opportunities and we also have some risks. But on balance, I would suggest the midpoint of the range is the way to start thinking about it.
Operator: The next question, apologies for pronunciation, comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr of Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Bill, again, congratulations on job extremely well done.
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Cai, appreciate it.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So well done that my only real question is one for Dave. So you laid out this very attractive profile through 2016 of cash recovery and your discretion -- and your contributions, at least the gross funding contributions. And if you don't make any discretionary contributions, it looks like every year, you get another couple hundred million of cash flow benefit.
William H. Swanson: That's right.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: As you look at that, what could make the cash -- or how locked in is the cash recovery? And I assume the gross funding essentially -- what could change the gross funding other than your discretionary contributions?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, there's a lot of variables involved in this from a discount rate standpoint, from an asset return standpoint, from a demographic standpoint. All of these have various impacts on the accounting, obviously, on the recovery and on the contributions under the Pension Protection Act. With all of that said, I wouldn't -- I would look at what we have in the web slide deck as -- with pretty high confidence. I don't see that changing dramatically going forward. It holds all assumptions constant relative to the discount rate and the asset returns at 8.75%. The demographics can sometimes change these numbers somewhat, but not meaningfully. So I would say that I would look at those numbers from an investor perspective and have a fair amount of confidence in what we put out there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Todd B. Ernst: Right, Quentin, I think that's it. So thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter conference call in April.
William H. Swanson: And Todd, thank you, and I want to thank everybody. It's been a nice ride. Thanks, everybody. Quentin?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's call, and I conclude. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Former Vice President of Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division George Shapiro Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Frances. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill. Bill?
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Let me start off first by congratulating the Red Sox and the organization on their win last night. Some of us were up a little bit late. But I'm pleased to report that Raytheon delivered solid operating performance in the third quarter. Our sales, margins, EPS and cash flow were all ahead of expectation. As the business continues to execute well in the quarter and going forward, further, our productivity initiatives continue to gain traction and deliver results, driving improved affordability for our customers. Bookings were $5.7 billion, and we ended the quarter with a book-to-bill just under 1. As we look to the end of the year, we have a number of large domestic and international opportunities that we're targeting, and we continue to see solid demand from the global market for our broad portfolio of advanced solutions. Before we get into more details regarding the quarter, I'd like to talk about the realities of the budget environment. As you know, the U.S. government was shut down for 16 days this month, and we're operating under a sequestration and yet another CR. To call this a very challenging environment would be an understatement. Clearly, this is not the way we'd prefer the budget process to operate. No one wants to have to manage their strategic business plans under such circumstances. But by working closely with our customers and focusing on performance, we continue to deliver the solutions our customers need. That said, we weren't completely unaffected by the shutdown. A number of our employees were impacted. This was largely related to our non-DOD or civil business, which provides direct support to our customers. In particular, the area of the company most affected was our Federal Aviation Administration training programs. Financially, the shutdown impact was minimal and has been captured in our updated financial guidance. But personally, the situation was hard on the individuals and the government and the industry who devoted their entire careers to supporting our nation. And while a larger company such as Raytheon have the ability to mitigate the impact to our workforces, our industry supply base does not. These companies are often small and minority owned, don't have the same resources or flexibility to weather these ongoing budget storms. So while we're pleased that the Congress and the administration have resolved the most recent budget stalemate, we continue to call on them to put an end to the budget paralysis in Washington. We need to reach a lasting bipartisan solution to ensure our nation's long-term fiscal stability without requiring shutdowns, CRs and sequestration. Without a long-term solution, we face continued workforce uncertainty. In the meantime, it's incumbent upon us at Raytheon to effectively manage our company in this environment. This means continuing to focus on the fundamentals and executing our differentiated strategy. It's what we do. And once again, this focus is yielding results that are evident in our operating performance. As noted in our earnings release this morning, we're raising our guidance for sales, EPS and cash flow for the year. This kind of performance doesn't just happen, rather, it's a function of a dedicated team working every day to find new ways to improve, to lower our cost and to respond more quickly to our customers' needs. As most of you know, when we're faced with competition, we embrace it and strive to deliver world-class technology at an affordable price. A good example of this is our gallium nitride or GaN technology, a long-term investment we made years ago that is now helping us win key programs like the Next Generation Jammer. And earlier this month, we were notified by the Navy that we turned in an outstanding proposal and we're selected for the new Air and Missile Defense Radar or AMDR. AMDR is the radar system for the next generation of destroyers for the U.S. Navy, which will provide greatly improved missile defense capability compared to today's systems. Our competitive wins on AMDR and Next Jammer -- the Next Generation Jammer are credit to the Raytheon team and to our strategic vision, which is driving the investment, technology and operational decisions today that will support our competitiveness in the future. I probably should mention that both of these competition -- competitive awards are currently under protest, but that seems to be the new normal. Moving on, we're also successful executing our international strategy that is providing significant long-term growth potential. Our international sales this quarter grew by 6% compared to the third quarter of 2012. International represents 27% of our total revenue in the quarter. And for the year, we expect international to be in the 27% to 29% of total sales. The growth we are experiencing in our international business partially offsets the decline we're seeing in our domestic business as a result of sequestration and CRs. We expect strong international bookings for the year, and we have several large awards remaining that have well-defined milestone past the completion. With my more than 40 years of experience in the international market, I've learned that the timing of these binary awards is more often an art than it is a science. It's just the nature of doing business with international customers. While a shift in a milestone of a few weeks can impact timing award, it doesn't change our confidence in the award occurring. One encouraging sign that could have a positive impact on international business is the recent change in how the government views export regulation. Transitioning oversight from certain defense-related products from the Department of State to Department of Commerce should shorten the timeframe in which we're able to provide solutions to international partners. As a result, over time, this should allow the U.S. industry to compete more effectively and do business more efficiently in the highly competitive and expansive [ph] global marketplace. We also see our DOD customers leaning forward to help more on international sales. For many of you who have followed Raytheon over the years, you know us as a company that has historically adapted our strategy and leveraged our technology in order to maximize value for our customers and shareholders. Looking ahead, we continue to evolve our strategy and are building upon these successes. We're managing through the challenges of today's environment and we remain focused on the opportunities of tomorrow. We have a proven strategy, best-in-class capabilities and an outstanding team to meet our customers' needs. I'd like to thank the entire Raytheon team for helping drive these solid results and for maintaining its focus on our customer during the time of continued challenge and change. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the third quarter highlights, and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slide that we issued earlier this morning. Everyone would please move to Page 3. We are pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the third quarter. For the quarter, our sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations all came in higher than the guidance we provided you back in July. EPS and adjusted EPS for the third quarter were consistent with last year's third quarter and on a year-to-date basis, are running ahead of last year's comparable period. Adjusted operating margin was 13.7%, reflecting continued strong performance for the company and year-to-date, up 10 basis points to 13.6%. We slightly exceeded the high end of our prior guidance on sales of $5.8 billion, down 3% compared with last year's third quarter. On a year-to-date basis, sales were down less than 1%. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was approximately $895 million, which also exceeded our prior guidance due to strong collections, a portion of which was timing from Q4. And on a year-to-date basis, operating cash flow from continuing operations is over $300 million higher than the comparable period last year. We're increasing our full year sales, EPS and operating cash flow guidance, which I'll address further in a few minutes, along with other updates to our 2013 outlook. During the quarter, the company repurchased 2.9 million shares of common stock for $225 million, bringing our year-to-date share repurchases to 10.5 million shares for $675 million, and we ended the quarter with net debt of just over $800 million. Turning now to Page 4. Let me start by providing some detail on our third quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $5.7 billion and on a year-to-date basis, were $14.6 billion. As we've mentioned on prior calls, bookings are weighted to the latter part of the year. We continue to expect strong fourth quarter awards, driven in large part by international opportunities. For the quarter, international was 15% of our total company bookings and on a year-to-date basis, was 23%. For the year, we expect international to be in the range of 30% to 32% of total bookings. Notable awards in the quarter included $312 million at Missile Systems for SM-3 for Missile Defense Agency; $232 million for AIM-9X Sidewinder short-range air-to-air missiles for the U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force and international customers; $222 million for Standard Missile-6 for the U.S. Navy; and $177 million for Phalanx Weapon Systems for the U.S. Navy and international customers. Integrated Defense Systems booked $353 million on the Aegis weapons system for the U.S. Navy and $84 million on an international radar contract. IIS booked $253 million to design, develop and deliver technical training for a commercial customer and $162 million on a contract to provide intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance support to the U.S. Air Force. IIS also booked $145 million on domestic training programs and $85 million on foreign training programs in support of Warfighter FOCUS activities and $87 million for a ground control system program for the U.S. Air Force. And Space and Airborne Systems booked $271 million to develop the Next Generation Jammer for the U.S. Navy and $170 million on the Joint Polar Satellite System program for NASA. In addition, IIS and SAS booked $417 million and $164 million, respectively, on a number of classified programs. Okay. If you'd now move to Page 5, our sales performance in the quarter was ahead of guidance, driven by strong international performance. International sales increased approximately 6% in the quarter and were approximately 27% of total sales. Our domestic business declined by about 6%, and total company sales were down 3% in the quarter. Looking at the businesses. Each of the 4 either met or exceeded our expectations. IDS had third quarter 2013 net sales of $1.6 billion, in line with the same period last year. IIS net sales, $1.5 billion, were down slightly from the same period last year, primarily due to lower volume on classified and training programs. Missile Systems had third quarter 2013 net sales of $1.6 billion, also down slightly on a year-over-year basis. The change was primarily due to lower sales on U.S. Army sensor programs. And SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion, lower than the comparable period last year, primarily due to reduced volume on some of our ISR and classified programs. Moving ahead to Page 6. We're pleased by the strength of our overall company margins. Our adjusted margin was 13.7%. And on a year-to-date basis, our adjusted margin was 13.6%, up 10 basis points over the comparable period in 2012. The strength in our underlying margin in the quarter was due to a combination of our broad business base, particularly international, the timing of performance improvements and our overall execution. Over the past several quarters, we've provided you with updates on our cost efficiency and productivity initiatives, including supply chain optimization and the business unit consolidation. These initiatives are ongoing. The business unit consolidation efforts remained ahead of plan, and in the third quarter, we took the next steps by consolidating a number of our product lines within the new organizational structure. The cost savings that result from these efforts help drive our competitiveness, an important factor in our recent wins. So looking at business margins, all were in line or better than our expectations. IDS, IIS and SAS margins were all up in the quarter compared with the same period last year. Solid operational performance and favorable mix drove the improvements. At missiles, the margin was essentially in line with our expectations, but lower than the same period last year, primarily due to a change in contract mix. Overall, the company continues to perform well. If you'd move to Page 7, third quarter 2013 adjusted EPS was $1.60, and on a year-to-date basis, adjusted EPS was $4.80, up 3% from the same period last year. The year-to-date increase was driven by capital deployment actions, more specifically, share repurchases. On Page 8, I'd like to briefly comment on our updated outlook for 2013. Based on our performance through the third quarter, we are increasing our sales guidance by $100 million. We now expect full year 2013 net sales to be in the range of between $23.6 billion and $23.8 billion. Our guidance includes impacts from sequestration, a continuing resolution from the recent government shutdown. And as we've done in prior years, during the third quarter, we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of the update, FAS/CAS pension expense for the year decreased by $31 million from $286 million to $255 million. We increased our adjusted EPS guidance for the year by $0.10 to reflect the strong performance through the end of the third quarter. We see adjusted EPS of between $6.10 and $6.20. You should note that we also increased our 2013 guidance for GAAP EPS to between $5.67 and $5.77, which includes both the expected margin improvement for the year, as well as the impact of the updated full year FAS/CAS pension expense. As I mentioned earlier, we generated strong operating cash flow in the quarter. As a result, we have increased our 2013 guidance for operating cash flow from continuing operations by $100 million, and it's now between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion. And although not on the page, it's worth noting that we continue to see our bookings outlook for the year at about $23.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million. This outlook remains unchanged from our prior estimates. However, given sequestration and the shutdown, we are now biased toward the lower end of the estimate. On Page 9, we've included our guidance by business. We increased the sales range by $100 million for missiles, reflecting stronger-than-expected performance through the first 3 quarters of this year. The increase in margin guidance reflects our strong overall program execution and productivity initiatives to date, again, including the business consolidation. So if you could please move to Page 10. We've provided a FAS/CAS pension adjustment matrix for 2014, the same as we've done in prior years. Now just to be clear, the discount rate and the actual asset returns won't be known until we close out 2013. It is worth noting that given the current interest rate environment, we expect to see improvement to the FAS/CAS expense in 2014 compared to 2013 and to our prior outlook for 2014. Before we open it up for Q&A, let me summarize. The company continues to perform well in a tough and uncertain environment. We saw solid operating performance in the quarter and exceeded the sales, EPS and operating cash flow guidance we provided back in July. We continue to have a strong balance sheet with net debt of just over $800 million, which gives us considerable flexibility to operate effectively in the current environment. We are raising our sales, EPS and cash flow guidance for 2013. We remain well positioned with our domestic customers' priority areas and continue to be aligned with the evolving priorities of our global customers. Our overall execution, productivity initiatives and our focus on customer missions allow us to remain confident going forward. With that, Bill and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Joe Nadol from JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So just on the bookings that you're expecting for Q4, Bill, if you wouldn't mind reminding us of what -- you mentioned a few times there are some milestones that you [ph] put sanitized. It is an art, not a science, but what are you looking for to come through? And obviously, let's focus, in particular, on IDS?
William H. Swanson: Sounds good. As I said in my opening remarks, we do expect strong bookings for the year, particularly international, and there's several significant awards that we anticipate in the quarter. As I mentioned, every one of them has got a milestone plan that's associated with them. They're reviewed daily or weekly, depending on the business or the program. And I'm glad you mentioned more of an art than a science, and so I'll take you through the businesses because I think it's a better way to look at it, and I'll start with IDS since you mentioned it. IDS makes up about half of our expected Q4 bookings. I'll give you a range of about $4 billion or $5 billion worth of programs we're tracking. 2/3 of their bookings are international, really driven by a few large air and missile defense awards. Kuwait, I would start as the first one, a couple of fire [ph] units. It's currently moving through the parliament. It's been approved by the Ministry of Defense. And from our standpoint, everything is lined up for that to happen. They go through a process of reviewing it. Once they're done with that, the paperwork will come back to the U.S. and it will be signed and will be off and moving. In Oman, we're currently in negotiations for ground-based portion of the system. As you'll recall, Oman ordered AMRAAM missiles for their system in the second quarter, and we're working through the final details with them on that. Qatar is procuring a comprehensive missile defense system in phases, with Patriot and C2 being in the first phase. The CN was approved through Congress, and the LOA was delivered in August of this year. So we're working with them and the U.S. government, and the details of the LOA are working towards an award by the end of this year. And then domestically, the other balance, of course, I mentioned AMDR, but we're also expecting another, let me say, $400 million to $500 million worth of domestic missile defense awards. So that kind of makes up the $4 billion to $5 billion in IDS. If we look at IIS, the fourth quarter bookings should be about $1.5 billion, plus or minus. These are really driven by about $650 million in classified awards. Included in there is an international award that we'll announce, and the balance is really driven by training in space and engineering service programs. Missiles expect about $1.5 billion in Q4, plus or minus. We see bookings there for RAM, Paveway, SM and a potential TOW award. And on the domestic side, we expect orders for Standard Missile-3 in our core programs, including Phalanx, RAM and JSOW. And finally, SAS, about $2 billion, plus or minus. 30% of those will be in internationally, primarily driven by tactical airborne radars, about 20% in classified and CRAD areas and the remainder spread across our Air Force and Navy awards, attributable to tactical airborne systems, ISR and communications. That should give you a pretty good handle of the -- what we see in front of us finishing out the year. And hopefully, we won't get any more roadblocks thrown in front of us. The shutdown really took about 0.5 month out of everything and delayed everything, but we're moving forward and got a good pipeline.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, very helpful. I just had one quick one for Dave. IIS margins, looking a little perky. And maybe that's the...
William H. Swanson: That's [indiscernible]
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's a good word, right?
William H. Swanson: You haven't gotten that one before.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. Well, you popped your head out with it. A 9% -- up over the 9% level there. So is this sustainable or is this recovery of some of your restructuring cost? Because of course, that's where most of the restructuring took place. How should we think about that?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So Lynn Dugle continues to do an excellent job managing that business and the consolidation. The third quarter margins were driven by improved program efficiencies across the business, and that supported the increase in the full year margin guidance. We do see the margins in Q4 not quite as perky. They moderate somewhat. And this is primarily due to the timing of the performance improvements that we had previously expected in the fourth quarter with -- shifted into the third, essentially, and that was specifically in the area of the domestic training programs. Also, we begin to ramp up and transition on a new commercial training program that I referred to at around $160 million or so in the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a brief sort of high-level question. It's that time of the year that business planning process has come together, and I know you're not giving 2014 guidance until next quarter. But if you were to pick in sort of broad brush strokes about how you're looking at next year in whatever framework, whether it's existing versus new business, domestic versus international, any color you could kind of provide us for how you're thinking about the world? I realized it's tough to have a crystal ball in this environment. But any color you can provide us on how you're thinking about next year would be helpful.
William H. Swanson: Yes. Let me fly around about 40,000 feet, and Dave's giving me the sign to say I should be at 50,000 feet, so I'll go to 50,000 feet. We're not on virtual. You can see him sitting next to me here. But anyway, it's really hard to look at it. I mean, I would tell you, we're planning for sequestration to continue. I mean, that's the environment we're in. I'd like to think that this budget process is not working. I've grown up in an industry where we have appropriations bill. There was a sequence to what we're doing. You could see it, you could plan on it. Today, we operate under CRs. We have another one that goes to January 15. We have a House and Senate committee, they're reviewing -- hopefully, they'll take a stab at revenue and entitlement, and if successful, could lead to maybe a postponement of the gap and sequestration until people figure it out. But with all of that going on and the turmoil and planning for the BCA to continue, I would tell you that '14 feels a lot like '13. I don't know how else to describe it. Revenue should be down just slightly, driven by domestic. I think the margins should continue to be strong. And the company is expected to have strong cash generation. That's about 50,000 feet, and I could put some -- a lot of qualifiers on that, that you all know, but that's kind of how it feels now, and we'll see what comes out of Congress. And hopefully, we can get ourselves back to some stability and really focusing on doing even more for our customers and our shareholders.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bill, when do you think we actually get a '15 budget request? Is that going to be delayed in your view?
William H. Swanson: It's really hard to say, I would tell you. From what I understand, our customers are planning 2 budgets. Which one gets submitted, I can't tell you. That's a product of somebody else making that decision. I just know that American industry really likes to have some finality in what we do. And if you give us a number, we know how to put our strategies and plans in place to make that happen. So I'd say, right now, it's a jump all, and we've got 2 budgets going on until we figure out what's going on. And we're all trying to make sure that this committee really does the hard job of getting to a decision here.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit more about the buyback? Just if I look at your updated guidance, you're now towards the higher end of the share count and I would have expected to see you have to increase the pace to get the shares down for the year. So how are you just thinking about buyback and why you might be doing a little bit less this year than you thought last quarter?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So I appreciate the question. We were in line from a dollar standpoint in Q3 with Q2 and also Q1. We made a conscious decision to maintain that level of repurchases as the prior 2 quarters. With that said, we continue to see the repurchase plan consistent with what I said on the last earnings call. So more specifically, we expect our share repurchases in the back half of this year in dollar terms to be modestly higher than the first half. So let me be clear, the fourth quarter, at this stage, the planning assumption is that we would be, in dollar terms, well in excess of where we were in Q3. So I hope that helps.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That does help. And Bill, if I can ask you a question, just looking at the Turkey decision, and price sounds like that was a big issue, can you just talk about whether price is becoming a bigger driver in some of these international discussions?
William H. Swanson: I think, clearly, Turkey as a country, made a decision, and they decided to do it based on price. In my experience, in price, when you buy that way, you don't get all the capabilities you want, and so they're going to have to deal with that. The second part of it is you have to integrate it into NATO, which is going to be difficult at best and will not happen as quick as people want it to happen. From our standpoint, they've started the negotiation process. We'll see what happens. But if Turkey runs into problems, we remain positioned and stand ready to help them with Patriot. To get to your overall question, clearly, I'm an engineer by training and a technologist, I'd like to think of myself that way. And people, when they look at U.S. systems, they are still state-of-the-art. What people don't realize is that life cycle costs really run into these decisions. And if you don't take that into account, you're going to be really sorry with some stuff you bought. And we know of systems around the world produced by other countries that aren't working and can't be [ph] manned. And you have to almost learn that lesson the hard way. So we'll see what happens here.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Doug Harned from Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'd like to follow on that because we've seen a few things going on in the Middle East. There's been the Turkey decision. We've seen -- since Mandar [ph] made some rather provocative statements about looking outside of the U.S. relationship to acquire defense systems. U.A.E. is looking at Eurofighter. Are you seeing any shifts in the Middle East in terms of how people are thinking of the relationship with the U.S.? I think, certainly, we provide the highest quality systems, but it does seem as though there's at least a lot of rhetoric today about looking elsewhere.
William H. Swanson: It's a great question, Doug, and something I always think about, but I have a term we use here that -- it's the area under the curve. So if you draw it over time, that curve and the area under it, Raytheon has a long-standing, strong, enduring relationships, not just in the Mid East, but around the world. And due to our international experience, we continue to operate in the regions, or especially the Mid East, since you brought that up, over many decades and there's ebbs and flows in that relationship among governments. But I have always felt, when I've looked at it, our customers stay with us because they recognize that we consistently deliver value and equipment to them to be able to handle the threat environment that they're in. So you could take any slice of that curve over time and probably find something that isn't going well. But the area under the curve is one that really matters. And we still get a phone call now and then, or at least I do, that says, "Would you go do something?" And we'll go off and start based on a handshake. And I think that's what it's all about. But clearly, there's geopolitical things happening today that are getting everybody's attention, and we've got to work our way through that, and I'm hopeful that will happen.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Well -- and then, separately, walking around AUSA this week, it felt somewhat like a wake, frankly. I mean, the Army budget is under a great deal of pressure. And when you think about Raytheon's exposure to the Army, how do you see your major programs in terms of the level of risk under potentially a bearish scenario as opposed to an opportunity under a more bullish scenario should we happen to see that?
William H. Swanson: I think, right now, you probably said it right. The Army is under the most pressure. They have the largest headcount of any of the services, and the hard choices are strategically, how do you handle the future, do you do it with a smaller service? Do you do it that's more mobile, more light, and how do you think through that? And when you come from very high numbers to a smaller number, it really makes it hard for them to do that, plus planning, do they have sequester, don't they have sequester? That's really tough on them. We're really trying to work with them in any way we can. But Dave and I would both tell you that, from our standpoint, planning for sequester, we know exactly in our minds what the Army will be doing and that's in our forecast as we look at things. And we're not centric around any one service. And from that standpoint, we could weather the storm and why our portfolio is probably in better shape than others.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: But do you see -- when you look at your Army exposure today and you look out the next couple of years, is this something where you would see an area of continuing downward pressure? In other words, perhaps, one of the weaker areas across the portfolio of the company?
William H. Swanson: No, no, I don't because we're not in the platform business or vehicle business or the areas where the armies happen to make those tough calls. So if you look at air and missile defense, clearly, they've done the Patriot upgrades just this month. We announced another Patriot order from the Army. They're going to protect our core systems. They're going to fund them. They're going to make their upgrades, and we'll do it that way. I mean -- and then eventually, what has to happen, which is our strength, is you've got to refresh. And I've always said, this is a speed bump. You slow down going into it, you go over the top, come down and then you speed up as quick as you can. And from our standpoint, we're making sure our technology and our capabilities are lined up for the Army of the future, not the Army of the past.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Dave, I want to push back a little bit on your comment that the book-to-bill would be close to 1. I mean, what it implies is that fourth quarter orders got to be up nearly 50% from the third quarter. For perspective, Q4 '12 bookings were 8% above Q3 and Q4 '11 was only 3% above Q3. So what makes this year so much different that you'd be up 50% relative to Q3 versus the prior 2 years?
David C. Wajsgras: So George, you're free to push back. Okay, that's part one.
William H. Swanson: [indiscernible] know about this.
David C. Wajsgras: George, I wouldn't expect anything less. So firstly, let me...
William H. Swanson: Glad you're laughing, George.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. Let me start by stating the obvious that the bookings are always lumpy. They have been in the past. They will be going forward. From a cadence standpoint, for this year, the bookings profile hasn't changed meaningfully from what we were seeing back in April. So I think that's an important data point. There has been some shifts. And for example, Bill mentioned some of our opportunities in the Middle East. The Kuwait Patriot opportunity, which we now see being awarded in Q4, did shift from what we had earlier anticipated. And with that said, I'm not going to repeat all the details that Bill just went through, I believe, with a question earlier from Joe Nadol. But frankly, if we weren't confident with our fourth quarter bookings outlook, we wouldn't suggest that as the estimates. I also said, during my formal remarks earlier, George, that we are now biased toward the lower end of the range that we've been suggesting for a while now. And that's principally due to a couple of things shifting out, as well as the government shutdowns. So we see some of the process on a few smaller FMS potentials potentially moving into early next year.
George Shapiro: But just -- Dave, I would think, and I don't remember exactly, that each of the last couple of years, there were always moving shifts. You're suggesting the shifts are greater this year than what we've seen in the past?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, yes, they have been. We are now in sequestration. So there has been some movement to the right, maybe more so than prior years. You'll also recall that last year's third quarter was nothing short of a banner quarter for the company. We were awarded some very large programs, particularly in our missiles business. So the comp to last year is also quite difficult. George, Bill went through a number of opportunities earlier, somewhere in the neighborhood of, I don't know, $8 billion to $10 billion of opportunity. We have thousands of programs. He just went through the more significant ones from a dollar standpoint. Again, we're quite confident in where we sit today and as we look into '14.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Bill, on the Next Generation Jammer and the AMDR, do you have any clarity on when these things might come off protest or when the protest might be resolved?
William H. Swanson: Yes, there's a pretty standard -- let me say, if you go by the standard dates, that's usually about 100 days, which Next Generation Jammer would be at the end of this month and AMDR would be in January. And so it's probably the best way for me to peg it for you. And they're pretty good at holding their timelines, unless an issue pops up that needs to be clarified.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And do all these -- do these constant protests have an impact on the customer relationship?
William H. Swanson: Yes, they do. I mean, you've got to be very careful when you protest that if you impugn your customer during the protest by inferring they don't know what they're doing, that's probably not something that I'd recommend in the process. If it's done on purely business reasons or on the process and you don't impugn somebody, you're probably okay. But somehow, sometimes, protests get personal or emotional, and we're trying to stay away from that, if that helps.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And Dave, just a quick one for you. On the pension, I was wondering if you could give us an update on what your returns are year-to-date and also, what you're using as your interest rate calculation at this point?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. As of yesterday, because I was thinking ahead and I was quite sure that I get this question, the returns are in excess of 11% from the pension plan assets. So the team is doing a good job there. From an interest rate standpoint, today, we're at -- from a discount rate standpoint, today, we're at 4.15%. The -- as we go forward, that is reset on the last day of the year through a process we use with our outside actuaries, essentially modeling a hypothetical bond portfolio. Given everything that we're seeing, if we were to set it today, it would be roughly 50 basis points to 75 basis points higher. But again, I can't suggest that's where it's going to be on 12/31. We just have to wait and close out the year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Spingarn from Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Bill, I wanted to go out a little longer term on international missile defense and get a sense of your visibility into your future opportunities once we get through these 3 Mid East contracts that you mentioned earlier.
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think if you look at missile defense, it's one of the key areas going forward. The other part of missile defense is it never stands still from my standpoint, have been doing this a long time. When you realize you need missile defense, you put it in, then you go through the training to get your troops up to speed. But the threat keeps evolving and changing. And with that, most of our systems are open architecture or they're designed in a way that their software upgradable. But also, the interceptors have to change and their ability to be able to discriminate against targets that might have different spoofing mechanisms to try and overcome the systems that exist. So it's a process that keeps on going. And if you look at it, we've gone through iterations of Patriot to make it the most advanced in the world and of course, Standard Missile-3 is doing that, our TPY-2 radars are doing that. So you have a nice customer base, but also, other countries realize that they have to be able to prepare themselves for future missile defense. So to me, it's a nice market. It's a nice community of customers that realize that they've got to do this and may make the long term commitments to keep it ongoing, if that helps.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Would you say that there's a natural growth rate in the business that you use as a rule of thumb or a sustainment level for the upgrade that we could think about?
William H. Swanson: Yes, you probably could. It's -- we -- our term here that we use is P3I, pre-planned product improvements. And it's one of the things that our engineers and program leaders really always work on is that, "Okay, we're here today. Where do we have to be tomorrow, and where do we have to be beyond that?" And then our engineering leaders look at our gaps to figure out what we have to do. I mean, it's why we made a decision 10 years ago on GaN to be able to get higher efficiency to have our systems consume less power, be able to manage the bandwidth and be able to discriminate in a way that no one else can do and work constantly, pushing the envelope today and tomorrow and well into the future. So we look at it as a way, and it's an avenue that provides us some market entry point for our new technology once we've got the reliability and everything worked out. And by the way, these new technologies help reduce the cost or provide better affordability. But in my world, what I really enjoy is the systems are more reliable. They take less maintenance, less life cycle cost, fewer spares, and so customers really want to upgrade. It's much like if you think about the server marketplace that people are constantly upgrading servers, and they do that in a way they give more capable, more memory at a less price. They consume less energy. So you want to upgrade because you can reduce your overall cost going forward, while handling an advanced threat into the future, if that helps.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It does. And I just have a quick one for Dave. Dave, you've mentioned earlier, when you started your prepared remarks, that you, generally, across the board, outperformed your guidance water [ph]. But were there any specific areas of weakness that were maybe unexpected, embedded in there? And are these -- could you speak to any? And is there something that could carry into the fourth quarter?
David C. Wajsgras: Candidly, there's nothing that comes to mind that was a surprise from a downside or challenge standpoint. The businesses across the board performed well. Missiles was down a little bit. That was primarily driven by the runout of an international production program. The follow-on contract to that is ramping up in Q4. Cash across the board was strong. Bookings were inside of our expectations on Q3. So frankly, I didn't see any surprises to give any pause as we move ahead in the fourth quarter.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Would that also apply to SAS just where the sales growth was, I guess, the most negative? And I guess, there's a lot of classified in there, but anything there?
David C. Wajsgras: No. You'll recall back in April, when we sized up the impact of sequestration on some of the quick-turn business, some of our services and classified business for this year, we had anticipated essentially what played out at SAS.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Howard Rubel from Jefferies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So there's really 2 things. One, on strategic, for a moment. I mean, you've been very deliberate in using R&D to go after market share that way. But are you -- is there anything that's changed in this environment? You talk about small contractors possibly struggling a bit. Did they need your help financially as well as operationally?
William H. Swanson: Yes, Howard. It's -- as a company, you've heard me talk about the supply base, and especially minority or small-owned businesses, they are the heartbeat of this country. And for some of them, they're really key to what we do. So we work with them and try and help them in any way. We send Six Sigma teams in to some of our suppliers to help them be more competitive, that's good for us and it's good for them. We've sent people in to help on technical issues. And financially, if they're in trouble, we'll sit down and work with them to figure out what we can do to be able to get through this. I mean, the shutdown was really hard. I mean, we spent time every day trying to figure out how to make sure that people were getting paid. How did we move, work around? I mean, one of the beauties in our company is with our common systems and processes. We were able to do things, and it identifies areas for us real quick. But it is an area that, as a person that's been in this industry my whole career, I worry what we're doing to that, into the business, as a country.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then maybe just to talk about the fourth quarter for a moment. It's very unusual for IDS to be down versus the third quarter, both in terms of profitability -- or profits and profitability and volumes. And I'm sure some of it is attributable to push out of international business. But could you talk a little bit more, Dave, about some of the comparisons there and why that's evolved that way?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. Let me talk about sales first, and I'll follow-up with a margin profile. So sales for IDS was up 3.3% year-to-date, but it didn't moderate, as you noted, in Q3, and it's down in Q4, primarily driven by shifts to the right with some of our domestic awards, including Space Fence, which is now anticipated early in 2014, as well as a naval radar program awarded in the last week of Q3. And I noted earlier with one of your colleagues that the Kuwait Patriot program is now expected in the fourth quarter. So from a margin standpoint, that business, IDS, continued strong performance in the third quarter, again, driven by favorable international air and missile defense contract mix, as well as some performance improvements that we had previously or earlier expected in the fourth quarter. You'll note here that we did raise the full year margin guidance by about 20 basis points. Now looking more specifically at the fourth quarter, margins are impacted by the timing of EAC adjustments as well as mix. Specifically, recall in the last call, Howard, in the last earnings call, we noted that the cadence of the performance improvements in this business was weighted to the first half of the year. So we also saw a continued strength from that in the third quarter. Now that, coupled with a change in contract mix, does impact and lower the margins that we now expect in the fourth quarter. And just lastly, and as you're aware, we typically see lower margins at the inception of some programs which can, and do in a lot of cases, improve over time as we retire risk and implement operating efficiencies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, I get that. I mean, it's a fairly -- I mean, theirs [ph] either was fairly substantial improvement for the -- this is a more normal level until you see some of this other business come home.
David C. Wajsgras: No, I would say that -- don't assume that the fourth quarter becomes the run rate for next year. I think you probably should look at it -- the trailing 12-month average and expect the ramp-up on the bookings in the fourth quarter to take place. I would say essentially in Q2, 3 and 4 of next year.
Operator: That question will come from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Bill, a quick question for you and then one for David as well. Bill, you mentioned that there's some change in the regulatory environment that moves things from State over to Commerce. Is this the case that it's opening up new markets for you? And if so, what's the -- what are the size of those markets? Or does this just give you better competitive standing out there in the marketplace? And then, Dave, I think Bill mentioned the cash flow would be "robust" next year. If you could offer up some building blocks for us to get a sense of relative to this year, what are going to be the positives, what are going to be negatives as we look at cash flow next year?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. I'll -- yes, let me take the cash flow question. So as we have done in the past, we continue to be very effective with respect to our overall cash cycle from a business standpoint. It's not just the finance group, it's the overall company. We've continued to see a healthy cash conversion from an earnings perspective and from a process perspective. We are in the process of setting up milestones and performance payments to the -- with respect to the awards that we see in Q4 and in the first half of next year, that should be healthy. We're looking at a continued improvement from an overall collections standpoint. I would say those are really the drivers as we move into next year. Internationally, more -- and more specifically, we do see the potential and the likelihood of some advances with respect to our international business. It's traditionally the way international business is affected. So I think taken together, Bill and I or -- and Tom Kennedy are in full agreement that we're continuing to see healthy cash flow as we move in to '14.
William H. Swanson: And thanks, Dave. I'll finish up here with the -- with your question on international. On some items, when they move from State to -- over to Commerce, there are items that allow the process to move a lot quicker. We sell in 82 countries around the world. We've sold over -- to over 115, I think, roughly over time, but we have 82 active. I don't really see it opening up to more countries. I just see it being more fit -- more efficient for us. We can be better at it. But I think what's more important that I mentioned in the last part of that is that we see our DOD consumer leaning forward for us. If you look at Dep Sec Def, Dr. Carter was over in India speaking to them about what we can to be -- open it up, make it easier for both countries to do business. That's one example. The other one is on the 15th of this month, 2 CMs went over on JSOW, notified the Congress. I didn't mention those in my remarks because that'll be early '14 items. That will be about $1 billion to $2 billion worth of that particular product line, and that's one where our customers are helping us. Because if you think about it, by having those in our factories, those help reduce the overheads, keep the lines hot and actually make the product more affordable for our domestic customers. So if there's one thing I'm really encouraged about and I feel good about is how we both are looking at why international is good for us domestically, as well as internationally. So I'm encouraged by the process. I'm -- with everything being thrown at us, it's -- I put that on the real positive side.
David C. Wajsgras: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter conference call in January. Frances?
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect. Enjoy your day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Former Vice President of Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committe David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Frances. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief questions -- or brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill. Bill?
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. The company continued to perform well in the second quarter. Sales, margins, EPS and cash flow were all ahead of expectation on strong international sales growth. Our solid execution on productivity initiatives is helping to drive both our financial performance and our ability to provide affordable solutions for our customers. Combining these initiatives with our technology investments and innovation yields a powerful strategy that continues to show positive results. We remain confident in our overall outlook and have raised our EPS guidance for the year. Let me take a minute to update you regarding the progress of our business consolidation efforts. We've successfully consolidated from 6 businesses to 4. Our investments in common systems have enabled us to move swiftly through the consolidation process. We're ahead of plan and are already seeing tangible results. With the new structure in place, the team has been identifying additional opportunities to drive cost savings by streamlining product lines and reducing footprint and fixed costs. Further, we see potential for additional product synergies across the company. We're pleased with the progress we've made, and as always, we're challenging our teams to do more. In the U.S., the debate surrounding near and long-term resource allocation to national security is ongoing. Congress and the administration continue to work toward a compromise on the fiscal '14 budget and are not there yet. Current versions of the budget don't include sequestration, and barring some type of grand bargain, the defense budget ultimately will need to be reconciled with the cap spelled out in the Budget Control Act of 2011, which is about $50 billion lower than the currently proposed levels. The outcome remains unclear, but as we've said all along, we remain focused on executing our strategy and managing the business in order to deliver the best value for our customers and shareholders, whatever the environment. International continues to be a key driver of the business. In the second quarter, international grew by 10% compared to last year's second quarter and was 27% of total sales. International also represents 26% of bookings in the quarter. Last month, as we've done many times in the past, we attended one of the largest aerospace industry events in the world, Paris Air Show. We met with a number of international customers. In fact, Raytheon hosted over 1,400 guests and the largest number of delegations ever, reflecting a 16% increase compared to the last time we were there in 2011. This demonstrates the significant global interest we continue to see for our technology and our innovative solutions. The timing of international awards is always difficult to peg with certainty. In the quarter, we made notable progress. Oman ordered AMRAAM missiles for their ground-based air defense system, and we're now in the final negotiations for the remaining part of the program. We continue to make progress in both Qatar and Kuwait Patriot, as well as both of which are expected in the second half of the year. We were thrilled to be selected for the F-16 RACR program by South Korea early in the second quarter. These are always tough competitions, and we're awaiting word on the next one, Taiwan's F-16 radar upgrade led by the U.S. Air Force. A decision is expected soon. As some of you know, we were expecting Next Generation Jammer program to be awarded in the second quarter. Instead, it occurred right after the close. This was a key competitive win for the company, and it solidifies Raytheon's position as a premier electronic warfare provider. The Next Generation Jammer is a critical component of our enterprise-wide EW strategy, which was launched back in 2011. This strategy aligns us with our customers' evolving requirements to address the increasingly sophisticated anti-access and area denial threats that are emerging globally. A significant factor behind our innovative approach to Next Gen Jammer competition was our ability to leverage the investments we've made in gallium nitride or GaN technology. We've been investing in GaN for the past decade, and our in-house technology development in this area is a huge competitive discriminator, allowing us to increase the power and improve the efficiency of our offering. And importantly, this positions us well for future competitions. While offering innovative solutions can be a competitive advantage, making them affordable is equally as important. The benefits we derive from our supply chain, Global Business Services and recent business consolidation initiatives, for example, allow us to offer improved affordability for our customers without compromising our financial performance. This is critical in today's economic environment, where customers have limited resources available to achieve their missions. Given this, Raytheon's ability to execute is key, and our continued solid operating performance is a testament to the dedication of the Raytheon team. I want to thank them for all that they do, for continually rising to the challenges and for remaining focused on our mission, which is customer success. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. I have a few opening remarks starting with the second quarter highlights, and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I will be referring to the Web slides that we issued earlier this morning. So if everyone could please move to Page 3. We performed well in the second quarter. Our adjusted EPS of $1.64 was up 4%, driven by continued operational improvement and capital deployment actions. Adjusted operating margin was 13.7%, up 10 basis points compared to last year's second quarter. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted operating margin was 13.5%, up 20 basis points. Sales of $6.1 billion were up 2% compared with last year's second quarter. We exceeded the high end of our prior guidance, and I'll discuss the reasons in just a minute. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was approximately $200 million better than last year, primarily due to the timing of our required pension contributions. We're increasing our full year EPS guidance, which I'll address further in just a few minutes as well, along with other updates to our 2013 outlook. During the quarter, the company repurchased 3.4 million shares of common stock for $225 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 7.6 million shares for $450 million. In the quarter, we consolidated from 6 businesses to 4 and are now reporting in the new structure. In the attachment that accompany the press release, we've recast our historical results going back to 2011 to reflect the consolidation. Just as a reminder, we combined 2 of our former businesses, IIS and RTSC, to form the new Intelligence, Information and Services business. We also moved the previous NCS product lines to the remaining Raytheon businesses. Additionally, we realigned some of our smaller product lines across Raytheon to enhance complementary product areas. These moves allow us to further streamline operations, leverage customer synergies and reduce our overhead costs. Turning now to Page 4. Let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $5.3 billion and on a year-to-date basis were $8.9 billion. Second quarter bookings were impacted by the timing of a few potential awards, including Next Gen Jammer, Kuwait Patriot and Aegis multi-year. Looking back at our trailing 4 quarters, our book-to-bill is about 1, driven by our strong bookings in the back half of 2012. As I mentioned on the last 2 calls, we continue to see the order book back-end loaded for 2013. We're making progress on a number of opportunities. For example, as we just discussed, we were awarded Next Gen Jammer after the close of the quarter and we're in final negotiations on an air defense system for the country of Oman. We expect the book-to-bill ratio to expand in the second half, and our bookings outlook remains unchanged for the year. For the quarter, international was 26% of our total company bookings. For the year, we now expect international to be in the range of 30% to 32% of total company bookings. Notable awards in the quarter included $543 million at Missile Systems for AMRAAM for the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy and international customers. MS also booked $228 million for SM-3 and $224 million on EKV, both for the Missile Defense Agency, as well as $132 million on Paveway for international customers and $98 million for the JSOW for the U.S. Navy and international customers. IIS booked $582 million for domestic training and $117 million for foreign training in support of the Warfighter FOCUS Program. Integrated Defense Systems booked $93 million for in-service support for the Royal Australian Navy and $85 million on the Standard Terminal Automation Replacement System program for the FAA. And Space and Airborne Systems booked $78 million for the production of electronic warfare systems for an international customer. In addition, IIS and SAS booked $252 million and $351 million, respectively, on a number of classified programs. Backlog at the end of the second quarter was $32.4 billion. It's worth noting that approximately 37% of our backlog is from international programs. If you now move to Page 5, we're pleased with our sales performance in the quarter, which was ahead of our expectation and, importantly, driven by strong international performance. Our international business increased by approximately 10% in the quarter. This was partially offset by our domestic business, which declined about 1%. For the second quarter, our international sales were approximately 27% of total sales. Looking at the businesses, all were at or above our expectations. IDS had second quarter 2013 net sales of $1.7 billion, up 9% from the comparable period last year. The increase was primarily due to higher sales on various international air and missile defense programs. IIS net sales of about $1.6 billion were essentially in line with the same period last year. Missile Systems had second quarter 2013 net sales of $1.7 billion, an increase of 7% on a year-over-year basis. The increase was primarily due to higher sales on SM-3 and an international Paveway program. And SAS had net sales of $1.6 billion, down from the comparable period last year, primarily due to the timing of classified programs. Now moving ahead to Page 6. We're pleased by the improvement in our overall company margins, driven by program performance at IDS. Our adjusted margin was 13.7%, an increase of 10 basis points. And on the year-to-date basis, our margin was 13.5%, up 20 basis points over the comparable period in 2012. The strength in our underlying margin in the quarter was due to our continued focus on execution. As I mentioned earlier, we're pleased with the progress that we made with our consolidation initiative. We've completed the initial phases of the business consolidation and have realigned our key product lines. We believe these efforts will drive improved affordability for our customers and improve our competitiveness. It bears noting that our consolidation efforts are only one element of our overall focus on productivity. Other key aspects include strategic sourcing, where we're optimizing our supply chain, as well as our facility utilization efforts. We are consolidating facilities to improve utilization and further reduce our fixed cost base. So looking at the business margins, all were in line or better than our expectations. IDS's margin was up in the quarter compared with the same period last year. Solid operational performance and favorable mix drove the improvement. Margins for IIS and Missile were essentially in line with our expectations, and SAS was slightly ahead. Overall, the company continues to perform well. So if you now move to Page 7. Second quarter 2013 adjusted EPS was $1.64, up 4%. The increase was driven by operational improvement and capital deployment actions, more specifically, share repurchases. And on a year-to-date basis, adjusted EPS was $3.20, up 5% from the same period last year. On Page 8, I would like to briefly comment on our updated outlook for 2013. Based on our performance year-to-date, we have narrowed our sales guidance range, raising the low end by $300 million. We now expect our full year 2013 net sales to be in the range of between $23.5 billion and $23.7 billion with a bias towards the high end. The second half of the year assumes impacts from both sequestration and now a continuing resolution in the fourth quarter. You'll note that we raised our full year 2013 EPS guidance by $0.25 on the low end and by $0.20 on the high end. We now expect to be between $5.51 and $5.61, and on an adjusted basis for adjusted EPS to be between $6 and $6.10. The increase is essentially driven by performance and also includes about $0.05 from the expected benefits of our business consolidation. Additionally, we are projecting a slightly improved tax rate and a reduced share count. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.4 million shares of common stock for $225 million, and on a year-to-date basis, have purchased 7.6 million shares for $450 million. Our strong cash generation does give us some flexibility with respect to near-term capital deployment actions. Overall, we've improved our outlook compared to the initial plan for 2013 that we first spoke to in January, and this is reflected in our updated share count guidance. In dollar terms, we now expect share repurchases in the back half of the year to be modestly higher than in the first half of the year. And although not on the page, it's worth noting that we still see our bookings outlook for the year in the range of $23.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million. This outlook is unchanged from our prior estimates. Now if you turn to Page 9. We've raised the low end of our sales guidance range for each of our businesses. The increase in margin guidance reflects our strong overall program execution and productivity initiatives, including the business consolidation. On Page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, earnings per share and operating cash flow from continuing operations for the balance of 2013. Now before we open it up for Q&A, let me summarize. We saw solid operating performance in the second quarter and exceeded the sales, EPS, margin and operating cash flow guidance we provided back in April despite the challenging environment. As we look to the balance of the year, the pipeline of international and domestic opportunities is strong. We continue to move forward with our productivity initiatives and are very pleased with our progress to date. These efforts bode well for our customers and our shareholders, and we're confident in our outlook for the year. So with that, Bill and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a few quick ones. First, Dave, on the IDS margin performance, you called out in your prepared remarks both favorable mix and strong performance. I wondered if you might parse that out a bit for us, if you can, to kind of separate the impact of mix versus what may have been some favorable EAC adjustments.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure, so the performance is reflected in our EAC adjustments. I appreciate the way you articulated the question. And that's up for IDS, it's up about $24 million in the quarter. And as you just noted that business is also impacted by a change in mix, driven by the strong international sales in the quarter. The weighting of the improvement, I would say, is more towards the performance side than the mix side.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And one for Bill, just wondered if you'd expand a little bit more on Next Gen Jammer. I mean, obviously, it seems like all we ever talked about these days is capital deployment and bookings, but obviously, it's a big competitive win for you guys. And you hinted at how this would enhance your EW offering and future competitions. I wondered if you might expand a little bit on that and how you see this impacting the business over the long term, and in kind of general terms, just interested in any color you can share there.
William H. Swanson: No, it's a great question. In 2011, we started really putting the focus on EW. I mean, clearly for us, we are an electronics house, AESAs and that type of technology is what we really kind of hug around here, I guess no better way to say it. And our SAS business out in California, teaming up with our Missile business and our IDS business worked very hard on this offering. I can add some color, this Next Generation Jammer replaces the ALQ-99. And for me, it's a little personal. It's the first program I ever worked on in Raytheon, so it will tell you how long ALQ-99 has been around.
David C. Wajsgras: Bill, it's not that long.
William H. Swanson: But it's -- when you think about it, there aren't many opportunities like this. This program is a program, by executing it right, people will be able to start and finish their careers on it. And from that standpoint, it's a hallmark program. They don't come around that long. The competition was conducted by NAVAIR, who is probably one of the best in the business at evaluating technology and what they're looking for. And clearly, for us, our GaN technology allowed us to meet the weight and the power requirements, which were extremely difficult on this. Why it was important, I think is where you're coming from, is back in '11, we saw that things were going to start winding down in Iraq and Afghanistan someday. And when that happens, our forward presence changes. And when your forward presence changes, now you have to think about the world differently, how do you get in, do what you have to do and get out without anyone getting hurt. And electronic warfare is the way that you can do that. You deny your enemy the capabilities that he needs to be able to deny you that access. So for us, we saw this, and we've been working on it here for some time. And I'm really proud of our SAS business because this was one of the toughest competitions around, and everybody knew it was probably the last big one for some time in EW, and it just solidifies us in that marketplace, not only domestically but internationally. And that was what was really key. I hope that color helps.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joe Nadol from JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Bill, I was wondering if you could -- I know you mentioned a couple of the international missile defense pursuits in your opening remarks. But if we could just take a step back, maybe if you could characterize the way you're looking at, on a multi-year basis where we are in terms of international missile defense demand. Is there a replacement cycle or an upgrade cycle that's going on here? How much of the strength that you're expecting to see in the second half of the year is really sustainable into 2014 and 2015? Where are we in this whole cycle?
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think the way I would say is that we are probably in the second or third inning, if I wanted to relate it to a baseball game. And from that standpoint, there are still innings to play. The nice part about Raytheon's portfolio, whether it be the standard missile family, whether it be our radar family in a sense of, I affectionately call our big radars that we do, dinosaurs. They're one of a kind, they are big, and they do hang around for a long time, but they also reflect the latest technology in the world. Our TPY-2s are in demand for anyone that wants to be able to detect something. They are the only radars like it in the world. And the company has the ability now to remote launch, which means if you can detect it someplace, you can launch from another place. And you tie that all together with command and control or your air and missile defense systems. So for me, this is early. We see plenty of opportunities. The Mid East, even parts of Europe, especially Asia, too, all need this capability. So I feel pretty good about the company's ability to go do that. And we've got a lot more innings to go play here.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, that's a lot earlier -- I was going to say a lot earlier in the game than I would've thought you would have said. Is this about existing customers that we've seen the last couple of years coming back and buying more? Is it new technologies they are going to buying? How would you characterize that?
William H. Swanson: I would characterize it from a standpoint that some have the capability and there's a lot that don't. Some that have the capability, one of the things, if you have the infrastructure in place, you have what we call P3I, preplanned product improvements. And we can help them in discrimination, we can help them tie it in together into their net. So it's -- there's many facets to missile defense. And no one's at the stage of where the United States is. That's why I probably put it in the early innings because you asked me about international. If you had asked me domestically, here, we might provide them our radar, too. And we've got more standard missiles to deliver. But the rest of the world needs to catch up to the U.S., if that helps.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just -- it does. And then just one quick one for Dave. When you announced your restructuring in March, you noted there will be $85 million of cost savings, but it wasn't going to impact financial guidance. I was wondering, now that we see first half results, if you could give us any sense as to where the realignment has impacted numbers, and what we should be thinking about for the second half of the year in that regard as well?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So Tom Kennedy, our recently appointed Executive Vice President and COO, led the effort on the business consolidation. We have exceeded our scheduled milestone objectives. When I initially looked to 2013, I suggested that from a financial performance perspective, the cost of implementation would essentially offset the financial benefits, the savings. Given what we've been able to accomplish, we're now seeing about a $0.05 impact in a positive way for the year. And that's included in our guidance. There was a couple of cents in the second quarter and about $0.03 in the back half of the year. Also, our overall gross savings from the program, we had initially set up a target of about $85 million, and we are now well in excess of that number from a forecast standpoint.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And we're seeing that in segment operating income?
David C. Wajsgras: That's a good question, Joe. You're seeing it across the board in the 4 segments.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Doug Harned from Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I wanted to follow on that, on the organization. So the improvement in margins, Dave, you referred to that as partially due to improved performance and -- this is the guidance, and partially due to the benefits of consolidation. But if we consider that you've got onetime implementation costs associated with that for this year, would we expect that the benefit is actually somewhat more than what we're seeing here and we should see that probably in the next year, in '14?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, remember, much of that, and at some point, all of that, goes back to our customers. And that's just the way this business works, it's the way the industry works. It does make us more competitive as we go forward. There will be some benefit in 2014, but again, there is a where away given the contracts expire and the new contracts come online and need to be negotiated with our new cost structure.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Understanding that the fixed price component of your business has gone up some over time, that benefit might be greater, I would think, than it would've been in the past in terms of...
David C. Wajsgras: That's correct. That's a good way to think about it. That's a fair way to think about it.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then also on the organization, I know, Bill, you've said in the past that the new structure gives you some synergies that are beyond costs, basically the ability to do C4ISR better, things like that, that can work for international customers. What I'm interested in here is how much more can that get you? You have a huge presence right now, particularly in missile defense. Where do you see the upside actually coming out by being able to integrate things better in this new organization?
William H. Swanson: I think I saw -- I was at the Paris Air Show, sat down with one of our customers, I won't say which one or which business. So we were sitting there. And they have an existing contract. They are going to be signing a new contract with us. And we were at the table, and they started to talk about a problem in one service, another through a different service. And all of a sudden, they're sitting there and we have both right at the table and are underneath 1 person, and it's fixed instantaneously. There was no debate, no nothing, surface done, finished. And just -- it would've taken some coordination before to go through it and get the alignment. And for me, it just -- I just sat there and smiled for a minute and watched how nice it worked. And it's not to say it wouldn't have been done in the past, it would have, but it took a little more coordination. And now, it's all integrated in 1 area, in Command and Control, and it's done. And so it's just one example that's real, that's right in my mind that I see. And oh, by the way, domestically, when we deal with the Navy in 1 area, we used to have it in 2 separate businesses. And now, the Navy realizes we can pull it together because the 2 parts of the Navy didn't talk to each other. And now they got us looking at it both ways and we're saving both sides money. So I really do see it, and I have concrete examples of it
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Bill, just a quick one for you, hopefully. On the export front, as you grow towards around 30% of revenues and potentially beyond that from export sales, what sort of impact does this have on the structure of the firm and also the way that you manage risk?
William H. Swanson: It's a great question because I have this theory that back when we were at 18%, we went in and put some things in place to be able to handle 20%. And then we set a goal for ourselves at 25%, and we changed our structure a little bit to be able to do that. And now we're getting to 30%. And at each 5% increment, we've seen a fundamental change in the way we have to do it. And the way I would say is you have to think more globally than you have to think internationally. And for that is, how do we have a bigger presence in country? How do we make sure that our teams are on the ground and that we are integrated into the culture and the business climate that we do. And I can tell you that Raytheon will be making a shift in how we look at our international business because 30% will happen and we'll be prepared for it. And then as we get to that milestone, we'll be thinking about 35% because you got to think in increments to go do it. And there's not 1 cookie cutter approach because we've sold in 120 countries. We have active about 82 now. And that changes, but our presence changes. If you look at Saudi or Japan, we've been there 50 years, and that's a long time. And we want to be there another 50. And so each model is different because Japan, you have trading companies; in the Mid East, you need a presence. So we are thinking of it and you'll probably hear changes about what we're going to go do to be able to handle that, if that helps.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, that's very helpful. And just a quick follow up technical question on the Jammer program. I see one of your competitors has protested the award. Does that mean that you haven't actually started work on it yet?
William H. Swanson: No, what happens, you're correct, is when there's a protest in the first 10 days, there's a stop work put out in that regard. That's normal. The NAVAIR will now go handle the protest with the GAO and one of the things that we are very comfortable about is NAVAIR is the best at doing this. And they are very thorough. And you have to look at the protest results that people have against them. And this is not a competition that happened overnight. They've seen us perform on kind of proof of principle contracts. So NAVAIR has seen all 4 of us operate. And we feel very comfortable in their selection. Of course, we are biased, but we feel comfortable.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Bill, I was going to ask if you could just give us an update on a couple of different programs. This speaks to some of the things you've already addressed. But Patriot for Turkey, AMDR, and then I was wondering if we should be concerned about Space Fence.
William H. Swanson: Yes, I would say, one, they had a space command -- I'll start in reverse order. Basically, I've said, they are ready to go. They've made their selection, and they can award. I think part of the internal scanner review that DOD had, they're going to go through and determine what they're going to do in this regard. As an engineer, I look at what Space Fence is trying to do when I think of the debris that's up in space, and I think of all the assets, whether they be commercial satellites, whether they be the space station, whatever is up there for any country, people need to map that debris and be able to move things out of the way, because I got to tell you, losing a satellite or damaging the space station will pay for a Space Fence really quickly. But people have to make the decision. These are tough economic times. And the department will go through that. AMDR is due to be awarded this fall. And from what we gather, it's one of the Navy's top priorities. It's survived all the reviews, and we will see what happens in that regard. I think your other one was Turkey. Of course, you can pick up the papers and see the thing that goes on political. I mean, it's one of the things we've lived with internationally. Kuwait, I'm surprised you didn't ask about it. But Kuwait, for example, we have an LOA sitting on the Minister of Defense's desk. And Parliament was dissolved, and they will be forming a new Parliament, July 27th. And after that, they'll put it together, and then we'll expect the LOA to float forward and we'll get moving that way. Regarding Turkey, they have the same political unrest now. They'll probably make a decision in the third quarter. I think they've asked for proposals to be extended. And then we'll take it from there. But that's the nature of International business.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Dave, just on that, how much of those Patriot orders are in your booking? Or how do you figure those into the $23.5 billion you're talking about? And then the other thing I wanted to ask you is just on cash flow. It looks like you brought forward some cash flow from Q3, just based on the guidance and the numbers you -- the way they adjusted, is that correct?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, that's correct. That's right. So on the first part, it's -- it would be not very traditional for us to give out specifics on what program specifically are valued at in our guidance. I will say that from a booking standpoint, these are all significant awards from a value standpoint. But in our guidance, we factor the overall value quite a bit. So -- and this can be anywhere from the 20% to 50% value of what the potential program might be, depending on a lot of different probability estimates. From a sales standpoint, I would say some of these larger ones are not significant drivers in the back half, from a sales standpoint. So that's kind of the way to think about some of these international Patriot programs that Bill just took us through.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. I was asking from the bookings perspective, but you answered it.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Yair Reiner from Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask about the guidance for the back half of the year. It implies a pretty sharp drop off in terms of the revenue momentum across the business. I know you attributed that to sequestration and potentially a CR in the fourth quarter. I'm wondering, to what extent is that reflected in what you're seeing today in -- across your businesses? Or is that just an anticipation of the fact that eventually the budget needs to kick in?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So again, the way you framed the question is accurate. The second half does reflect our current thinking relative to the impact of sequestration and the continuing resolution in the fourth quarter of the calendar year. So if we see things differently going forward, obviously, we will update the outlook. I mean, what we're seeing today kind of represents the way we see things playing out from a sales cadence standpoint. I do want to mention that I did speak to our bias earlier in the discussion being to the high end of the range. It's probably worth noting -- I'll say it's most definitely worth noting that from an internal perspective, we do have targets for sale that exceed the high end of our guidance. But at this stage, we believe that the guidance we put out is a prudent way to look at it.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just a quick one on the tax rate. Is the decline there reflective of the international mix? And if so, should we expect that there's going to be a downward bias on that moving forward?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. We have a number of tax planning initiatives that are taking place. And the tax group has done an excellent job in managing our tax obligations. We did take the rate down about 50 basis points from an ETR standpoint for the balance -- for 2013 versus where we were thinking a few months back. Going forward, I'd suggest that you can think about the tax rate in that general range.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Strauss from UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the -- revisiting the booking side, I just want to make sure I'm doing the math correctly, that you're basically assuming for the full year that domestic bookings are down around 20% and offset by about 20% growth in international. And if so, what does that mean, Dave, for advances in the back half of the year, if some of these international awards that you're anticipating actually come through?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, advances have been pretty consistent year in and year out, relative to our direct commercial sales with international customers. Again, when we look at those and we think about how they might impact cash flow for the year, it's also factored. So we're comfortable with the range that we've put out there. From a cash flow standpoint, again, I probably should have mentioned this earlier, we are also biased toward the higher end of the cash flow guidance. One thing I do want to remind everyone of is that this year, there is some ramping down of advances, given some of the strength in 2012, and we'll see how things play out. But again, overall, again, there's a lot of different moving parts here. We factor everything and are quite comfortable with the outlook.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And was that on domestic bookings? Is that why you were expecting about 20% decline in domestic bookings this year?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, let me just -- let me walk through this briefly. So from a -- on a full year basis, with respect to the overall domestic bookings, as a percent of the total, we see it in the 68% to 70% range when we close out the year. And importantly, Bill mentioned this earlier, we see international in the 30% to 32% range.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And did you give the EAC number for the quarter yet?
David C. Wajsgras: The EAC number, no, I haven't. And I knew you were going to ask before you got off this call. The EAC number for the quarter approximates about 2.6% of sales. And the overall number is, I believe, about -- I don't have it in front of me, about $156 million positive.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, just related to the comment about sales being towards the high end this year, I guess what got better to get the additional $300 million? And can you talk just in terms of what that implies for U.S. DOD, non-DOD and non-U.S. growth this year?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. Well, it's again the strength of our overall international business. And it's clearly what drove the second quarter results from a sales standpoint. And a good portion of that does flow through to the year. So on an overall basis for the year, from a domestic standpoint, we're seeing the sales profile down about 6% to 7%. And from an international standpoint, we're seeing sales up about 6% to 7%. And I suppose that's the law of large numbers, that they're the exact same percent. But for the company, the guidance for sales is down in the range of the 3% to 4% area.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if I look at your -- the outlook for the margins, certainly it has implied the second half as a big step down and, I guess, mostly in IDS. Can you talk about why that's coming down so much?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So we did have strong margins in the quarter. And you are correct, specifically at IDS. In the back half, margins still remain strong but lower than the first half, given the cadence of our efficiencies, which are weighted to the first half, as well as some new programs starting up and some of our longer duration production programs ramping down. It's important to point out that we did increase the full year outlook for margins.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then one last question for Bill, just on that AMDR competition. Does the result of the combat systems engineering decision earlier in the year have any bearing on that? Or is there any way to get insight into how that might play out?
William H. Swanson: The initial one, I mean, when you look at it, that was for the overall weapons system. And clearly, Lockheed had a nice win there, but they've been doing that since the whole thing started. So to displace somebody that's been doing something for 30 years really gets hard. AMDR, it's hard also, but it's a brand new radar. And there, what the customers are looking for is innovation. They're looking for detection capability, they're looking at discrimination capability. And for that one, it is different, and the playing field is, I'd want to say, a little more level in that regard of being able to compete. But it's an S-band radar, and we're -- we like to win everything in X-band, so this is a new area for us to go off in. And we're trying to take on an incumbent which is always hard.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Cai Von Rumohr from Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So Bill, you mentioned Taiwan AESA radar. What's the timing on that? And what's the sequencing that you expect between the U.S. Air Force decision on the F-16 radar and Taiwan's?
William H. Swanson: I expect that anytime soon, Cai. I mean, it could have happened already but it didn't. It just takes a while to get things through. And of course, the building is trying to balance a bunch of things now. So it could be anytime. I think they have everything in there. I think from the point of view, these South Koreans determined that they were going to do it on their timetable. And they went through one of the toughest competitions that I've seen and they selected us. And now the Air Force will select for Taiwan. They've asked Taiwan to go do that. And it looks like the international world is updating their F-16s before the U.S. will update theirs. It's the way I'd describe the timing.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But the Air Force will decide. So if the Air Force decides for you or brand X, that's probably what the Air Force ultimately will buy. Is that one way of thinking of it?
William H. Swanson: Not necessarily. I mean, this is a competitive world. We thrive on competition here, we don't run from it. So I would imagine that if they can compete Taiwan, then they can go compete U.S. radars and we are ready to do that.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And Dave, one for you, a number of your peers have talked about pension, some of them better prospects for next year, some of them maybe not as good because of the impact of the uptick in rates. Could you comment on what you see based on where we are today, and particularly, your -- as I recall, your pension contributions were going to go up next year and the impact on your contributions for next year?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. I'm glad you asked the question. In 2013, the FAS/CAS adjustment is expected to be around $286 million. Looking further out, there's a number of variables that obviously impact the FAS/CAS adjustment and the funding requirements, including the discount rates, the return on assets and other actuarial assumptions, the cash harmonization rules and the pension funding stabilization law as part of PPA. Now if rates remain flat, if we hold all assumptions constant, our FAS/CAS adjustment in 2014 could be $100 million to $150 million less than 2013. So that's a positive pickup from a financial results standpoint. Looking beyond '14, we see the FAS/CAS adjustment. It could become favorable in 2015, possibly as much as $350 million to $400 million positive, again, assuming no change in the discount rates and assuming we meet our expected returns. And when I say no change, I'm taking 2013 as the baseline. Now if we set the discount rate today, sort of as we're sitting here, it would likely be 50 to 75 basis points higher than what we're using in '13, the point at the end of 2012. And again, it's for 2013 results. But if they were to increase about 50 basis points, it would additionally improve our FAS/CAS in 2014 and beyond by maybe upwards of $200 million each year, assuming the discount rate in the environment persists. So let me get a little more specific, and I know I'm being lengthy here, but a number of folks have asked. Our 2014 FAS/CAS, again with a higher interest rate environment, the 2014 FAS/CAS adjustment could be $250 million to $350 million less than what we're seeing in '13. And looking beyond '14, the FAS/CAS adjustment again becomes favorable in '15 and could be as much as $0.5 billion, and that's positive. Again, that's assuming that the interest rate environment persists at about 50 to 75 basis points higher than where we are today. So from a funding standpoint, if interest rates again stay at this level that I just suggested where we are today, the net funding is about breakeven for next year.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: When you say net, so basically would you contribute less CAS?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, this is what happens. Essentially, we have the gross funding and then you have the CAS reimbursement essentially through the contract actions. And frankly, whether interest rates stay up or interest rates stay where they are in -- where they were in the beginning of '13, the net funding contribution is about breakeven next year. So it doesn't really move it that much.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: One quick follow-up, Northrop mentioned that the impact of higher rates had an adverse impact on their return on assets year-to-date. They were only up 50 bps through the end of June. What's your ROA look like year-to-date?
David C. Wajsgras: So yes, they may be heavily weighted into fixed income and other interest sensitive investments. I don't know that, but that may be the case. For us, I would say more than on a year-to-date basis, but as of just a couple of days ago, we were just under 8% return on assets.
Todd B. Ernst: Frances, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And that question will come from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just wanted to step back and ask a bigger picture question. And Bill and Dave, you can both weigh in or one of you. As we look at the orders that you've taken or the bookings that you've gotten this year, obviously, the revenue streams that we're going to see out in the future. I just wondered if you could just talk a little bit about the margin expectations on those bookings. And maybe you can do that by talking about the contract mix itself and whether it represents a departure from your current revenue streams. Just harkening back to the beginning of the year when you talked a little bit about your margins for 2013 being negative impact -- having a negative impact due to some more development work. And obviously, you've just now signed on some development work. We don't have a good understanding of the rest of the bookings that you just made. If you could just talk a bit about how your contract mix may or may not be changing as we move out over the next several quarters.
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think what's important is what I tried to talk about a little bit that we look at international being 30% to 32%, I think those are the numbers that Dave gave there. So when you look at international, clearly for us, we understand that marketplace. We understand it because we know the risks that are in there. And part of our responsibility is to be able to mitigate those risks as we go through the program. So on international, we start slower, retire the risks and then build up as we get towards the end. I don't see that changing in the way we do it. We go through every one of the bids here to make sure that they take place in the same manner. But what we also do is -- a key thing for us is affordability. So as we look at a tougher environment, how do we make sure that we are able to deliver at an affordable price but at the same time deliver the kind of margins you all expect from us as investors. So that's absolutely key. Clearly, the development programs that you get into, whether they be Next Generation Jammer, whether they be AMDR or Space Fence, those also start lower, but those turn into much like what Zumwalt was years ago for us. It started low and then turned into the production for the 3 ships there and have the regular margins you expect for us. So there's always an ebb and flow, and Dave takes that into account. He and his team do a great job at modeling not only what we have in the business but what we're looking at in the future of the business so that we can make sure there's no surprises coming because one of the things that we try to be is transparent as we look at that going forward. So there is an ebb and flow there, but I would tell you, we have our foot on the throttle here from a standpoint of what we can do because we know what we're bidding. And the bidding philosophy in this company has not changed.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And specifically to international and some of these missile defense systems that you've signed here late and you said that you're in the second or third innings, so clearly, there's more to go. Will there be a need for incremental development work to be done on any of those systems to fit international requirements?
William H. Swanson: Yes, we always do that. And then the other thing is that we as a company are never satisfied. We can find ways to continue -- one of the things that's tough is O&M. And a lot of people don't think about maintenance. And our engineers look at the total life cycle, and they're constantly trying to find ways to reduce the O&M costs or operating costs in our customers. So if we can take devices or technology -- I mean, when you look at Patriot, the Patriot I started on is not the Patriot we're delivering today. 2/3 of it was redesigned for U.A.E. And as we keep delivering Patriot, we keep upgrading it. And oh, by the way, once you upgrade it, you can go back to all your other customers and offer them the upgraded hardware to reduce their costs, reduce the spare content and so forth. So it's a never ending opportunity for us here at Raytheon.
Todd B. Ernst: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking to you again on our third quarter conference call in October. Frances, back to you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Former Vice President of Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committe David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division George Shapiro George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chantile and I will be your facilitator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Chantile. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filing. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill. Bill?
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Before I discuss our first quarter results, I wanted to say a few words about last week's tragedy at the Boston Marathon. Monday, April 15, wasn't just the day of the marathon, it was the day we celebrated Patriots' Day in Massachusetts. A holiday commemorating the first battles of the American Revolution in 1775 and made famous by the ride of Paul Revere. It's a day of immense civic pride and community, and the spirit and energy that pervade its many annual events are a unique part of what it is to be from Boston and Massachusetts. Raytheon's been part of this community here since our founding over 90 years ago. While our offices and operations were not impacted, we have more than 12,000 employees in the state, including some who participated in the Boston Marathon as runners, volunteers and spectators. In fact, one of our local employees was at the finish line and seriously injured in the attack. So for us, this hit very close to home. Our thoughts and prayers are with all the victims and their families and all of those who were affected. I would like to thank the first responders for their swift and heroic efforts that saved many lives. I also want to thank our hospitals and medical professionals for their truly amazing work. The Boston area is blessed with some of the world's best hospitals, and this has never been more evident than the past few days. We are proud of Boston's Mayor Menino, Governor Patrick, local and state officials, as well as federal government for their leadership and efforts in the aftermath of this incident. The events of last week had a profound impact on our state. But they brought out the best in our community. From our local leadership to our first responders, from the hundreds of volunteers to the thousands of people who have donated funding to the victims. We've never been prouder to call Massachusetts home. Now turning to our first quarter performance. I'm pleased to report that Raytheon had another good quarter, with sales, margin, EPS and cash flow all above our expectations. The Raytheon team delivered solid results during the quarter, continuing to lower our costs and improve our agility, as well as providing affordable solutions for our customers. International continues to be a key differentiator for the company. In the first quarter, our international business represented 26% of our total sales. And after the close of the quarter, we announced that the Republic of Korea selected Raytheon's Advanced Combat Radar or RACR to modernize its fleet of F-16s. We expect a booking in the last half of this year. This is a key competitive win and a meaningful validation of our international strategy, as well as a confirmation of our leadership in AESA technology. Importantly, this win opens new opportunities domestically and international for our AESA products. Our portfolio of international opportunities remains robust and includes Kuwait Patriot, the Oman ground-based air defense system, the Qatar [ph] air defense system, Air Traffic Management, as well as radars and missiles. We are making considerable progress on these opportunities. With the evolving threat environment and our customers' desire to acquire the most advanced technologies in the world, we remain confident that international will continue to be strong for Raytheon. The domestic market continues to evolve as well. We were encouraged by the passage of the fiscal '13 defense budget, as it averted a potentially harmful year-long CR and afforded our customers more flexibility. New starts such as Space Fence and Air and Missile Defense Radar, AMDR, for example, are important new opportunities for the company and will provide more advanced capabilities for our customers. On April 10, the fiscal year '14 defense budget request was released. While it did not comply with sequestration and is likely to undergo modification over the coming months, it was a clear statement of DOD's priorities. The focus continues to be on rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific region and our key mission areas such as missile defense, EW and cyber, which play to our strengths. In addition, as a technology company with a broad program base, we benefit considerably from funding areas such as science and technology portion of the budget. And this area fared well in the fiscal year '14 budget request. We focus on growing small science and technology awards into substantial capabilities for our customers over time. This is another important strength of the company. In a couple of minutes, Dave will talk about our updated guidance that now includes the effect of sequestration, which is consistent with the 1% to 2% impact on sales that we discussed on the January call. Importantly, we've raised both our earnings per share and our cash flow outlook for the year. Over the past 10 years, we've been on a clear path to implement world-class processes and continuously improve our operation. We're pressing forward with a number of initiatives. In January, we established our Global Business Services group. GBS has given us the ability to more quickly integrate and streamline our processes and procedures across the company. Additionally, GBS is leveraging our innovative approach to common systems that enhance our working capital and operating profit performance. They are on track to deliver planned productivity savings for 2013. I'd like to take a moment and mention our March 25 announcement regarding consolidation. The move is just another step on our path of continuous improvement. While our businesses have always collaborated to provide the best solutions for the customer, now we're aligned even better with our needs in future markets. It provides greater synergy within our products and services, and most of all, increases our speed in responding to our customers' future needs. For example, we're moving the Command and Control business to IDS. What we've seen are more of our international customers wanting an integrated solution, and given IDS' strong international presence, it's a natural fit. In addition, we're moving our commercial product lines -- or excuse me, our communications product lines to SAS, which has considerable expertise in the RF spectrum with its suite of radars. For those of us who work in this area, our advanced radars have the ability to handle multiple functions, such as EW, radar and communications. We see the day when an AESA radar is just a multifunctional sensor. Regarding our Land Combat Systems, we're moving our ground-based EO/IR sensors to our missile business. This will allow us to maximize integration of the ground sensor with the missile. This combination consolidates the 2 capabilities and allows us to offer integrated solutions to our customers rather than individual products. Lastly, we combined IIS and RTSC to leverage the synergies they share in providing services to our customers. This new business is structured to perform in a more competitive environment and better serve our customers going forward. To help implement and manage these initiatives, along with the day-to-day operating activities, we have established a new position, Chief Operating Officer, and named Tom Kennedy to that position, which was effective April 1. Many of you know Tom from his most recent position as President of Raytheon's Integrated Defense Systems where he delivered outstanding operating results. Tom's leadership skills and deep understanding of our technologies, our customers and our global markets, make him well qualified to fill this new important role. Before concluding, I'd like to point out that during the first quarter, we announced a 10% increase in our dividend per share. This marks the ninth consecutive year we've raised the dividend. It remains an important component of our balanced capital deployment strategy and a reflection of the confidence in the financial strength and outlook for the company. In conclusion, I want to say how proud I am of the Raytheon team. In a challenging environment, their dedication and hard work have made it possible for the company to deliver these solid results and provide for the continued success of our customers. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks starting with the first quarter highlights, and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I will be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. So if everyone would please turn to Page 3. We're pleased with the solid performance the team delivered in the first quarter. Our adjusted EPS of $1.56 was up 5%, and EPS from continuing operations of $1.49 was up 12%. Adjusted operating margin was 13.2%, up 10 basis points compared to last year's first quarter. Sales of $5.9 billion were roughly in line with last year's first quarter and exceeded the high end of our expectations, which I'll discuss further in just a moment. Operating cash flow from continuing operations of $422 million was also better than our prior guidance, the result of working capital. During the quarter, the company repurchased 4.2 million shares of common stock for $225 million. We have updated our full year 2013 guidance, which I'll discuss in more detail in a few minutes. As previously announced, effective April 1, 2013, the company's structure was consolidated from 6 businesses to 4. The company will report its financial results consistent with the new structure in the second quarter. Turning now to Page 4. Let me start by providing some color on our first quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $3.6 billion, in line with our internal plans. As you may recall, we had strong bookings in the back half of 2012, so on a trailing 4-quarter basis, the book-to-bill is about 1.02. As I mentioned on the January call, we continue to see the order book back-end loaded for 2013 ramping up in mid-year, similar to 2012. From a cadence standpoint, we expect the book-to-bill ratio to expand as we move through the year. Notable bookings in the first quarter included $208 million at IDS to provide Patriot air missile defense capability for an international customer, and $160 million to provide Patriot engineering services for the U.S. and international customers. Missile Systems booked $156 million for the production of rolling airframe missiles for the German Navy and $85 million on MALD, a decoy program for the U.S. Air Force. NCS booked $126 million on the Wide Area Augmentation System program for the FAA. Space and Airborne Systems booked $90 million for the production of AESA radars for the U.S. Air Force. Technical Services booked $135 million for foreign training and $64 million for domestic training in support of the Warfighter FOCUS Program. In addition, IIS and SAS booked $266 million and $184 million, respectively, on a number of classified contracts. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $33.5 billion compared to $36.2 billion at the end of 2012. It's worth noting that approximately 36% of our backlog is comprised of international programs. If you'd now move to Page 5. Sales were essentially flat compared to the first quarter of 2012 and ahead of our first quarter guidance that we set in January. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2013 had 1 less workday than the first quarter of 2012, and this equates to about $100 million in sales. Our domestic business declined by about 2%, partially offset by our international business, which grew approximately 2%. Looking at sales by business. All of our businesses had net sales that were at or above our expectations. IDS had first quarter 2000 (sic) [2013] net sales of $1.3 billion, an increase of 4% on a year-over-year basis. The increase was primarily due to higher sales on a TPY-2 radar program for an international customer. Missile Systems had first quarter 2013 net sales of $1.5 billion, 8% -- up 8% from the comparable period last year. The increase from prior year was primarily due to higher sales on the SM-3 and Rolling Airframe Missile programs. IIS had net sales of $743 million and SAS had net sales of $1.2 billion, both slightly lower than the same period last year, primarily due to the timing of classified programs. NCS had first quarter 2013 net sales of $931 million. The expected decline in net sales was primarily driven by U.S. Army production programs. And Technical Services had net sales of $755 million, down from the comparable period a year ago as a result of completing the Polar contract in the first quarter of last year. Now moving ahead to Page 6. We're pleased by our overall company margins, once again showing a year-over-year increase driven by operational performance. Our adjusted margin was up 10 basis points to 13.2%. Our focus on execution, productivity and efficiency continues to be reflected in our financial results. So looking at the business margins. IDS and SAS margins were up in the quarter compared with the same period last year. Solid overall program performance drove improvements at both businesses, as well as favorable mix. 13.3% margins at our Missiles business was in line with last year's first quarter. At NCS, the change in operating margin in the first quarter of 2013 compared to the first quarter of 2012 was driven by higher volume and net production efficiencies last year primarily on U.S. Army programs. And IIS and Technical Services margins were down slightly compared to the same period last year. I'd like to take a moment to highlight our ongoing cost reduction initiatives in a little more detail. We continue to move forward with a number of initiatives that are designed to improve efficiencies, streamline our operations and lower our costs. One of the earlier initiatives which I've spoken about on prior calls is strategic sourcing across our supply chain. About half of our spend is on materials and subcontracting, and since implementing this strategy, we've generated hundreds of millions of dollars in savings, much of which we've passed along to our customers. Additionally, over the last 2 years, we've driven well in excess of $500 million of indirect costs out of the business, including efficiencies in indirect labor, reduced travel, lower IT spending and reduced outside services. We have also been aggressive with our core facility consolidation efforts. From 2009 to 2012, we have reduced our total core square footage before acquisitions by approximately 1.5 million square feet. Looking ahead, we are targeting an additional 5% to 10% reduction in our existing floor space over a 3- to 5-year period. More recently, on January 17, we announced the formation of Global Business Services where we consolidated our shared services functions across the company. This is also expected to drive significant efficiencies over the next several years. And the next step in our ongoing effort to further optimize our operations is to finalize the consolidation of our 6 businesses to 4. These are not isolated actions. Rather, they're part of a comprehensive plan to drive productivity across the company, and we are not done. These efforts are all working to drive increased affordability for our customers, and importantly, they benefit our shareholders as well by increasing our competitiveness and protecting or enhancing our financial returns. If you'd move to Page 7. First quarter 2013 adjusted EPS was $1.56, up 5%. Although the increase was primarily driven by capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases, we continue to drive strong operating performance, which is reflected in our improved margins quarter-over-quarter. And EPS from continuing operations of $1.49 was up 12%, which includes the benefit of the full year 2012 R&D tax credit, as well as the first quarter impact of the 2013 credit. If you would turn to Page 8, I'd like to briefly comment on our updated outlook for 2013, which now reflects our solid first quarter results, as well as our current expectations for the impact of sequestration. Although not on the page, in January, we mentioned our bookings outlook for 2013 was in the range of $24 billion plus or minus $500 million. And now, with sequestration, we see the outlook for the year in the range of $23.5 billion plus or minus $500 million. We now see full year 2013 net sales to be in the range of between $23.2 billion and $23.7 billion. The change of our sales outlook is consistent with the additional 1% to 2% estimated impact from sequestration that we discussed on the last earnings call in January. We have raised our full year 2013 EPS guidance by $0.10 to a range of between $5.26 and $5.41, and on an adjusted basis, to a range of between $5.75 and $5.90. I'd like to point out that the impact from lower expected sales volume for the balance of the year due to sequestration is more than offset by the solid results we achieved in the first quarter. We repurchased 4.2 million shares of common stock for $225 million in the quarter. We continue to see our diluted share count to be in the range of between 324 million and 327 million shares for 2013. As I mentioned earlier, we generated strong operating cash flow in the quarter. As a result, we've increased our 2013 guidance for operating cash flow from continuing operations by $100 million, and is now between $2.1 billion and $2.3 billion. And as you can see on Page 9, we've included the change in our guidance by business. The increase in margin guidance reflects the results from our continued efforts on productivity and efficiency initiatives, as well as from our strong overall program execution. Importantly, we continue to pass back substantial savings to our customers. On Page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations for the balance of this year. In summary, we saw good performance in the first quarter compared to both Q1 2012 and also the initial outlook for Q1 2013 that we provided in January. While the environment remains challenging, we continue to execute well, driving solid operating performance. We're in a good financial position with net debt of just over $700 million. We raised our dividend 10% in the first quarter, and are raising our EPS and cash flow guidance for 2013. We remain well positioned with our domestic customers' priority areas and are well aligned with the evolving priorities of our global customers. And we'll continue to drive the business to maximize value for all of our customers and our shareholders. With that, Bill and I will take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'd like to drill down into the bookings a little bit and really focus on domestic. Of course, the international always bounce around and are usually strong at the end of the year. But in just in looking at the last 5 years of data at least, I don't see a quarter with below $5 billion of total bookings. Obviously, you're well below that level. And I heard what you said about the ramp-up throughout the year. I guess, really, the question is what gives you the confidence, given that sequester just happened, that you're going to see that sequential ramp on the domestic side?
David C. Wajsgras: Joe, bookings were always planned to ramp up throughout the year, and Q1 actually played out a little bit better than what we were expecting. We discussed on the January call that we had about $1 billion come in to last year's fourth quarter, particularly in Missiles and our Missile Defense businesses. So as I just said a moment ago, we do expect the cadence of both domestic and international bookings to increase throughout the year. If you look at the last 6 months, given some of this timing, our quarterly bookings averaged about $5.7 billion, and over the trailing 4-quarter basis, it was about $1.02 billion. The cadence for this year is not dramatically different from what we saw last year. I think with that, Bill may want to add a couple of things.
William H. Swanson: Yes. Joe, I think the easiest way is to go through our businesses. And IDS expects about half of their business to be international and those will be dominated by the Patriot awards. We've got Kuwait that's finished the -- all the military reviews and has gone over to their parliament for final signature, so we kind of see that in maybe the latter half of Q2, early part of Q3, we can touch it, not an issue. A little over $500 million. Decision in Turkey probably in Q2, award latter half of this year. At Qatar, [ph] also late this year, and that could be a couple billion. We see Oman. Oman has turned out nice for us. They've already placed an order for AMRAAM. So we see that tying together all the aero defense work there. And domestically, for them, they've got naval radars, some Aegis work and Zumwalt, and then missile defense work, and of course, as I mentioned, AMDR and Space Fence. If we go over to IIS, we don't see any composition change in their bookings. Our customers shifted from yearly funding to quarterly funding, now to monthly funding. So that's kind of reflected in how we look at things, and half of their awards are all driven by classified. Missiles expects international bookings probably here in the second quarter on AMRAAM, and Oman will be part of that. Of course, we see strong interest in RAM and Evolved Seasparrow. Paveway, Mideast, I think you're aware and others are aware that Secretary Hagel is over talking packages with those countries. So we expect Missiles to be in good shape. Referring to NCS, over 1/3 of their bookings were international, and on the domestic side, a number of opportunities. In fact, this morning, the wire just announced that we won D-RAPCON, which is a mobile air traffic control system. Initial award $252 million, we'll get a $50 million development contract. And so that was planned probably in the first quarter. It happens in the second quarter. We all know bookings are lumpy, but we look at them on a total basis and Dave kind of gave you some insight there. SAS sees about 1/3 of their bookings international, the biggest piece related to our tactical airborne radars, and South Korea gives us a good start on that one. And finally, our Technical Services, we see the range of training and logistics programs, about 25% of that is international. So that's a quick rundown in my mind going through the businesses. And I got to remind everybody that 30% of our -- 30 of our contracts represent 1/4 of our business. 128 contracts represent the 50%. And then if you look, the last half of our sales are driven by 15,000 contracts that represent $1.5 million, $2 million worth of business. And that's this company and that's what makes it so strong, because we convert those smaller programs into bigger programs later on in time, and hopefully, that answers your question.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's very helpful. Just one more number, of the $23.5 billion this year, how much of that do you expect to be international, please?
William H. Swanson: About 29% to 31%. Of course, that could be bigger.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bill, I wondered if you could speak briefly on the Hagel strategic review, and your views on -- I know it's tough to call likely findings, but when we look at the recent change in posture and the pivot to the Pacific, we've got -- a sort of recently redone defense strategy. When you take that in mind and say, what is it that Secretary Hagel is going to end up concluding? What do you think the focus of that review will be on? Does it -- is it more related to that strategy? Or is it more related to the realities of the budget and how we're going to prioritize spending? Any color you could provide would be really helpful.
William H. Swanson: Okay. Let me take a shot. I'm not in charge of the building so remember that when I give you my opinion. I think, having recently heard Deputy Secretary Dr. Ash Carter speak, clearly, the department is trying to make sure that they're leaner, they're more flexible, they're agile, they're going to be smaller, and they're going have to be able to adapt. And there is a focus on the Asia-Pacific region. There's been 60 years of peace there. And the United States wants to make sure our allies and our friends over there continue to enjoy another 60 years of peace. That doesn't mean from a standpoint that the threat is China. Some people predict it's more of, how do we make sure that North Korea and others don't threaten the well-being of our friends and allies over there. So I think part of the strategy is how do we do that. Probably more of a focus on naval. It'll be a repositioning of personnel, probably in places they haven't been before, but that's because they've been fighting a battle in Iraq or Afghanistan. And so from my standpoint, I think special ops are going to get more attention. They're quicker. I think companies are going to have to have technology and things they can put on the table rather than view graphs, which appeals to us. And I also see a real attention to cyber, and I break the cyber down into 3 areas. Those areas would be the network, they would be in cyberweapons and they'd be in infrastructure. And that's where part of the focus is going to be there. And of course, you all know that, that's what we've been doing for the last 4, 5 years here, getting ready for what we thought was coming. So I think there will be a strategy and then you tie your funds to your strategy, no different than what you do in a company, and I expect them to do that in a thoughtful way.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's very helpful. And one for Dave, just quickly. Dave, can you clarify what the difference in year-over-year, the contribution from net EAC cum catches was?
David C. Wajsgras: On a net basis, it was essentially flat. It's around $140 million last year's first quarter and roughly $140 million this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein of Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the reorganization. And I guess, in terms of what the savings are and when do you net them? Because I'm assuming there's some costs you're planning in 2013 to actually get those savings. And then when I project going forward, how are we going to actually see some of those savings just because if I look at your selling and administrative costs, or is it in cost of sales? Because selling and administrative costs seem to have stuck around 6.5% of sales or so for quite a while.
David C. Wajsgras: So Sam, the savings are being driven primarily by the reduction in personnel costs as we go through the consolidation from 6 to 4. And we streamline -- this is primarily around streamlining the leadership teams. And as we noted in the press release, we expect the action to affect about 200 employees. So it's important to note that the impact to 2014 and '15, frankly from a financial perspective, is de minimis because most of the savings are priced into our contracts and passed along to our customers. In 2013, you have to account for the costs to implement the program, the relocation, the severance and so forth, and that offsets the current year savings. So fundamentally, the restructuring is weighted, more so than you may realize, toward business leadership teams. But again, the driver here is primarily to more efficiently manage the operation and the business, and serve the customer going forward. Now with that said, we will continue to drive efficiencies through supply chain actions and through indirect or overhead cost reductions. I articulated some of that earlier during my comments.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And Dave, one more, if I can add in. Your capital spending was pretty light this quarter. Do you still think you're going to be up close to flat year-over-year?
David C. Wajsgras: We'll be flat to slightly down year-over-year. We have a lot of focus on all the areas of spending, and capital expenditures are not outside of the realm of what we're looking at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Dave, question on NCS, understanding that as a segment, we won't necessarily see this play out this way. But you were down 7% in revs on the quarter and attributed that to the Army softness. But the guidance for this segment, which you provided, suggests that this is really the trough quarter. One, is that correct? And two, does that imply that we don't see further pressure in Army going forward here, rest of the year?
David C. Wajsgras: No. Rob, that's a good observation. The full year 2013 does include -- already includes lower business with the U.S. Army, particularly around the sensor production programs. This is offset, and we have talked about this in the past, and apparently you recall, this is offset by growth on the international side, particularly in the C4I area where we have substantial development work. NCS as a business, I would say Q1 could be viewed as the trough, it's a fair way to look at it. As we move through the year, we see those businesses, by and large, expanding. And I think equally important, we see expansion from a margin standpoint as well.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the other thing I wanted to ask you is just you talked about the buyback in the quarter and the share count that you're anticipating. I don't know exactly how you ended the quarter and what the creep would be. But given the range, you might be close to the high end of that share count, right? So we shouldn't infer from that, that you're done buying back stock?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, first of all, I wouldn't infer that we would end the year at the high end of the range. But let me address that in just a second. We do have a strong balance sheet, and we continue to pursue a balanced capital deployment strategy. And this guides our thinking about how we're returning value to shareholders. We're continuing to invest in the business. We're paying a strong dividend. We're pursuing targeted M&A. And as you noted, we're continuing to buy back shares. We mentioned earlier that we raised the dividend 10% this year and we did raise it, as a reminder, 16% last year. So importantly, we do remain cognizant of what's in the best interest of our shareholders when it comes to capital deployment in general and our share repurchase plans more specifically. And just to be clear, we'll continually review these plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned of Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'm interested in the reorganization. You've been in this segment structure for quite some time, about 10 years. I'm curious, what was the catalyst that made you decide to make this change at this point?
William H. Swanson: I think, Doug, you know us, we have a strategy. We've stuck to it. We've tweaked a little bit here and there. And as you look to the future, clearly, at least my take, is that companies have to be more agile going forward. The environment's changed. Our customers need the ability to sit down with us at the table and work through things. We were most recently, in the Pentagon, we went through, some of us -- our programs. I can tell you, I really felt good having that meeting. Our programs are doing extremely well if you look at our performance on cost and schedule indices. It looks like a 12-gauge shotgun with a choke, it's right around the sweet spot. And I can't say everybody else is in the same position, but I sure was thankful of Raytheon's. So when you look at the organization, it's how do we respond quicker, how do we respond with affordable solutions, and how do we continue to have the productivity gains that we've had on a year-over-year basis. And we elected to make some changes and that was worked on by the senior leadership of the company. We probably spent the better part of 9 months going through that to make sure we got it right. Tom's on board watching it. I can tell you it has gone extremely quick, extremely well beyond my expectations. And you know me, I set some pretty high standards. And so, we're seeing things click and work in a way that is just what we want. And especially internationally, you've got to be able to go in and offer solutions. Selling products just doesn't work. And I think this new organization is going to help us do that. And by the way, sometimes change for change's sake is healthy.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then one competitive question. MEADS has new life, it appears. Do you see this as having any potential impact on the Patriot outlook?
William H. Swanson: Well, let me start off by saying MEADS is not a Raytheon program. The U.S. Army has decided not to procure MEADS. It made that decision some time ago and continues to state that decision. The continued performance of Patriot contrasted with MEADS' long-standing cost overruns and schedule delays were the primary reason most members of Congress thought the program should be terminated early. However, the Pentagon has told them they face cancellation fees, so the funds have been put in for the cancel -- for to finish the program so they don't have that particular thing. So I guess the way to answer your question is Patriot has a long installed base. It has numerous international customers, and I don't lose any sleep at night whatsoever over the other program.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Bill or Dave, I wanted to ask about margins long-term. On the one hand, you're doing a lot internally on the cost side that's proving successful; on the other hand, presumably, those cum catch numbers you talked about earlier don't sustain. We're seeing better buying power, version 2.0 come out of the Pentagon and it's unclear exactly what that means. How sustainable are current margins 2, 3 years out? And are there any segments specifically that look much different 2 or 3 years out?
David C. Wajsgras: So Noah, it's a good question. We've discussed this in the past. Frankly, I've been here 7.5 years and I think I've discussed this for 7.5 years. We...
William H. Swanson: I've been here 41. This has been going on for 41.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay, 41 years. But we have continued to perform well. We execute, I would say, best-in-class. We continue to satisfy all customer requirements, both domestically and internationally. We've talked about our focus on productivity and cost efficiency, and that's continuing to put us in a very good position from a competitive standpoint. I mentioned earlier we have about 36% of our backlog with international customers and we continue to see that expanding over time. The financial returns, from an international perspective as a result of the risk associated with international business are -- it's typically higher than domestic business. So I would say, as we look forward, we're continuing to see sustainability from a margin standpoint. And I would say there would be upward pressure at some level from an overall margin profile.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. If I could just ask about one other item. The Technical Services segment, just bigger picture. I mean, this had 3 or 4 years in a row of double-digit and a few well in excess of 10% organic revenue growth years towards the end of the defense spending upturn. It's been fairly resilient as spending has started to come down, a little weaker this quarter. Can you remind us or update us on what the handful of largest drivers are in that segment right now? And how do you think about when that one bottoms out?
William H. Swanson: Yes. It's -- first of all, our Technical Service business really leads in the, what I'll call the virtual, live and constructive training. They do that in a way that really leverages from our commercial side of the business there. Many people don't realize that we provide the training for GM and Chrysler and Opel. And if you dealt with the automobile industry, you know that they're continually looking for price and value. And so for us, we find a way to do compression and education or training so we can basically take a program -- and compression means that we can take 20% or 30% out, and increase the retention and deliver better results. We've taken that and got it into our army training. That training gets propagated into other areas, it's expanding internationally. But what we've all got to realize is that with sequestration, you've got the Secretary and the Deputy, they've got to worry about the budgets and how to make everything fit. And so from my standpoint, I think about it in a way that they look at personnel, which is off-limits, the President's decided that, that's not going to be touched. They're going to take care of mandatory things like nuclear deterrents and security concerns. They're going to make sure they protect new programs that they want to go through. And finally, you get to people. And so that department's going through some hard choices now with furloughs. I think they've decided that it's going to be around 13 days. In the next 3 or 4 weeks they got to decide if they're going to implement that or not. And then you finally get to O&M. And O&M, especially, if you're on the services side, provides quick savings to the building. And they're not canceling programs, so it puts the focus there. We think we've factored that correctly into our services business. And as you point out, it's resilient because they deliver good value and they're constantly realizing that we have to come up with savings to help our customers fit their budget. So from our standpoint, we're going over a speed bump right now that we think we forecasted correctly. And then as we go forward, we'll see where things go. It's unlikely there is going to be any change in sequester in the next few months. We assume it's going to take the full year. The fiscal year '14 budget gives them -- Congress and the administration a chance for maybe a grand bargain. We'll find out what happens here. But we continue to work with our customers to help them prepare what's in front of them. I hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'll stick to just one. It sounded like the bookings target for the year was lower by about $500 million. The sales for this year is lower by about $400 million. So the year-end backlog projection really doesn't move very much. And I guess what I'm struggling with is, where does sequestration actually hit you for '14 if it doesn't hit you in your year-end backlog?
David C. Wajsgras: So as you -- as we go through this year, and I'm not sure we addressed this earlier, but it's primarily in our services businesses that backlog is impacted as a result of sequestration. It's primarily IIS, RTSC, as well as some of the classified business in SAS. By and large, it's our quick-turn type business. We've talked about the back half of the year being weighted from a booking cadence standpoint. It's also heavily weighted to international. So just to give you some additional perspective. From a first half standpoint, we expect to see a book-to-bill of under 1, say roughly about 0.9. As you go to the back half of the year, we see about 1.15. And as we close out the year, we see it just around 1 overall. From an international standpoint, we see the book-to-bill at about 1.05 to about 1.15. So you can see how the cadence sort of is back-end weighted and the cadence is also weighted toward international.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was just going to say, am I right that your year-end projected backlog, though, didn't -- doesn't move with sequestration?
David C. Wajsgras: The backlog is just about flat, even including sequestration. That's about right. I mean it's -- yes, that's the math.
William H. Swanson: Yes. What people also have to remember, some people expected the world to end with sequestration. It happens over time, it's a slow buildup. And for me, the world has changed, and the area you worry about or you focus on is where you don't deliver a product is the easiest place to go get money or it's fungible. So where you have programs or products or international, which will continue anyway, so you really worry about what I'll call the seats or positions you have on the service side. And we've looked through that, and we've got some strong programs, and we think we've taken that into account as Dave pointed out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel of Jefferies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just to go back for a moment and talk about outlook and sort of your forecast. If we look at the FY '13 budget and how it was constructed, and then we look at the language that was appropriated, it seems that in a number of cases, you got awards and program funding that will be far in excess of where the original proposals were. Could you sort of touch on that? It looks like it's in radar, it looks like it's in ballistic missile defense. And then I just have a follow-up related to that.
William H. Swanson: Howard, you're right. It's -- part of our philosophy here, the company -- or the strategy is that our products or our services have got to both be forward-looking but they've also got to be backward-compatible. So we look at what we do. And in this world, I think some of what we have is going to have to last longer. And so when you think about an F-16 aircraft and you can put a new AMRAAM D on it and you can put an AESA Radar on it, you have made that really a potent platform. The other thing we see on the naval side are Zumwalt program, what we've been able to do there with 11 or 12 new technologies that we put there. We've been able to go backward-fit those. And now, given the shipbuilding performance, the integration and where we see that going, it really reaffirms to people that you can go both directions here. So I think you've seen our existing product lines continue to grow. And the thing we feel excited about, and that's something I talked to Dr. Carter about, is that the Department is really going to worry about new starts. The thing you have with -- you know this as well as I do, old programs have many fathers and mothers. New programs are like plants with shallow root structure that people can pull up. But what leadership has to worry about is that those development programs are really the future. And I see the building trying to protect those programs going forward, which I think bodes well for the kind of work we do, if that helps.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then -- absolutely. And that's sort of the follow-up is that there are 3 big new starts that I can point to domestically: AMDR, whatever happens with AESA Radar and -- well, actually Space Fence, and 4 if I count the Jammer as well. How have you thought about factoring those? So if you win half of them, do you end up, in fact, exceeding your bookings forecast?
William H. Swanson: I think if we won half or more, it would be good for the home team. And of course, Tom Kennedy's looking at me, telling me it would be very good for the home team. So it's one of those where we don't play would've, could've, should've. And what that is, is when we submit our proposals, we give it our best shot and take into account everything we know. And what we realize is that our customers don't buy technology for technology's sake. They're really looking at what's the best value. And the best value includes a lot of different things now. One is energy consumption. And when I started in this business, nobody cared about energy consumption. And so now, when you look at some of these big radars or these systems is how much do you consume and how is that evaluated besides reliability, maintainability and the rest of the -ilities. So we feel good about where we're going. And even in the technology arena, for us, they're not big jobs, million dollars. We're worried about a hybrid dish where you can go out in the field and have a sterling engine to be able to generate energy to use 50% less power. Those are the kinds of things this company works on. And they come in here, we look at them, we get excited. And then the teams go off. And I could talk about others. We have a program that BBN's doing, which is developing script-independent technology where we can transcribe handwritten documents. We're the only ones in the country working on that from a DARPA point of view. I could go on all morning about some of the neat things we're working on, but that's how we see it. But to answer your question, yes, it would be a good thing to win more than half of them.
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of George Shapiro of Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Bill, I want to generalize a little bit here. I mean, if you look at the procurement and investment accounts for 2013, they're down about 15% from 2012. So I really want to push. I mean, history would show that somebody as big as Raytheon, even with the international exposure, that you might be able to do somewhat better than that 15% decline. It's hard to believe, too, that you'd be able to have a backlog flat at the end of the year with this year. So I just wanted to push you a little bit more on that.
William H. Swanson: Well, can I push back?
George Shapiro: Sure.
William H. Swanson: Okay. Well, George, I think the thing of it is, is you have to look at Raytheon's portfolio. Extremely strong internationally. And so that's growth, that's not a decrease. And then you look at, as I mentioned, 15,000 contracts make up half of our sales. Those are $1.5 million to $2 million contracts, and that's a real strength of what we do, and we're a technology company and we believe we can compete with anybody in the world in that area. And then you have to look at the budget that's going down. There's always -- those are the cold spots. You have to be able to look at the hot spots. And so for us, from a standpoint, we think we're in the hot spots, that's where we try to be. We didn't go into Fed IT, we talked about cyber before anybody could spell it. And so part of what we have to do is make sure that we're at the forefront of that area. And so that's why we think we can be, as you say, a book to bill of 1, which means you'd be flat on backlog. And by the way, if the international comes in stronger, that's even better.
George Shapiro: Yes. I don't doubt that you can do better, I just question whether you could do that much better. And I would argue that 15,000 programs are a negative in the sense that, in aggregate, they've got to be subject to what's going on in the budget. They all can't be separate from what's going on [indiscernible]...
William H. Swanson: Well, that's part of the debate, George. And I guess we've given you our best guidance. And I've been around here for a long time and I think Raytheon's been pretty accurate, at least in my last 10 years, about predicting where things were going to go.
George Shapiro: Okay. One nitpick...
William H. Swanson: And what you got to realize is we model all our 18,000 contracts and our 8,000 programs. So we have a little bit of an advantage over you.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Okay. Well, I guess we'll see where the year actually...
William H. Swanson: Yes. That's okay. We've been doing this for a long time, so it's a healthy debate. But I think what's really key here is you can detect no apprehension on what I'm telling you.
George Shapiro: Yes. And one for you, Dave. You continue to do better in the margins than I figure. But in NCS, anything unique in the first quarter where it was 9.6% and you're still guiding for the year to average up 200 bps from that?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So the decrease in the margin is due to the timing and the extent of the program improvements last year, the mix of business, and I may not have mentioned this earlier, but it's important. We made a significant acquisition at the end of last year, and the acquisition costs associated with integrating that encryption technology business costs about 60 basis points in the first quarter and about 50 basis points on the year. Now, the mix does become more favorable as you go to the back half of the year, and the timing of the efficiency improvements is also weighted to the second through fourth quarters in that business.
George Shapiro: Okay. Well, that 60 bps gives me -- makes it certainly more feasible.
William H. Swanson: Thanks, George. And we'll just -- we'll talk at the end of the year.
Todd B. Ernst: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speak with you again on our second quarter conference call in July. Chantile?
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Vice President of Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division George Shapiro David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chanel, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Todd B. Ernst: All right. Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter conference call. The results we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill. Bill?
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon delivered solid operating results in 2012. Our focus on lowering costs and program execution drove higher than expected earnings and cash flow for the year. Demand for our broad portfolio of cutting-edge technologies and innovative solutions resulted in bookings well in excess of expectation, and we ended 2012 with a record funded backlog. Fourth quarter bookings were strong at $7.9 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.23. International comprised a robust 40% of fourth quarter bookings. When looking at the full year, our book-to-bill was 1.09 and was driven by strong domestic orders for missiles, radars, training, communication and classified programs, as well as international orders for command and control systems, precision munitions and sensors among a multitude of other awards. We also exceeded our initial bookings expectation by about 6%, ending the year with $26.5 billion of total bookings, with domestic demand a little higher and international also strong. In the fourth quarter, international revenue increased 8% over last year and represents 27% of the quarter's total revenue. For all of 2012, international revenue was 26% of our total revenue, setting the standard for our industry and continuing to validate our international strategy. As a technology and innovation leader, we continued our investment strategy to strengthen our capabilities, grow our market position and better meet customer needs. During the fourth quarter, we completed 2 acquisitions. SafeNet Government Solutions is a world-class provider of encryption technology that aligns well with Raytheon's advanced strategic and tactical communications capabilities and enhances our position in these markets. Teligy specializes in wireless RF communication, vulnerability analysis, reverse engineering and rapid prototyping. These acquisitions ensure that we are well positioned in communications and cyber markets for the future. Looking at the defense environment, the U.S. government averted the brunt of the fiscal cliff earlier this month. However, the ultimate outcome for sequestration was delayed and not resolved, and the new potential implementation date for sequestration is now March 1. The government continues to operate under a continuing resolution for fiscal year '13 that runs through March 27 or roughly halfway through its fiscal year. It's important to remember that we've been operating under various CRs and the threat from sequestration for a while now, and the company continues to perform well. This is a testament to the strength of our strategy and the operating talent across the company. As we've discussed on previous calls, we're planning for potential various outcomes. Regardless, our focus remains on continually finding new ways to deliver world-class technology, while at the same time reducing our costs and improving our efficiency, whatever the environment. With our culture of continuous improvement, it's how we manage and run the company. Our latest example of this is the formation of our Global Business Services group, or GBS, that we announced last week. GBS will leverage common systems across the company, enabling simplified processes and increasing operational speed and agility while providing value to our customers. It brings together the best practices from the company's supply chain management, finance, information technology and human resource functions to drive increased customer satisfaction and improve efficiencies. And it will build on the continuing success of our ongoing enterprise efficiency initiatives by applying proven service delivery practices more broadly across the company. Before concluding, let me spend a minute on the strength of the Raytheon culture and some of the recognition we received last year in 2012. Raytheon continued to deploy its best-in-class environmental health and safety programs, and the company had its safest year in its history. Our recordable injury rate improved 8.6% over 2011. These results are industry leading and are a direct result of our world-class processes and operating discipline. I'm proud of the team's achievement and will strive to build upon our success in the future. Further, the company once again achieved a 100% score on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index, marking the eighth consistent consecutive year we've achieved this recognition. Raytheon was also recognized as one of America's most community-minded companies in the Civic 50, which is the first scientific evaluation used to rank companies that best use their time, talent and resources to improve the quality of life where they do business. Collectively, these achievements reflect the strength of our vision, our strategy, goals and values as principles that bind each of us and our employees together with a common mission of customer success. In summary, Raytheon had a good year. Of course, our solid operating performance in 2012 would not have been possible without the hard work and dedication of the Raytheon team. During the year, with more than its share of external headwinds, the team remained focused and executed well. Together, we're prepared for the future and stand ready to continue to deliver value to our customers and our shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the fourth quarter and full year results, then I'll discuss our outlook for 2013. And after that, Bill and I will open up the call for questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning, which are posted on our website. So if everyone could please move to Page 3. We delivered solid results in both the quarter and the full year. We booked $26.5 billion in new business, ending the year with a $36.2 billion backlog. Our sales were up slightly compared with last year's fourth quarter and down 1.5% for the full year. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $1.60. For the full year, adjusted EPS of $6.21 was up 6%. For the quarter, our adjusted EPS came in higher than the guidance we provided you in October, but below last year's fourth quarter. On a full year basis, operational improvements were relatively consistent in 2012 compared with 2011. However, you'll recall that in 2011, operational improvements were heavily weighted toward the fourth quarter. We also generated strong operating cash flow of $1 billion for the quarter and $2 billion for the year. We were able to achieve very strong cash collections across all of our businesses. This strong performance allowed us to make a discretionary pension contribution of $500 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Additionally, during the fourth quarter, the company repurchased 1.8 million shares of common stock for $100 million, bringing the full year 2012 repurchases to 15.9 million shares for about $825 million. As we've previously disclosed, in the fourth quarter 2012, the company issued $1.1 billion of 10-year debt at 2.5% using the proceeds primarily to retire our 2014 and '15 maturities. We have now lengthened our weighted average debt maturity structure to about 13 years and locked in attractive interest rates over the longer term. The next maturity isn't due until 2018. The company ended the year with a strong balance sheet and net debt of $687 million. Turning now to Page 4, let me go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full year results. We had strong bookings of $7.9 billion in the quarter and $26.5 billion for the full year, resulting in a backlog of $36.2 billion. The book-to-bill was 1.23 in the quarter and 1.09 for the year, which exceeded the high end of our initial expectations from back in January of 2012. The company ended 2012 with a record funded backlog of about $24 billion, an increase of over $1.5 billion from year-end 2011. It's worth noting that both Missile Systems and Space and Airborne Systems had outstanding bookings performance for the full year 2012. In the fourth quarter, we had several significant international awards, including $650 million at NCS for a C4I program; $500 million of missiles for Paveway; $289 million at SAS for its sensor program; and 2 contracts for about $300 million each at IDS, one was for an Early Warning Surveillance Radar and the other was to provide technical and logistics support for a Hawk and Patriot air and missile defense program. Other significant bookings included $332 million at IDS for TPY-2 radars for the Missile Defense Agency; $251 million on the Zumwalt-class destroyer program for the U.S. Navy; and $511 million at IIS on a number of classified programs. MS booked $303 million for Tomahawk for the U.S. Navy and an international customer. Total company backlog increased by more than $850 million over year-end 2011. Turning now to Page 5. We achieved fourth quarter sales of $6.4 billion, slightly higher than the comparable period last year. Looking at the businesses, net sales at IDS were about $1.3 billion in the quarter, up 2%. The increase was primarily due to higher sales on the TPY-2 radar program for an international customer. Missile Systems net sales were $1.5 billion in the quarter, an increase of 4%, primarily driven by higher sales on the SM-3 and the Rolling Airframe Missile programs. It's also worth noting that we've re-baselined the AMRAAM contract with the U.S. Air Force. We now have an updated delivery plan. We are executing well with a qualified second source supplying rocket motors, allowing us to deliver completed missiles to our customer. Space and Airborne Systems had net sales of $1.4 billion in the quarter, up 3% as a result of higher sales on an international tactical airborne radar program. IIS had net sales of $755 million and NCS had net sales of $1.1 billion, both essentially in line with the same period last year. Technical Services had net sales of $831 million, down a little more than $50 million from the comparable period a year ago due to the completion of the National Science Foundation Polar contract in the first quarter 2012. If you move to Page 6, we delivered solid operational performance in the quarter and for the full year. When you compare margins to our prior guidance, all of our businesses met or exceeded the range that we had provided in October. As I previously mentioned, on a full year basis, operational improvements were relatively consistent in 2012 compared with 2011. However, 2011 operational improvements were heavily weighted toward the fourth quarter. Further, as I discussed on the October call, our results include the costs associated with ending a supplier agreement at NCS. As I stand back and look at the year, we delivered strong margins. Our adjusted operating margin increased 20 basis points for the full year. We continue to see meaningful contributions from our ongoing productivity efforts. On Page 7, you'll see both the fourth quarter and full year adjusted EPS. In the fourth quarter 2012, adjusted EPS was $1.60, and for the full year was $6.21 compared with $5.85 in 2011, an increase of 6%. The increase for the full year was driven by strong results from operations and capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases. As I previously mentioned, the company generated strong operating cash flow of $2 billion in 2012. Moving on to our 2013 guidance on Page 8. We see sales in the range of between $23.6 billion and $24.1 billion. As for pension, we see the FAS/CAS adjustment of $286 million, which reflects our investment returns in 2012 of over 12% and the December 31 discount rate of 4.15%. We expect net interest to be between $200 million and $210 million. We see the average diluted share count to be between 324 million and 327 million on a full year basis. As for our effective tax rate, we expect it to be approximately 30%, which includes the R&D tax credit for both 2012 and 2013, which has an impact of about $0.15. The accounting rules required the full retroactive benefit from the 2012 R&D tax credit, worth about $0.08, to be booked in the first quarter 2013. In 2013, we see our adjusted EPS to be in the range $5.65 to $5.80. In addition to the FAS/CAS adjustment, it's worth noting that our 2013 adjusted EPS also excludes the $0.08 benefit of the R&D tax credit that relates to 2012. We see 2013 EPS to be in the range of $5.16 to $5.31. Our operating cash flow guidance is between $2 billion and $2.2 billion. Lastly, I do want to point out that our initial 2013 guidance does not include the potential effect of sequestration. Continuing on to Page 9. From a sales perspective, we see our domestic business down, offset partially by strength in our international business. We expect 2013 adjusted margins to continue to be solid and in the 12.3% to 12.5% range. Given the existing uncertainty that the industry faces and to give us flexibility, we've included 20 basis points of costs in our 2013 margin guidance related to accelerating facility utilization improvements and operating initiatives. We are continuing to take a number of actions to improve the operating structure of the company. We are accelerating facility consolidations, and as you are already aware, we launched Global Business Services. These, combined with our ongoing enterprise-wide supply chain efforts, directly strengthen our competitive posture going forward. We have included the cost of implementing these actions in our 2013 guidance. If you'd now turn to Page 10, we've provided you with our 2013 outlook by quarter. You'll notice the improvement in sales cadence as we go through the year, which reflects program timing and the current environment. We expect bookings to be back-half weighted, similar to last year. And finally, on Page 11. As we've done in the past, we provided a summary of the financial impact from pensions in 2012, as well as the projected impact for 2013 through '15, holding all assumptions constant. We believe this will help you better understand our company over the next few years. I do want to point out that with these assumptions held constant, we expect the FAS/CAS adjustment to significantly improve after 2013, turning positive in 2015. If interest rates were to increase, we would see an even faster improvement in the FAS/CAS adjustments. Let me conclude my saying that in 2012, Raytheon delivered strong operating performance. By focusing on program execution and lowering costs, our margins, earnings and operating cash flow were all ahead of expectations. Book-to-bill was strong. Our backlog in total and our funded backlog increased year-over-year. Our international opportunities continue to be robust. We have a strong balance sheet and net debt of less than $700 million. We continue to find new ways to deliver world-class technologies, improve efficiency and drive productivity. We remain confident in our future and in our ability to continue to create value for our customers and our shareholders. So with that, Bill and I will open the call up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Joe Nadol, JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Bill, could we go to the NCS segments? It looks like your guidance there is for margins coming down a bit, and I know this is where a lot of the operational activity or operational tempo type of activity in your business has been located. But you've been restructuring that business to some degree. Can you just give us an update on what's happening there?
William H. Swanson: Yes, sure, Joe. We feel confident that, that business is stabilized, I guess, a good way to say it. As you know, part of the focus there has been to concentrate on the network part of the business and show why our customers need to be presented with accurate, actionable data on the move. And so for us, when we look at their full year sales and margin, they were consistent with the guidance we gave back in Q3. And in Q4, NCS had bookings of about $1.5 billion, including a key international C4I win, which drove their full year book-to-bill about 1.13, in line with guidance. And bookings increased about $500 million over 2011, positioning them well for 2013. So taken together, I feel pretty good about where we're going and where we're headed in that regard.
David C. Wajsgras: Joe, let me just add one thing. The 2013 guidance also includes about 50 basis points related to the encryption acquisition that we made. So if you adjust for that, it's basically in line with '12.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then, Dave, just on the cash flow and the pension. It looks like you guys anticipate a positive variance in your cash flow of $600 million, I think, from pension from '12 to 13, just looking at the CAS going up and your contributions going down, and your guidance calls for cash flow that's flat to slightly up. What are the opportunities there or are there other headwinds that you're dealing with that -- such that your cash flow wouldn't be a little higher?
David C. Wajsgras: No, your math is right. There is a swing in the pension. There's a couple of things. We had a very strong performance from a cash perspective in Q4, both on the collections side and with respect to performance-based payments and advances. So as you look at 2013, there is about a $300 million swing relative to timing between Q4 and Q1 from a cash standpoint, and we are continuing to post very strong cash performance of between $2 billion and $2.2 billion as we go into '13. So there's nothing remarkable going on there. We continue to perform well from that perspective.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, could you quantify -- when you get the question, if sequestration as currently -- as it currently looks -- or is scheduled right now kicks in, what's the impact to sales in 2013, what's your answer?
William H. Swanson: Joe, let me take a minute and say that we need to get focused on getting sequestration fixed. It's the elephant in the room, it sucks all the air out of every conversation. And by postponing the debt ceiling, we averted a government shutdown, which means federal checking or checks not going out to servicemen or people operating in our government. It would have been a horrible outcome. Sequestration cuts deeply into areas that Dems favor and cuts in areas that Republicans favor. And for me, I think sequestration sets the baseline upon which both sides will do the budget. It puts the budget where it belongs. It's about making hard decisions that need to be made, and we need to make them strategically and not across the board in a peanut butter fashion. So having said all of that, I'm not sure what the outcome of sequestration is since OMB and DOD have really not passed any guidance down. But if I had to look into a crystal ball and use all the intelligence that I can think of and kind of throw a dart at the wall, I would tell you it probably means an additional point or 2 to us as we look at the balance. And you have to remember, we have our strongest funded backlog in our history.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dave, you mentioned that there's a 20 basis point headwinds in the year from a marketing perspective driven by some of these cost initiatives that you're engaging in. I was wondering if you might perhaps describe to us what the eventual benefit you think will come out of those from a margin perspective and when you think we might see those benefits.
David C. Wajsgras: So let me start by saying we are continuing to take a lot of productivity actions, and we're accelerating these in a number of areas. Obviously, there are some implementation costs, which you're addressing, specifically with the utilization actions. And we expect more of these due to acceleration than in the prior years. I think, going forward, these actions position us more competitively. And with the environment that we expect to be seeing over the next few years, it positions us well amongst the peer group.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then on the CAS harmonization, earlier in the 2012 year, you were able to begin increasing your billing rates. And I just want to get an update on how successful those increased billing rates have gone. Have those stuck? And are we actually going to see the full benefits that you might have or you might be able to see in the 2014 and '15 time frame from the harmonization efforts.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. The -- that is playing out as we had anticipated about a year ago, and there's nothing new to report from that perspective. We expect the cash benefit to start being realized as we move into '14 and continue to progress each year thereafter for about a 3- or 4-year time frame. So there's nothing new there and that's going well on all fronts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Given the strong bookings you've had in each of the last 2 years, is it reasonable to expect that maybe next year bookings are going to be more on the order of 1:1? Or do you still expect to come in above 1:1?
William H. Swanson: We expect bookings around 1.0 as you point out. We had a good year this year. We -- when we look at the bookings for 2013, we expect those to be around $24 billion, plus or minus $500 million. We expect about 28% to 30% of those to be international, which is strong for us, and 1:1 or a little over 1:1.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just a follow-up question on the operating margins. Even if I take account of the 20 bps of costs associated with the streamlining of the business, it looks like you're modeling quite a contraction in profitability in the next year. Is there anything fundamental going on? Or is this kind of the standard conservatism that you have at this point of the cycle?
David C. Wajsgras: Right. I wouldn't characterize it as conservatism. There is some mix and timing impacts as we go into 2013. There are some long-duration production programs that are ramping down. We have a number of development programs ramping up, as well as some international production programs ramping up. So there is a mix impact. And again, if you add back the 20 basis points for the cost efficiency programs that we are implementing and roughly 10 basis points at the company level for the encryption acquisition, we believe that the margin profile is resulting in very strong margin performance. So there's nothing, again, that's different there. We think, as we move ahead, we'll continue to post very strong margins and solid earnings.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Copeland of Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of bigger picture questions. This one for Dave. I know you guys have been pretty consistent and balanced in your cash deployment efforts and in your strategy and both in your communications. But as you think conceptually about this year, and as I look at where the balance sheet is now with the debt termed out, you'll be in a kind of net cash position by, looks like Q3. The balance sheet looks the best it has in a long time. To Joe's point, you're going to be generating a lot of cash this year. Presumably, at this point later in the year, we'll have a lot more visibility about where the budget is. Is there any potential that you give stronger consideration to returning more cash to shareholders? Or how does that thought process go given the progress you've made on the balance sheet and given the cash generation you expect?
David C. Wajsgras: We do not contemplate any wholesale changes with respect to our capital deployment priorities. You're correct when you point out the health of the balance sheet and the strength of our cash flow. It does give us an opportunity to be flexible with respect to, importantly, investing in ourselves, returning cash to shareholders, investing in the pension, looking at niche acquisitions. But from an overall standpoint, I wouldn't suggest any significant changes in the way we think about capital deployment.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And one for Bill. Just bigger picture, we now have the election behind us. We're contemplating changes around the department. We obviously had some congressional changes. But given its importance to your international business, I wondered if you might speak to any potential changes you see for the FMS process as we move into a second-term administration, some congressional changes, some changes at the department. Is there scope to sell more goods internationally? Is there pressure in any way? How are you thinking about that given its importance to your business?
William H. Swanson: You hit the nail on the head. One of the things that -- having -- going into -- in my 40th or 41st year here at the company, I've seen a lot. And one of the things that I'm really encouraged about is that the department and others see the importance of the FMS process. For us, we've got a robust pipeline here of activity that we're working on, especially either here in the first quarter or throughout the year. And I would say that the department, State Department and the administration, understands that foreign military sales help us bridge the gap as we go through these headwinds in the sense that, if we have these programs in our factories, they help keep our overheads in control. They help, in some cases, to lower them, which allows the U.S. to make the decisions that need to be made. And we're working with the department, and I can say personally, I'm doing it, in the sense of how we look at the timing of U.S. orders versus FMS orders and how do we balance our factories that way. I'm encouraged. The environment really forces this. But people are listening and they're trying to help in the process, and we've had a number of CNs go through the building. And I expect -- the nice thing, if Senator Kerry is confirmed, when he's confirmed as Secretary of State, he really understands this because he headed up Foreign Relations on the Senate side. So I'd say it's bright and not dim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Pearlstein, Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just one question. I just wanted to follow up on where, I guess, Carter started, which is, if I think about 2012 across the industry and, to some extent, Raytheon as well, there was a slowdown in the pace of using cash. I want to say hoarding some cash in advance of sequestration and continuing resolution. That situation hasn't really changed, so I guess I'm trying to think about, does that mean the pace of buybacks as we go forward in 2013 should also be relatively slow until we get some resolution?
David C. Wajsgras: Sam, the guidance that we provided with respect to the average outstanding diluted share count of 324 million to 327 million suggests a repurchase plan directionally in line with 2012. And that's what I was suggesting when I answered the earlier question with respect to cash being returned to shareholders. We'll also be addressing any change to the dividend as we move forward in the year. We're following the same cadence that we have in prior years, and we'll be discussing this with the board, as we do throughout the year, and talking with the shareholders as we likely close out the first quarter.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just, if I look at the segment guidance for 2013, why, on a year-over-year basis, do you seem to have more of a decline in NCS and SAS than the other segments? Are there certain programs ending? Is it an OCO assumption? Really, what's behind those 2 segments?
David C. Wajsgras: So with respect to NCS, the lower margin is driven by mix, primarily U.S. Army sensor programs nearing completion. It's partially offset by a ramp-up on new international programs. And again, we do have about 50 basis points of impact related to acquisition accounting for the fourth quarter acquisition in that group. With respect to SAS, the operating income declines over '12 due to, again, a change in mix. Here, it's primarily due to international sales moderating slightly, specifically on long-duration production programs, combined with higher sales on new development programs. So again, there's nothing too unusual happening from an SAS perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn, Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: You said, Bill, or maybe Dave, you said this, that there's no sequester in the guidance. But what level of cuts are contemplated in the guidance? And if we -- you also mentioned that if we do get a full sequester, it's 1 point or 2, how much worse is it in '14, just given that it's going to be back-end-of-the-year timing?
William H. Swanson: Yes, as you know, we don't give any guidance in '14. And that one's really hard to figure out, Rob, because, from a point of view of how are the cuts going to be made, I know there are many on the Hill that are trying to give the Secretary and the department the ability to line up their priorities with their strategies and make the cuts. If they're forced into a peanut butter approach where everything gets spread the same, then different outcomes happen. For us, I always think of Raytheon being different. When you look at 26% of our sales being international and having a strong funded backlog, not being -- or agnostic, the platforms, I like to think we're going to fare better than anybody else going into these headwinds. So I would tell you in '14, I look for us to be better than others.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just to follow up on that. Dave, in your revenue guidance, how should we think about organic growth domestically versus international in '13?
David C. Wajsgras: So the range of international growth is 3% to 5%. And from a domestic standpoint, we look to be down about 3% to 5%. So net-net, that's, if you stand back, that's about 1% to 3% down overall from a company perspective.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just last thing, a clarification. What was the underlying margin at NCS when you adjust for the supplier agreement?
David C. Wajsgras: The supplier agreement cost us about $17 million to end that agreement. There's another point I'd like to make here. We also had an inventory write-down in that group worth about $14 million. So combined, it's about $30 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Stallard, Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Bill, a couple of quarters ago, you commented that some of the acquisition targets that were pensioned out that were too expensive. You've made a couple of small deals this quarter. Does that mean these prices started to come down into your comfort level?
William H. Swanson: No, the small deals, we look at each one of them on an independent basis. The wireless RF is a key capability and, especially for vulnerability, I think people have heard me say anything that has an aperture, meaning an antenna or something that takes in signal, is just a door we can knock on to open. And so we wanted to have these capabilities even more so for our customers because we think that's something our customers are going to face as they go forward here. Right now, I can tell you I've not seen a reduction in market prices. Everybody still thinks they're beachfront properties. And so for us, we're pretty disciplined here about how we go and do that. But as you look to the future here, people are going to have to evaluate what they have and maybe the prices will get better. But right now, for us, they're really based on the capabilities we need as a company, and then we draw a line in the sand of what we're willing to pay for something.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And on the export front, you've clearly had several years now of good growth in export bookings. How long do you think this trend is going to last? Do you think it's going to be strong enough to sustain you over, say, a 3 or 4-year period, if the DOD budget is heading down?
William H. Swanson: Yes, I feel pretty good about the international. It's still a complicated world out there. Everybody faces threats, whether you're in the Mideast or whether you're in Asia or other parts of the world. People still want to know what's going on, on their borders, so the surveillance or the ISR capability. And once they know that, they need to tie it into the command and control. And people are worried about missiles now, so missile defense is key in that regard. And then cyber, being able to protect your assets and your communication and your nodes in country are important. So I could go on and on. And I just -- I'm encouraged, as we go forward here, that the international marketplace is one that, from a strategy point of view, we saw it a number of years ago and you see us constantly getting our booking and our sales up on a year-over-year basis. So to answer your question, I feel pretty good about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Harned, Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'm interested in -- when you talk about bookings, very good year this past year. Backlogs are up, funded backlogs are up in every unit except for Technical Services, yet you're guiding to lower revenues in '13. Is this conservatism? Do you expect something different in terms of timing with respect to converting these backlogs? What's happening there?
David C. Wajsgras: So let me start by saying our international sales for 2013 are projected to be up 3% to 5%, and domestically, down about 3% to 5%. You do need to consider program duration on our new awards and the general headwinds in the environment. So you are right. We did see strong orders in 2012. We had a book-to-bill of 1.09, some of which was accelerated from 2013. We had a couple of multi-year awards in 2012, specifically at Missile Systems, that are longer in duration and normally would have been funded in annual increments. We also received some longer duration awards at SAS. Our bookings in 2013 are down slightly, with a book-to-bill of just around 1 or maybe 1-plus a little bit. And the strength in international doesn't quite offset what's happening domestically.
William H. Swanson: And Doug, I would add to what Dave said, that one of the things that we're seeing and I'll have better color on by midyear, some of our international customers are seeing what we can do to accelerate, which could have an effect, but it's a little early right now. But a couple of initial discussions are, can we pull some stuff to the left here.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Well, and on that, could you talk about your expectations for some of these awards? In particular, I know we've seen Turkey and Kuwait kind of slip. And then out there is this -- the DFCA notification on Cutter [ph], which is quite large. Can you talk a little bit about the specific things you're looking at for the year?
William H. Swanson: Sure, I'd be happy to do it. It's -- the nice part is, I want to put in perspective that we did increase our bookings above our expectation. So even with the movement, we met what we said we were going to do, plus a little something extra. And I really want to say that because you know us long enough that, many years ago, if something slipped, that'd be a huge disaster, and that's not the case because we have a super strong portfolio today. So if you look at it, Kuwait, we might have expected that in the fourth quarter. We expect it this quarter. It's in country, just waiting for the signatures, and they have a process there. So we're forecasting that for this quarter. We expected a $750 million, plus or minus. The award will be larger than that, but that will be the initial award because services and spares come a little bit later. We've got Oman in the GBADs, which is a ground-based air defense system. We expect that decision in the first half of this year, probably around the July time frame. That's about $1.5 billion, could be $0.5 billion larger. Turkey Patriot, clearly, there, everyone knows, it's no secret, that they have Patriots on the line now that they've gotten from NATO. We expect a decision here on that in March. They were going to make it in January, but they went back to get some more data. That is competitive there, but from our standpoint, we're doing everything to make sure it's in our wheelhouse. That's a couple billion. Cutter [ph], as you mentioned, there's a CN approved in December. That's for 11 fire units and missiles. We expect an award in late '13, later in the year here, that's a couple billion. Then you throw in $100 million here or there for Paveway's, another $750 million or so for missiles internationally. Our ATM business is about $200 million this year for radars and systems. And then, we've got some Airborne sensing programs we're working on for about $1 billion. So that's just a few of the international things that are going on in the company, to give you an idea. I hope that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cai Von Rumohr, Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So I guess, a follow-on to Doug. What about -- I've been hearing about Saudi. Are they potentially in the market to buy anything from you?
William H. Swanson: Yes, they're one of our great customers. We've been there for 50-plus years. And I would say Raytheon's reputation there is about as good as it's ever been, Cai, and we feel good about it. They're going to -- they're looking at additional missile defense capabilities. They're doing an analysis of SNAP, which is the Navy end of the business. So we feel very good about what we're doing there and the kind of work we're doing for them.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And could that result in any meaningful business awards in 2013?
William H. Swanson: Maybe at the end of the year, but definitely '14.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then you've been sort of complaining about mix going the wrong way. If I look at IDS and add back the 20 bps, the margins are essentially flat with an admittedly good 2012. But isn't your mix maturing there, more Patriots, and then we have Zumwalt work that you've doing for a while moves back up. So is there opportunity for the margins to be better at IDS?
William H. Swanson: Cai, I think Dave did a good job -- not because he's sitting next to me here, but I thought he did a good job explaining the mix issue. And you know, as well as I do, that when we start our international jobs, we start them lower because there is risk associated with it till we're able to get through the milestones, get our suppliers going and everything. So part of that is the timing and, as Dave would say, the mix. Zumwalt, we feel good about. The third ship is nailed down here. We got some of that awarded in December. But there's also some awards there that are tied up in the continuing resolution because, as you know and I know, the CR won't let you release any funds higher than what was obligated before. So as soon as the CR gets through, then some funds will be released and we'll be off and running. We expect Zumwalt to be probably in about the $300 million range on sales consistent year-over-year.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And last one. As you look at your margin guidance, could you comment which areas do you think maybe have the most opportunity to do better than you projected? And which are the ones where maybe you're nervous, you might have trouble hitting the numbers?
David C. Wajsgras: So Cai, that's an excellent question, and that's why we provide ranges for each one of the businesses. We are, obviously, targeting internally for strength in every one of our businesses across the board. But at this stage, late January, I think it's fair to say that we've provided the bookends, and we see every one of our businesses working through that within those bookends throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Shapiro, Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Dave, this is the first quarter you've had year-over-year decline in margin, as well as sequential in, I mean, an awful long time. Why shouldn't I conclude that, effectively, the margins peaked in '12 and your guidance, even though usually conservative for '13, has been down a little bit more?
David C. Wajsgras: George, I joined the company about 7 years ago and people were suggesting our margins peaked 7 years ago and...
William H. Swanson: And every year since.
David C. Wajsgras: And I believe I've been asked that question about 111 times since then, and every year, we've continued to show improvement. It doesn't mean that, that happens each and every quarter or each and every year, but over time, we believe we'll continue to improve margins and returns. Now 2012, the cadence, with respect to our operational improvements, were weighted in the first 9 months of the year. And comparing the fourth quarter 2012 to 2011, the operational improvements or what some term the EAC adjustments, were weighted in the fourth quarter of '11 as opposed to the fourth quarter of '12. Moving forward, we're continuing to take a lot of actions relative to cost and productivity improvements. We've talked to some of those today. Our guidance includes about 20 basis points relative to implementing some of those actions. I'd say, over the longer term, 3, 4, 5 years out, we would continue to see some upward movement from a margin and return perspective.
George Shapiro: But Dave, if I look at like EACs on average, say, I don't know what the fourth quarter was yet, but have been incremental to the tone of 2 to 3 percentage points of margin. And if you go back several years ago, that was more like 1%, 1.5%. With some of these production programs ending, I mean, why wouldn't those EAC levels go back to where they were there several years ago?
David C. Wajsgras: So they do run, on average, in the mid-2% range. They are weighted toward fixed-price programs, obviously, as well as our production programs, both domestically and internationally. As we continue to expand our international footprint, we continue to see opportunities to drive productivity in those areas. So I would suggest, taken as a whole, the makeup of the backlog and the makeup of the pipeline from a growth perspective suggest that we ought to be able to and that we're confident in continuing to drive productivity improvements.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then I'll go back to my simple one that you probably have at your fingertips anyway. Of the 3% to 5% domestic decline in '13, what's the classified component of that?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, for '13, what we're seeing is classified bookings and sales to be in the range of 14% to 16% of the total.
George Shapiro: Which would imply what kind of percentage increase over '12?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, right now, you'd have to back into the range. But again, I think, at this stage, the 14% to 16% of the total is the best way to provide that information.
George Shapiro: And that was the same in 2012?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, in 2012, our classified sales grew 1 point -- well, let me step back for a minute. Classified bookings for the year were 16% of total bookings and up 30% over 2011. Classified sales for the year were 16% of our total sales and in line with 2011, actually up a little bit.
Todd B. Ernst: Chanel, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Sure. And the final question comes from the line of David Strauss, UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Bill, I know you talked about the guidance not reflecting sequestration, but are you assuming we actually get a budget this year? Or are you assuming we have a full year of continuing resolution?
William H. Swanson: For us, right now, it looks like the CR is scheduled at the end of March. My gut tells me it's more like the end of May with everything lining up. And if I had to guess on sequestration, and this is a guess, I'll qualify it, that we'll probably end up touching the stove and feeling the heat, which means it'll happen and then people are going to work to put it back in the box. Hope that helps.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But -- so you expect, ultimately, we get a budget but it's pretty late in the year?
William H. Swanson: Yes, yes. That's the way I'd say it. We need to do it and it -- to me, the tone and tenor in Washington is people are starting to think about how serious this is. And as I mentioned, both sides want some things, and when you do that, you sit down at the table and you work it out in a bipartisan way and that's what we need to do as a country.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Dave, a couple of questions. EACs in the quarter and what is your assumption for cash taxes in '13?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. EAC's in the quarter were about 2.2% of revenue. And again, that's because they were weighted to the first 9 months of the year. With respect to cash taxes, in 2013, we expect that to be about $650 million.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And what was the number in '12?
David C. Wajsgras: A little over -- about $840 million.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then on the bookings versus sales question that's been asked a couple times. I guess, specifically looking at missiles and SAS where bookings were up year-over-year, yet you're forecasting sales flat to down there, is there anything -- any specific reason as to why those businesses wouldn't be up given the bookings trend?
David C. Wajsgras: No, again, there's nothing remarkable going on there. Sales are in line from a Missile Systems perspective, 2013 with 2012. There's increased production rates on Tomahawk, SM-6, AMRAAM and some other core programs, which are offsetting lower production rates across various Army programs. Again, this is the area where we did have multi-year bookings, and those are clearly longer in duration than you might otherwise expect.
William H. Swanson: And I would add in there, we expect Missiles to probably have about 25% of their business is international and about 1/3 of SAS's bookings are international.
Todd B. Ernst: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter conference call in April. Chanel?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Vice President of Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Peter J. Arment - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chanel, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results we announce this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another solid quarter. Our operating margin, EPS and cash flow were above expectation. Overall, the businesses executed well in the quarter. We remain focused on reducing our costs, improving our productivity and delivering innovative, affordable solutions to our global customers. As we said on the last call, we expected bookings to ramp up in the last half of the year, and our third quarter orders came in strong at $7.3 billion. Notable awards included more than $1.2 billion for the Standard Missile-3, which follows on 2 successful intercepts that we had in the second quarter. Our classified book-to-bill was approximately 1.2 and has been above 1 every quarter this year. We also received significant awards for domestic and international training. In addition, I'd like to highlight one of Raytheon's core market areas, C3I or command, control, communications and intelligence. Within this area, we're a leading provider of strategic communication terminals. We currently are providing the Navy Multiband Terminal or NMT for the Navy, as well as the Secure Mobile Anti-Jam Reliable Tactical Terminal, also known as SMART-T to the U.S. Army. Adding to our success in this area, during the quarter, we are awarded a $70 million competitive development contract for the FAB-T program. This is a significant effort, and it enhances our secure communications position within the U.S. Air Force as well. FAB-T will allow communications between military aircraft, ground sites and the new higher data rate satellites, and like the systems for the Navy and the Army, it will allow secure protected communications for our customers' most sensitive missions. Also, during the quarter, the Air Force awarded us a steady contract to help define the next generation of tactical protected SATCOM systems. These wins, plus our existing franchise, positions us well for the future. Our international pipeline is strong, with Kuwait Patriot completing the congressional approval process in late August, and we expect to book an award by the end of the year. Other international opportunities are proceeding through the process, including a large precision munitions award, a C4I system, a Rolling Airframe Missile, and just -- these are just a few among many others that we are pursuing in the fourth quarter. Over the past years, we've pursued a strategy of growing our international business, and I'm encouraged and pleased by the increasing number of international opportunities for the company. At the same time, as we know, the timing of international awards is always a factor. It's the nature of the business. The bottom line is, for 2012, combining our strong domestic orders and our substantial international opportunities. We remain confident about achieving the $25 billion plus or minus $500 million booking objective we set in January of this year. At the end of the third quarter, congress passed a continuing resolution for the fiscal 2013 defense budget that runs through the end of March next year. They've become a way of life, essentially in this fiscal environment. This one is a little different in that it extends past the January 2 sequestration implementation date. While the CR does not preempt sequestration, it does provide a mechanism for continued funding through the end of March, should sequestration be delayed. Although we continue to believe a resolution could occur after the election, we're planning for a variety of potential outcomes. As you've heard me say on prior calls, we're focused on the things we can control. This includes operating the business as efficiently as possible and delivering value for our customers and our shareholders, regardless of whether sequestration happens or not. We believe that Raytheon's large international market presence, portfolio of programs, technology and focus on high-priority areas should help to mitigate some of the potential overall impact the sequestration has implemented. Importantly, over the past several years, we've made the investments in common systems and infrastructure across the entire company. This enables us to be more agile. We can more effectively balance workloads. We can win work anywhere, design it anywhere and build it anywhere across the company. This allows us to respond quickly in this dynamic budget environment that we're currently experiencing. I'd like to thank the Raytheon team for their hard work and dedication. In an environment marked by higher-than-normal level of complexity and uncertainty, the team has remained focused and has executed well. We're prepared for the future and stand ready to continue to deliver value to our customers and our shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the third quarter highlights, and then we'll be move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. Okay, if everyone could please move to Page 3. As Bill noted, we reported solid operating results in the third quarter. The company had strong bookings in the quarter of $7.3 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.21. Our adjusted EPS of $1.60 was up 15%, driven by continued operational improvement and capital deployment actions. Adjusted operating margin was 13.8%, up 80 basis points compared to last year's third quarter, reflecting strong performance for the company. Sales were $6 billion in the quarter, down slightly from last year's third quarter. We delivered strong operating cash flow from continuing operations of $1.1 billion better than expected, and primarily driven by the timing of collections. We've updated our full year 2012 guidance, which I'll address further in a few minutes. During the quarter, the company repurchased 2.2 million shares of common stock for $125 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 14.1 million shares for $725 million. Turning now to Page 4. Let me start by providing some detail on our third quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $7.3 billion, and on a year-to-date basis were $18.6 billion, representing a year-to-date book-to-bill ratio of 1.04. We continue to see our book-to-bill range for the full year 2012 of between roughly 1 and 1.05x. Notable bookings in the third quarter included $1.2 billion of missile systems for SM-3 for the Missile Defense Agency. MS also booked $350 million on a multi-year TOW missile contract for the U.S. Army and Marines, $101 million for Phalanx Weapon System for the U.S. Navy and an international customer and $87 million for MALD, our Miniature Air-Launch Decoy for the U.S. Air Force. Technical Services booked $246 million for work on the Air Traffic Controller Training contract, ATCOTS, for the FAA. CS also booked $252 million and $137 million, respectively, for domestic and foreign training programs in support of the Warfighter FOCUS Program. Intelligence and Information Systems booked $170 million on a contract to provide intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance support to the U.S. Air Force. Integrated Defense Systems won a competitive award of $123 million for the upgraded Early Warning Radar System for the MDA and the U.S. Air Force. IDS also booked $84 million to support air and missile defense capability for the U.S. Army. And as Bill just highlighted, Network Centric Systems received a $70 million award for the Family of Advanced Beyond Line of Sight Terminals program for the U.S. Air Force, a key competitive win for the Raytheon team that positions us well to address the Air Force's need for secure, protected communication by leveraging proven technology that we've also provided to the Army and Navy. IIS and SAS booked $559 million and $382 million, respectively, on a number of classified programs. Backlog at the end of the third quarter was $35 billion compared to $35.3 billion at the end of 2011. On a funded basis, our backlog is up over $400 million from the end of 2011, and up approximately $1.2 billion from the same period last year. If you'd now move to Page 5. Sales were slightly below last year's third quarter. By business, IIS, missiles and SAS had sales essentially in line with the comparable period last year. IDS had third quarter 2012 net sales of $1.3 billion, an increase of 8% on a year-over-year basis. The increase from prior year is primarily due to stronger international sales on Patriot programs and the TPY-2 radars. Technical Services had net sales of $785 million, down a little more than $30 million from the comparable period a year ago due to the completion of the polar contract in the first quarter of 2012. NCS had net sales of $963 million in the quarter. The 13% decrease in net sales was primarily due to the decline of some U.S. Army production programs. Some international programs, which we had expected to book earlier in the year, have moved to the right and we have updated our guidance accordingly. It's notable that NCS' book-to-bill was greater than 1 in the last 2 quarters, driven by both domestic and international orders. For the full year, the business is expected to achieve a book-to-bill of between 1.1 and 1.5x. Moving ahead to Page 6. We're pleased with the overall company operating margin. The year-over-year improvement was driven by operational performance. Our adjusted margin was 13.8%, an increase of 80 basis points. On a year-to-date basis, our adjusted margin was 13.5%, up 90 basis points over the comparable period in 2011. The strength in our company margins is the result of our planning process, including our continued focus on improving productivity, strong execution across the company and contract mix. We are realizing the benefits from reduced cost in our administrative functions, improved efficiencies in our factories and increasing value from the implementation of strategic supply chain initiatives. As we have said in the past, Raytheon's Six Sigma efforts are driving tangible results for the company. So looking at business margins. Several international Patriot programs, including Taiwan and Saudi and an international missile defense radar program have now moved into full-rate production at IDS, and they are executing well. The favorable performance on these programs is being driven partially by the benefits realized from the economies and efficiencies of increased volume flowing through the factory. This, along with a change in mix, has favorably impacted the IDS margins. Missiles and SAS margins were up in the quarter compared to the same period last year. Solid overall program performance drove improvements at both businesses, as well as favorable mix at SAS. NCS delivered solid margins in the third quarter of 2012 but were lower compared to the third quarter of 2011, primarily due to a change in mix driven by higher net sales on long-term production programs last year, and as we have already discussed, the timing of international awards. And the Technical Services' third quarter 2011 operating margins benefited from efficiencies realized on some programs that completed last year. So overall, the company continues to perform well. Turning now to Page 7. Third quarter 2012 adjusted EPS was $1.60, up 15%. The increase was driven by operational improvements and capital deployment actions, specifically, share repurchases. And on a year-to-date basis, adjusted EPS was $4.61, up 12% from the same period last year. If you could please move to Page 8. I'd like to briefly comment on our updated outlook for 2012. We've lowered and narrowed the range for full year 2012 net sales, primarily due to the timing of awards at NCS. We now expect sales to be in the range of between $24.3 billion and $24.7 billion. As we have done in past years, during the third quarter, we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of the update, FAS/CAS pension expense for the year decreased by $32 million from $284 million to $252 million. We increased our adjusted EPS guidance for the year by $0.10 to reflect the strong performance through the end of the third quarter. We see adjusted EPS of between $5.85 and $5.95. You should note that we also increased our 2012 guidance for GAAP EPS to between $5.36 and $5.46, which includes the expected margin improvement for the year, as well as the updated full year FAS/CAS pension expense. As I mentioned earlier, we generated strong operating cash flow in the quarter, which is primarily the result of timing of collections. A portion of this is expected to increase our cash flow for the year. As a result, we've increase our 2012 guidance for operating cash flow from continuing operations by $100 million to between $1.8 billion and $2 billion. Overall, our updated outlook for 2012 reflects our ability to drive results through performance improvements. If you move to Page 9. I'll discuss some detail on our full year guidance for 2012 by business. So let me start with sales. We've increased the IDS full year sales outlook by $100 million as a result of strong growth in international programs. We tightened the full year sales range for IIS, missiles and SAS. We also lowered and tightened NCS' full year sales range to reflect the timing of new international awards and TSS' full year sales range due to delays on domestic training and logistics programs. Now turning to margins. We've increased the range and expect higher full year operating margin performance for IDS, IIS, missiles, SAS and Technical Services. The strong year-to-date results exceeded our prior estimates. We lowered the range of our full year operating margin guidance for NCS, driven by a change in mix due to delays in a few international awards, one of which we expect to receive in the fourth quarter. You should be aware that the fourth quarter outlook also includes costs related to potentially terminating a supplier agreement. From an overall standpoint, Raytheon remains well positioned going forward. We continue to invest in critical technologies. We relentlessly focus on execution, and we have a broad and balanced portfolio of programs. We will continue to improve productivity and deliver value to our customers and shareholders. Now turning to next year. As we did last year, we intend to provide 2013 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. So if you could please move to Page 10, we have provided a FAS/CAS pension adjustment matrix for 2013, as we've done in prior years. And just to be clear, the discount rate and the actual asset returns won't be known until we close out 2012. It is worth noting that given the current interest rate environment with discount rates at historical lows today, we expect to see improvement to the FAS/CAS pension expense in 2014 and beyond, assuming even a modest increase in rates in the future. Before we open it up for Q&A, let me summarize. We had a solid third quarter and exceeded the operating margin, EPS and cash flow guidance we provided back in July. Our book-to-bill was 1.2 or put another way, our bookings exceeded our sales by 20%, once again highlighting how our innovative and affordable solutions are aligned with our global customer priorities, and providing a solid foundation for the future. We continue to move ahead with our efficiency initiatives, which importantly, have provided savings for our customers and driven solid financial performance for the company. We are confident in our outlook for the year. With that, Bill and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joe Nadol, JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to start out -- I hear you on the international items, and thanks for the detail you gave there. So wondering if you guys have formally adjusted your expectations of the components of those bookings for the year or if you're just kind of sticking with what you have so far since you're keeping your overall number. And then also, Bill, just any color you can give on the hold up? Is this end-market related? Or is this the FMS process in Washington that's holding it up, et cetera?
William H. Swanson: Yes, Joe. Let me try and frame it first from the top. We still expect bookings to be in around the 25% to 28% of our total bookings. So from our standpoint, we feel pretty good that what we said we were going to do in January, we're doing. The good part on the international is no cancellations, and we're just being cautious as we look at the market, getting into it. We said the back half of the year was where our activity was going to be, and we brought in over $7 billion worth of bookings, and we expect Q4 to be strong. Maybe what I should do is give you some color the way I think about it if I look at the Q4 bookings. We expect IDS to bring in about $2.5 billion worth of bookings. 60% of that is international. Kuwait Patriot will drive that. We have a congressional notification that's been approved. That total award is in the $1.2 billion range, but we probably expect $750 million to $800 million in that because they'll buy the fire units first, and then they'll go to buy the spares and the services shortly thereafter. The balance of what they're going to bring in is domestic orders. Those are mainly in the naval area, and they've got a few other international contracts there. IIS will bring in about $750 million. These are all plus or minus a little, and they're mainly in the classified area. If I think about missiles, they have bookings of around $1 billion; 2/3 of what they're going to bring in is international. The largest there is a munition program, Paveway. We expect to get that approval, and we expect it to happen and the balance will be domestic. In NCS, our bookings there will be about $1.5 billion. As Dave mentioned, we've signed and expect the customer to sign momentarily an award, and are probably around $600 million to $700 million, in that range, and the balance there will be domestically as we look at it. SAS, we expect bookings there of about $1 billion. About 60% of those are international, and the biggest piece is related to Tactical Airborne radars. Classified, probably a couple hundred million there. And TS bookings, we estimate around $300 million, and that'll be in training and logistics program, about 60% of those internationally. So overall, we see a strong Q4 bookings around $6 billion to $7 billion. And from our standpoint, over half of those will be international. I think that gives you a pretty good color of what we're trying to do and to finish out the year.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, that's very helpful, Bill. Just any color on the FMS process and if that's creating any delays or it's normal?
William H. Swanson: Yes, it's -- there's a little bit of a delay there. I mean, we have to go through the congressional notification process. Things are moving. I'm not pointing any fingers at anything, but we'd sure like the process to be quicker if we could move them. These are international sales. They're good jobs here domestically, and we'd like to keep pushing as hard as we can, but we are in an election year, and we kind of looked at this at the beginning of the year and knew something would happen, but we're getting great support out of the building and people are trying here, but it's taken us just a little bit longer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Copeland of Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. One, I noticed that the share repurchase was a little bit less in Q3 than you'd done earlier in the year, at least, it looked like that. Was there any just sort of conservatism, given the budget uncertainty that we're dealing with as we head into the back half of the last quarter of the year? And with sequestration sitting there next year, did that weigh on your share purchases in the quarter?
David C. Wajsgras: So back in January, Carter, we had talked about moderating our share repurchases for 2012, going forward, relative to prior years. So frankly, we're executing along those lines, and the way the cadence has played out was something that we had essentially anticipated back in January. I think, importantly, we feel very good about the cash flow generation, both on the quarter and year-to-date. And I think it's worth noting that we've increased our guidance to between $1.8 billion and $2 billion of cash on the year.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great, that's what I recalled. I just wanted to make sure there was no sort of difference in message. And the second question, Dave, is one of -- a more mechanical one. We're all struggling to figure out what sequestration is going to mean for 2013 as you are as well, and I'm sure you're evaluating lots of scenarios, but putting the topline impact aside, if you were to think about the mechanics about how you will evaluate the impact of sequestration on margins, given that we'll already be done with Q4 and you'll probably be closing out your EAC shortly thereafter and we won't know really what's going to happen with contractual actions by the time you report Q4 results, and may not know by the time you report Q1 results. When is it realistic in the sort of mechanical process of how you're going to set EACs and determine profit rates, that you'll have a realistic read on what the impact of sequestration could be for your margin rates?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So I will try to answer the number of questions that you just put forward. There are many factors to consider when you're thinking about this, and frankly, at this stage, it's hypothetical. So the speculation isn't all that easy. Now with that said, a lot of this depends -- for various companies, not just Raytheon, but if you stand back, a lot of this depends on how companies' programs are going to be impacted overall. So for example, if the decreases are tied to a dedicated facility, and that's not a situation that we would want to be in and frankly, we don't find ourselves in that situation, the cost associated with the facility could have a negative impact on the margin profile. It also depends on whether a program or programs are being canceled or stretched out, whether they are funded or unfunded. The overall program mix of the company and whether or not you have offsets, things like international business, and again, from Raytheon's perspective, we believe that's a strength. I think most importantly is our ability to react quickly to any type of reductions from a cost structure standpoint. We know how to react in this regard, and you can see that especially if you look in the rearview mirror. Just look at the facts and look at the results we've posted and the margins we've been able to achieve. We do have a broad portfolio of programs, and the fact that we have company-wide systems, again, which we've talked to in the past, it does provide us with a lot of flexibility to help mitigate any kind of pressure on the margin profile. I hope that answers the question.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It does. As kind of a follow-up to that, is it fair to say that it will take an extended period of time into 2013 before we'll really have a decent handle on what some of those impacts might be?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, again, it depends what kind of guidance we get from the customer and if and how sequestration is actually implemented. So it's -- my crystal ball is a little foggy this morning. It's a fair question, but it's very difficult to answer in the hypothetical.
William H. Swanson: Yes. Just a little color to what Dave said. We do not expect the department to cancel programs starting in January. At least some of the discussions have stated that they'll plan their way through it, as Dave said, and for us, we'll do our planning based on both scenarios, a normal -- just a normal year, you'd call, what we're in, versus a year of sequestrations, and what's important is we have a healthy funded backlog.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gursky, Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: David, a quick question for you, and then one for Bill. Dave, you mentioned that there were going to be some costs related to the termination of a supplier agreement. Can you give a little bit more detail about, a, what that is, and b, what the extent of the costs might be? And then Bill, if you could share a little bit about cash deployment going forward and kind of update us on your current thinking on priority.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So relative to the NCS supplier agreement, we are in negotiations, so there's not a lot we can say. What we've done is essentially set up a worst case scenario for the fourth quarter and have assumed a $30 million adjustment to NCS's earnings. That's from a company standpoint in the fourth quarter. From a fourth quarter margin perspective, that's about 50 basis points, but again, it is a worst case scenario, and the team is working through the situation, and we are working hard to not have this happen. But we did think it was appropriate to put that into the guidance in the fourth quarter, so that's Part 1. Part 2, you asked about capital deployment. At this point, we don't see any wholesale changes moving forward. We have a balanced approach. We have moderated our share repurchases in 2012 when compared to 2011. We had a meaningful dividend increase earlier in the year, the eighth consecutive increase on an annual basis. We feel comfortable relative to the funding profile of the pension. You can see, as you dig into the details of our financial results, that we continue to invest in ourselves, particularly in the R&D area. Going forward, we'll continue to -- we'll continue with the acquisition strategy that we put in place a few years ago, adding critical technologies to the overall portfolio. So the short version would be, I wouldn't expect meaningful changes as we look ahead to the next couple of years. I do believe that the company has done an exceptionally good job from a cash performance standpoint and converting earnings into cash, and that puts us in a very good position and gives us a lot of flexibility as we look to 2013 and '14.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned, Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little about NCS, and my understanding had been that you were pretty much done with the impact from decline in war-related activity, and that what was left could be offset by growth elsewhere in the unit, particularly international. That didn't appear to be the case this quarter. I mean, backlogs are holding up well, but do you think we're at the bottom yet with respect to the impact from the decline in Army programs?
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think so, Doug. At least, from what I see, their book-to-bill was above 1 this quarter. We expect it to stay above that. Going forward, I think, for us, NCS went through the transition. They've got a strategy of the power of the network, really, with network-enabled solutions. They're tapping into that for our customers and working it across the business base here in the company. The Army drawdown, they've transitioned from what I'd call single-mission army products to network solutions, bringing actionable intelligence to the individual soldier. That's where we see the Army going. They need to accomplish that on the move. You've heard me talk about MAINGATE, [indiscernible] and Command View and PSDS2, are things that we can do to broaden NCS and help the Army get in there. There are large Army and Navy satellite communications programs. I talked about that earlier on the call. We see that as a real strength for them. And then, of course, I mentioned they'll be getting a sizable contract here in the fourth quarter. We really feel good about it. It's all buttoned up. We just got to wait for the final signature here. We thought we would announce it, but things move a date or a day around here at times. So we feel good about that. And then the thing that's really exciting is our air-traffic business. Demand is there. They're partnering with the FAA to -- of all the terminal automation systems to be interoperable with the FAA and DoD to provide a common operating picture and increase capacity. In short, to implement and deploy NextGen. So we feel pretty good about where they're at, and we look to the vector to be up as we go forward.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then, regarding bookings more generally, in Q3, it looked like a lot of your large awards were heavily U.S. awards this time, and did you see any of the strength in bookings as DoD efforts to get things done before the end of fiscal 2012?
William H. Swanson: No, Doug. We haven't seen a delay, and we've not seen an acceleration. The guidance DoD has is business is normal, obligate the funds and proceed forward. So from our standpoint, it feels normal on the DoD side and kind of what we expected as we looked at things.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I have a long-term question about margins. In both IDS and missile systems, you're entering new territory in terms of profit rates. I think many of us are trying to figure out whether something really structural is taking place that can allow these type of margins to become a new baseline or whether we're just kind of at a crest to the cycle. I think -- if you could help us think about that structurally in terms of both the contracting dynamics and product cycles, that would be helpful.
David C. Wajsgras: So let me start off with kind of the near-term view and then address the longer-term view. So for IDS, the third quarter margins were higher than the guidance that we had earlier provided. That's really the result of the strong execution in our factory operations. So on a quarter-to-quarter basis, if you're looking at Q4, it actually moderates a little bit relative to Q3 and year-to-date, but that's the result of the timing of the efficiencies that we spoke to earlier, combined with the overall schedule acceleration on a number of international programs. Looking forward, we would continue to see strong margins in IDS. I'd suggest, of the 6 business areas, likely the strongest margins for the group, driven primarily by the strength of the international business, specifically, in the air and missile defense area, as well as continued performance on a number of domestic programs as we look ahead. From a missile system standpoint, structurally, there isn't anything too remarkable. I would suggest that the third quarter performance was again driven by a number of areas of focus on the efficiency side and the productivity side, as well as overhead reduction efforts again that we spoke to earlier. Going forward, I'd suggest that margins would be in the general range that we expect for 2012. Again, I'm extrapolating over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard, Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I was wondering if I could ask a couple of questions on your favorite topic of pensions. So I thought, first of all, if you could give us an idea of where your returns are year-to-date, and what the discount is that you're looking at, at the moment, say, out of this 30 of September.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. Returns year-to-date as of last night were just above 10% from an asset plan standpoint. If you were to put a stake in the ground today, we would be looking at around 4.25% discount rate. And I'll remind you, and I recognize you're aware of this, that the discount rate will be set on the last day of the year based on a hypothetical bond portfolio that mirrors the liabilities of the plan. So it's obviously difficult to handicap where that's going to end up. But again, if you're looking at today, we would suggest about 4.25% discount rate. So let me answer your next question before you ask it. If you're looking at the FAS/CAS impact of '13 versus '12, we see that likely increasing by about $50 million, 2013 to 2012, and you can see that if you just look at what's on the pension matrix.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Actually, the next question I was going to ask was something different, was whether you'd assumed any material change in your contributions moving into next year?
David C. Wajsgras: At this stage, we don't see any material change in our contributions. Let me just give you some specifics. From a gross pension funding standpoint, we'll be at around $750 million in '12. And after the CAS reimbursement, we're actually positive, about $100 million. That's the same neighborhood as we look at '13. It's about just under $900 million gross, but again, positive, about $100 million from a cash flow standpoint. I do want to just mention one other thing before we close out this subject. If we look at a 2014 from a FAS/CAS expense standpoint, we see that number being in the neighborhood of -- on an absolute basis, of about $50 million negative, so there is a fairly significant movement in the numbers from '13 to '14.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Rubel, Jefferies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two things I want to just ask about. One is, Bill, as you look at sort of your bid and proposal and opportunities that you're going after, what sort of percentage would you say in general terms is new things that you don't currently have, so that they, in effect, represent market share opportunities?
William H. Swanson: Howard, I don't know if I've broken it down that way. But if I think about it from a technological point of view and where we make our investments and where we're heading, we're seeing more technology and where we're focusing in to upgrade systems. If you take older devices, there's a great opportunity to go from what I'll say are the old maggies [ph] or tubes to solid-state. There's a way to go from gallium to GaN, and so there's a push for us in that area. The other thing that we see an opportunity and you saw this in the EW World, that where you could take multiple systems and go to multi-function systems, and that's an area where we see that taking place. And of course, the last one is that we believe you need technology to be able to reduce manpower. And we think, going into the headwinds, that's something important. So from our standpoint, that's kind of our focus. We see, as our military gets smaller and tries to be more agile in their strategy, we see ourselves going there. And then the other part that something I've talked about before is our CRAD. Our development is running at about $1 billion to $1.5 billion for us, and that's really all the seed corn stuff we see in the company that leads to new programs. And you know, of course, for us, EW, advancing AESA radars on older platforms and so forth are just examples of things we're trying to do. But I don't have a percentage, and I hate to swag it, but it is something I'll go look at, see if I can get an answer.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then just to finish, is that -- part of all of this pressure on defense is obviously units and things like that, but part of it's also process at the customer. Have you been able to be effective either in coming up with some notable solutions or examples that you can take from one business unit to another, where you're contracting costs and processes to deliver the good is really...
William H. Swanson: It's a great question. I've talked about it in B and P funds, bid and proposal. Clearly, for us, we have and are sharing best practices across the company. The number of programs we're bidding on is going up. We're opening the aperture, and one of the things we've found is some of our businesses have got some very creative ways to be able to bid more with no more, and we pass that around the company. The other thing I should have mentioned, back to your original question, in cyber, what we're encouraged about now is we have the ability to work cyber from the network to the cloud to the desktop, to the laptop, to all forms of mobile, and we believe that's an opportunity for us that we haven't had before as we've added some niche acquisitions in here, and I should have mentioned that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Loomis, Stifel, Nicolaus.
William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just looking at -- you did a good job giving us an overview on NCS. But just on IIS and TS, when I look into your guidance for the year and the fourth quarter, it really implies margins in those 2, lower margin units, anyway, going into the low 7s. Is there anything unusual there or conservatism? How do you explain that?
David C. Wajsgras: No. Well, for IIS, I think if you just cut through everything, I would expect the full year margins to be at the top end of the ranges that we've provided. There's nothing unusual or remarkable going on in IIS. They continue to perform well. They're winning a lot of new business. We are very pleased with the way they have delivered results for the company for 2012, and we expect more of the same in 2013. They're particularly strong in the classified area. From a Technical Services standpoint, we talked a little bit about the timing of training and logistics programs shifting to the right. From a margin perspective, the comp to last year's third quarter is a difficult one because we had a number of programs closing out at our customized engineering and depot services area, and that resulted in some margin pickups that otherwise would have occurred later in the year. The roughly low 8% range is about the way to think about that business. They're continuing to perform well. And again, I know I sound a little bit like a broken record, but there's nothing too remarkable happening in that business either.
William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just one quick question on NCS, on the $30 million worst case scenario on the supplier agreement, if I -- I guess if I just add that back to my model based on your implied fourth quarter guidance, you have actually a very good margin in NCS. Is that -- how is that factored into the guidance specifically?
David C. Wajsgras: It's just a -- think of it as directly off the bottom line. It's a $30 million -- it's not a reserve in the accounting sense, but it's a reserve in the guidance that we've built into our projections, and again, we're working hard to not take that impact, and we'll see how things play out over the next month or 2.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein, Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, maybe you can help me with this. You talked about the strong order activity. You had orders kind of $1 billion higher than sales, but when I look at your funded backlog, it actually declined since June. So can you just talk about how things end up going into total backlog versus funded backlog?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, the funded backlog, I think the place I'd like to start would be relative to where we were in this period last year, and that's up about $1.2 billion. With respect to the overall backlog as well as the funded backlog, Sam, there's always timing elements to this, and there's nothing to read into it. Again, quarter-to-quarter, things will ebb and flow. We do feel that the backlog from an overall mix standpoint is very strong. The international backlog is in the high 30% range, and we expect that to increase over time. The average funded portion of the overall backlog runs about 55% to 60%. So again, I don't think -- there's nothing significant to report. There is obviously timing from quarter-to-quarter.
William H. Swanson: And I would add, it's Bill, that at least one customer base, not DoD, is on a monthly funded basis rather than a quarterly funded basis. So the number could even be or should even be higher, so it's caused a little bit of a spike, but we feel pretty good about our funded backlog going into next year.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then Dave, if I can follow up just on the cash flow, you were $400 million or $500 million more than you said you were going to be in terms of cash flow from ops. You said a lot of it's timing, but is this going to imply the fourth quarter is actually below the third quarter? I can't recall you doing that in quite a while, so why are we going see that reverse next quarter?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, again, we did suggest that much of this was timing. I am comfortable with suggesting the higher-end of the cash flow range for the year, and that is a little bit different than what we had been suggesting in the past. Obviously, cash is measured on the last day of the year, so it's always difficult to handicap. But again, I wouldn't say there's anything unusual going on there either.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Arment, Sterne Agee.
Peter J. Arment - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Bill, I want to get your thoughts on just kind of -- you mentioned kind of the changes there or navigating with sequestration, but your thoughts on kind of M&A? We saw, I think, a big announcement last month with the ADS and BAE and obviously, that's not going forward. How -- what's your -- any change in your approach there? I know you guys have been very consistent, but I wanted to get your updated thoughts.
William H. Swanson: Yes, consistency is a good thing and transparency is even better, and no surprise this is the best. And so from our standpoint, I think we think about it the same way. First of all, can we invest in ourselves? If we do that, then we know the kind of margins and returns we're going to get. The next part, can we partner with someone that helps if they have the capability? For us, we have a good record teaming with universities on some of these smaller jobs and programs that we have as we go forward. Dave talked about share repurchase and dividends, how we look at that, and the next part is the M&A, and we're very comfortable with the type of M&A activity we have. We just announced Teligy. That's a strategy, really, there to broaden cyber even further for us. They specialize in wireless RF communication, vulnerability analysis, reverse engineering and rapid prototyping. We're thrilled to have this firm join the Raytheon team, and they just give us more capability in this very complicated cyber world that continues to get more attention. But the bottom line is we have not altered anything, and I can't comment on the transaction other than those are hard to do in this environment.
Peter J. Arment - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Right. And just regarding the smaller niche, Teligy, are you seeing --- are there more opportunities or -- for you where you feel like you have technology gaps? It feels like you already had a very big base to work from in the cyber.
William H. Swanson: Right, we do, but one of the things you have to look at cyber, it evolves. It's a threat that is basically, depending on whether you're right-handed or left-handed, a click of the mouse. And from our standpoint, we've always had this vision of being full service to our customers, and to us, we want to make sure that we can handle not only the network, but the cloud, the desktop, the laptop or what we see. The whole world's going mobile, and that's very vulnerable and as an engineer, I realize that an aperture is a door, and that door can be opened or closed, and we want to be able to provide that service to our customers that we have full knowledge of the spectrum, and that's kind of how we think about it. And oh, by the way, I should point out, as we add these firms, we have a very nice transition plan here in the company, where they become part of it, and what I'm really thrilled about is the acquisitions we made, talking to those leaders, how they feel about joining the company and being able to broaden their capabilities too.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Myles Walton, Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Maybe, first, Dave, on cash, just a clarification. Coming into 2012, they did have some tough comps on customer advances from 2011, and I think at the time you talked about 2013, kind of showing a nice rebound. Kind of thinking about it conceptually between the 2 years, is that still about the right way to think about '13 as you go forward?
David C. Wajsgras: So '13, it's a little early to talk about the guidance. We did come into the year with a balance that was, I would say, high relative to prior years, specifically around customer advances, international customer advances, which is being liquidated in 2012 and 2013. As you know, we have improved cash performance and the guidance that we had suggested back in January. I'll provide more details this January on how we see '13 playing out. But given just the number of moving pieces for '13, I think it's just a little bit early. What I would feel comfortable conveying at this stage is that the cash flow expectations for next year in a general way should be in line with what we're seeing for '12.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And Bill, a question for you on communications, on the defense landscape, it seems like JTRS has been restructured and now is inside of a new program office. And I know Raytheon's engaged on the software side, but it seems like the hardware side is opening up opportunities for you as well. Can you touch on where you think Raytheon fits in that? Are you competing on the vehicular radio competition?
William H. Swanson: Yes. No, we are in -- from my standpoint, I really don't think of it as a radio business anymore. I really think about it is a software business. That's where communication's going, not only in wave forms and so forth, but the other thing that we're going to see a real push on is in secure communications, how do you move data around the battlefield in a secure way. And if you think about it, it's no different than I think what U.S. industry is going to have to think about how corporations move around big data and information in an encrypted format. So from our standpoint, we see that as something that's really important to us, and where part of our focus is here, as you move, think about data from an airborne or a satellite platform, down to a ground station, and then you move that information around. That information has to be secure, and it's secure, really, through software and through wave forms.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But specifically, on the JTRS vehicular radio, have you been able to get a placement in that competition?
William H. Swanson: Yes, we have. And the other thing is MAINGATE really puts a hole in everything there, if you think about it. And we'll be participating -- I think they call it the NIE. Let's see if anybody around here at the table...
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Network Integration Exercise, yes.
William H. Swanson: Yes, you got it. That's good. I'm impressed, but we're participating in that big time, and we're looking forward to demonstrating what our hardware can do, and that's a great environment for us to operate in because we don't believe in [indiscernible]. We believe in hardware.
Todd B. Ernst: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter conference call in January. Chanel?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Former Vice President of Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Deanna and I'll be the operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Deanna. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill. Bill?
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon reported strong or solid second quarter operating performance, driven by great execution across the company. I'm pleased with our performance in the quarter. We continue to focus our efforts on driving efficiencies across the operations and leveraging our portfolio of advanced technologies to capture new business. Bookings were solid in the quarter, with a book to bill of over 1.0, driven largely by our domestic and classified business. Notable bookings include awards for the Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle, Standard Missile-6, domestic and foreign training and several classified contracts. Funded backlog increased by over $600 million year-to-date and by approximately $2.1 billion compared to the second quarter of 2011. Our international pipeline remains robust. At Farnborough International Airshow earlier this month, I had the opportunity to meet with a number of our international customers. And what I can tell you is that there was considerable interest in Raytheon solutions from a broad set of both existing and new customers. Overall at this year's show, we hosted 30 delegations and had over 600 meetings within a short time frame. I'm encouraged by what I've heard from our international customers. They continue to look to us for solutions in the areas of missile-defense, radars, ISRs, cybersecurity, Air Traffic Management and training. In the international market, we continue to set the pace among our peer companies, and in the quarter, international represented approximately about 25% of our total sales. I'd like to take a few minutes to highlight an important achievement in the quarter. Our Standard Missile-3 had 2 successful intercept tests, one on May 9 and the other on June 27. These intercepts, which have been compared to a bullet hitting a bullet outside the atmosphere, demonstrate a critical capability for the United States and our allies. And theyre an example of how Raytheon continues to provide some of the world's most advanced technologies to meet our customers most pressing needs. In terms of contract awards, we received an order for the next block of Multi-Spectral Targeting System for the U.S. Air Force Reaper, UAV in the quarter. The MTS-B, as it's called, is a multi-use electro-optical infrared sensor that also provides target acquisition. This is basically the round ball that many of you see on the predator and reaper drones, and it's just one of the many products across Raytheon that leverage our core EO/IR capabilities. This follows an order received for the dismounted detection radar, DDR, in the first quarter, also for the reaper. DDR is a synthetic aperture radar pod that can be used to detect ground moving targets in all weather, day or night, and it's a product of our core RF capabilities being applied in innovative ways to meet the demands of the war fighter. These products reflect our strong position in the ISR markets, alignment with our customers' priorities, and demonstrate our platform-agnostic strategy at work. This strategy gives us the flexibility to place products on multiple platform vehicles and systems. I would be remiss if I didn't address sequestration. On this topic, there isn't too much enthuse to report from where we were at the end of the first quarter. Congress continues to look at alternative courses of action. However, the reality is this is an election year, which makes coming to a final agreement more challenging. Further, the Office of Management and Budget has not rendered its interpretation of the legislation and the Department of Defense has not indicated its plan for implementing sequestration. So in this context, we continue to plan for a range of potential outcomes. And like we do every day here at Raytheon, we're focused on reducing our costs, optimizing our resources so that we can provide the best value for our customers. Whether sequestration happens or not, it's ingrained here in our culture, and you can see that reflected in our performance. It's a product of our heritage that goes back 9 decades. This month, we're celebrating our 90th anniversary. Back when we were founded in 1922, few could have imagined or envisioned the idea of intercepting a ballistic missile in space. It was basically the realm of science fiction. Today, it's a reality. Certainly, many other things have changed since our founding but what is steadfast is Raytheon's consistent focus on excellence in technology and innovation and tackling some of our customers really hard problems. It is what we're known for around the world and why our customers know that they can count on us today and in the future. I'd like to thank all of those who helped make Raytheon into the company it is today, past and present. Thanks to them and today's world-class team, Raytheon remains well positioned for the future. With that, like to turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay, thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks starting with second quarter highlights and then we'll move onto questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. So if everyone could please move to Page 3. As Bill noted, we did perform well in the quarter. Our adjusted EPS of $1.55 was up 13%, driven by continued operational improvement and capital deployment actions. Adjusted operating margin was 13.6%, up 130 basis points compared to last year's second quarter, reflecting strong performance across the company. For the quarter, total bookings were $6.2 billion and sales were $6 billion, both of which I'll discuss further in just a moment. We are increasing our full year EPS guidance and cash flow outlook, which I'll address further in a few minutes along with other updates for 2012. During the quarter, the company repurchased 4 million shares of common stock for $200 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 11.9 million shares for $600 million. If you move to Page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $6.2 billion, and on a year-to-date basis were $11.3 billion. As I mentioned previously, we continue to see the order book back-end loaded this year and as a result, we expect the book-to-bill to expand. We estimate a full year book-to-bill range of between roughly 1x and 1.05x. Notable bookings included $687 million at missile systems for the EKV contract for the Missile Defense Agency. MS also booked $348 million for Tomahawk for the U.S. Navy and international customers and $302 million for the production of Standard Missile-6 for the U.S. Navy. Technical Services booked $568 million for domestic training and $90 million for foreign training programs in support of the Warfighter FOCUS program. Space and Airborne Systems booked $205 million to provide Multi-Spectral Targeting Systems for UAVs to the U.S. Air Force. Integrated Defense Systems booked $134 million to provide advanced Patriot air and missile defense capability for an international customer. And Network Centric Systems booked $90 million on the STARS program for the FAA, and $82 million on the Advanced Field Artillery Tactical Data System for the U.S. Army. In addition, IIS and SAS booked $458 million and $462 million, respectively, on a number of classified programs. Backlog at the end of the second quarter was $33.9 billion compared to $35.3 billion at the end of 2011. And as Bill mentioned, on a funded basis, our backlog is up over $600 million from the end of 2011, and up approximately $2.1 billion from the same period last year. If you now move to Page 5, sales were in line with our expectations. When we first talked about 2012, we said the sales cadence would improve as we progress through the year in part due to the timing of the international awards that we received in the back half of 2011. Basically, our view of how we see the year playing out hasn't changed. By business, IIS, missiles and SAS had sales essentially in line with the same period last year. IDS had second quarter 2012 net sales of $1.2 billion. The change from prior year was primarily due to lower volume on a U.S. Navy program. NCS performed as expected, with net sales of approximately $1 billion. The change in net sales was primarily due to the planned decline in production of the U.S. Army programs. And Technical Services had net sales of $821 million, down slightly from the comparable period a year ago primarily due to the completion of the Polar contract in the first quarter of 2012. Moving ahead to Page 6. We're pleased by our overall company margin performance. Once again, showing year-over-year increase, which is driven by operational improvements. Our adjusted margin was 13.6%, an increase of 130 basis points. And on a year-to-date basis, our adjusted margin was 13.3%, up 90 basis points over the comparable period in 2011. The strength in our underlying margin in the quarter was due to our continued focus on execution. We benefited from labor overhead and material efficiencies across the company, some of which were expected in the back half of this year. During the second quarter, a few of the businesses exceeded our targeted improvements on a number of international programs which we don't see recurring in the second half. We continue to move forward with our productivity initiatives driven by Six Sigma: rationalizing our supply base, improving our direct to indirect ratios, finalizing our common business systems implementation, reducing our real estate footprint, as well as implementing overhead and administrative cost improvements across the company. These actions continue to drive value for our shareholders and our customers. So looking at margins by business. IDS, IIS, missiles, SAS and Technical Services margins were all up in the quarter compared to the same period last year. At NCS, the change in operating margin in the second quarter of 2012 compared to second quarter of 2011 was primarily due to a change in contract mix. NCS margins in the second quarter were in line with our expectations for the year. Overall, the company continues to perform well. So if you'd now move to Page 7. Second quarter 2012 adjusted earnings per share was $1.55, up 13%. The increase was driven by operational improvements and capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases. And on a year-to-date basis, adjusted EPS was $3.01, up 10% from the same period last year. On Page 8, you'll note that we raised our full year 2012 EPS guidance by $0.15 to a range of between $5.15 and $5.30, and on an adjusted basis, to a range of between $5.70 and $5.85. About 2/3 of the increase is driven by the performance improvements in the business that I spoke about a moment ago, and a little less than 1/3 is due to the recently passed pension legislation. We repurchased 4 million shares of common stock for $200 million in the quarter and have now narrowed our diluted share guidance for the year. And as I discussed a few minutes ago, we've increased our 2012 guidance for operating cash flow from continuing operations by $100 million to between $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion due to the recently passed pension legislation. The new law will not have an impact on our 2012 FAS/CAS expense. In addition, we continue to see the cadence of cash generation weighted to the back half of the year. Essentially, our view of the cadence of cash flow from operations for the year hasn't changed. And as you can see on Page 9, we've included the change in our guidance by business. The increase in margin guidance at IDS and SAS reflects solid overall program performance. On Page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, earnings per share and operating cash flow from continuing operations for the balance of 2012. I'd like to take a minute to touch on how we're preparing for the future here at Raytheon. Technology and innovation, along with our people, continue to be our cornerstone, and these are areas where we continue to make the right investments. Some good examples of this are RMS's factory of the future in Tucson, and a new all-up round facility in Huntsville, both of which should improve production efficiency and quality. In addition, our new cyber center, which we call the code center, has come online in the Washington, DC area. It incorporates our latest cyber technologies to better serve our customer needs across the company. We continue to directly invest in R&D in such areas as multi-function wideband systems, pulse weapons, automatic target recognition, smaller and more precise missiles, resilient networks and cyber products, just by way of example. Before we open it up for questions, let me summarize. We saw solid performance in the second quarter and it exceeded the EPS and margin guidance we provided back in April, even as the environment remains challenging. Our book to bill was above 1 and our sales were in line with expectation. As we look to the balance of the year, the pipeline of international and domestic opportunities remains robust. We continue to move ahead with our efficiency initiatives and are confident at our outlook for the year. With that, Bill and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Joe Nadol, JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted to get a little color, if you wouldn't mind, David, just on the cumulative adjustments in the -- for performance in the quarter, what are you going to disclose in your Q? And is there anything you're going to call out in particular in terms of programs? And whatever you can tell us about IDS in particular would be helpful.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay, so, right. The Q will have all the disclosure that you just suggested. The EAC adjustments, I think this is what you're getting at, in the second quarter, were about $175 million, a little under a $60 million improvement from the second quarter last year. That was driven by a couple of key factors, but there's obviously a multitude of adjustments given our 8,000 programs and 15,000 contracts. From a missile systems standpoint, they improved about $21 million as the result of improvements in a land combat systems program. There was also material and other cost efficiencies in the international tactical radar product area at SAS. On a year-to-date basis, the EAC adjustments amount to about 2.6% of revenue. So in general, we run about 2% to 2.5% of EAC adjustments relative to sales, that's been the historical pattern over the last 4 or 5 years. The first half was on the higher end of the range. We do expect it to be lower in the back half. That's primarily driven by the acceleration of cost efficiencies that I mentioned earlier, much of these were originally planned for the back half of the year. I do want to point out something else on the margin profile because it's driven by a number of different factors. You have the mix of programs, meaning the stage of completion, international versus domestic, development versus production, and fixed price versus cost by contract. So if you're looking at the margin going forward, you need to consider all of these factors. From a business perspective, the opportunities are weighted toward our production and international programs over our cost and service type programs. So a way to think about this might be, if you look at Technical Services or IIS, these businesses have a higher mix of cost and service programs so they don't offer the same level of opportunities as some of the other businesses. Now for IDS specifically, the strength of the second quarter margins were due to continued focus on execution, again, some of which we had expected in the third and fourth quarters. We also achieved better-than-expected results on a few performance milestones. IDS did exceed our internal performance targets on some international programs, and again, we don't see this recurring in the back half of the year. Given the order book, particularly in the international area, we do see stronger volume from IDS and continued solid performance, particularly from factory operations.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Harned, Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about international orders for the year and what you see as the timing over the next 2 quarters? And then related to that, Bill, you talked about Farnborough in some of the international discussions you had, could you talk about what you're hearing with respect to events in the Middle East and how that might affect demand for different capabilities that you have now?
William H. Swanson: Sure, be happy to. I'll run through a few international. Notification on Kuwait is taking place as we speak. We expect approval of that by the end of August. Kuwait will be for 2 to 4 fire units, roughly. We're figuring the first tranche at about $1 billion there. Turkey, because of what's going on in Syria, and so forth, was supposed to have their decision this summer. It looks like it'll be at the latter part of this year so we expect to hear their decision now at the latter part of Q4. Oman will be purchasing a ground-based system thatll probably be in $1.5 billion range. We expect that Q4 time frame, maybe Q1. We have precision munitions, in the category of Paveway, we expect about $500 million cumulative in Q4 there. Air traffic control radar is probably $200 million to $300 million between now and the end of the year. We expect missiles, TOW, SM and the other things we build, probably around $500 million, plus or minus $100 million for that. Training in the $150 million to $200 million. And international C4I, we finished negotiations in an area there and we expect that one to probably be in the Q3, early Q4 time frame. So as you can see, a rich pipeline there. The airshow was interesting for us, it was a great opportunity for me. I always call it a target rich environment because all our customers are there, and you get to spend time with them in a different kind of atmosphere, and talk about some of their problems. Clearly, for the Mideast, missile-defense is important whether you look at Saudi, UAE, Qatar, Oman, those are all areas for us that have interest in providing air defense for a number of reasons given the issues they have in that part of the world. You didn't mention the Pacific Rim, that's also very active for us when you look at the threats that they have and various countries either trying to disrupt navigation or control navigation on the seas there. So that has an effect internationally. It also has an effect domestically as people try and think about keeping the United States out of the shipping lines. So for us, we look at both of those areas and what they were talking to us about right in our wheelhouse. And they come to us to help them provide full solutions, not just products. So that's one of our strengths. So I felt very good about the airshow this year.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: As you look at this, I mean these issues have been there for some time, I'm just curious. The discussions you're having now, have you seen any change in the last 6 months?
William H. Swanson: Yes. I would say the changes were pulling out of Iraq, Afghanistan. So the U.S. has had a big presence there for the last, what, 10 years. And if the U.S. is pulling out then various countries realize that they have to do more and I think they're thinking about that and taking action very seriously.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel, Jefferies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Bill, you've talked about the challenging environment, you talked about international a little bit. Can you sort of talk about how else you've changed the aperture of the company? And also, can you discuss how you are going to be able to take advantage of sort of these, I'll call it, lower cost efficiencies going forward so that you share fairly with your customer as opposed to give it all back?
William H. Swanson: Yes. I think, Howard, I'd describe it in a number of ways. It really -- I think your question goes to the heart of sequestration and we've got 5 months to avoid it, between today and first part of January. Weve spent time assessing the various outcomes that could take place, where the cuts would come from. When you look at all of that, for us, I think I've said it before, I'm not in charge of the administration, I'm not in charge of Congress, but what we all are in charge of here is our own destiny. So how do we make sure our program performance is flawless? How do we shorten our timelines? How do we reduce our costs? How do we keep our focus on companywide productivity and efficiency? And we do it across the board. I think Dave done a nice rundown or summary of that from our design activity to supply chain to our factories. And for that, that makes us better. We compete every day and for us, we believe we have to do that in best value which means our technology and innovation has to be the best. But we also have to have the right cost structure. And what I learned from the '90s is you need to get ahead of that and I think that's what we're doing. And from that standpoint, the department will either take 3 courses of action when they do this: They'll take a peanut butter approach, they might have a programmatic plus peanut butter or they might be able to do it on a project basis. The one thing I know, the Secretary of Defense needs all the flexibility he can have because his strategy matches the funds the way they are today. So if you go and take out more money, then the strategy doesn't match the funds and it creates a problem for him and he needs flexibility. For us, that'll happen in '13. When you go to '14, it will become discrete again. They'll do it at the program level rather than at the R1s and P1s on a percentage basis. And from there, we'll know where our customers are headed. We believe they're going to be headed in the areas that the Secretary always outlines for us which is the ISR world, missile-defense, EW, command and control and support. While at the same time, I think what's important is that we are continue to invest. We are probably the largest CRAD house in the country. That's part of the fuel that goes into our engine of technology. And every quarter, we get new things like the air-soldier-personal-electronics computer and display system, we won that. So helicopter pilots and others will get information right to the source. Programs, one I thought you'd pick up on with the MORPHINATOR, which has probably got the best name yet, it'll get voted this year. But that gives us the cyber technology to be able to address the Internet Protocol with hopping in the Battlefield, so it keeps people from understanding what we're trying to do. Those are the things I think from our standpoint that, if I was a sailor, our ditty bag has a lot of programs and technology in there. That this is a cyclic business. When it comes out of this cycle, you want to be lean, mean and to have things and tools available to you. Probably the most important, and this is a long answer but it's a thoughtful question. Is that one thing that we learned from the '90s, and I learned it oh so well, is when the cuts come, the plants or facilities where you want the work doesn't have it and the places where you're not as good gets the work, and then you can never balance your workloads. Here, as you know and others know, our business systems allow us to win anywhere, design anywhere, produce anywhere. And that's the real key. When you go to the future, do you have the ability and the agility, and do you have speed? And speed is something we're working on. We're not there, in my opinion, and we're trying to get there every day. That will help us adjust to that environment better than anybody else. Okay, did I get it?
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Well, we -- it was a little different from what I had wanted but...
William H. Swanson: Well, what'd you want me to say?
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Well, no, it's not what I want you to say. I mean, the only pushback I have is these are terrific margins today, maybe just a little bit differently. They're terrific margins today, and if you can deliver a 1.05 book-to-bill, are we kind of seeing that you're being able to position yourself to grow a little bit of the business, putting aside the sequester issue, so that you could actually show improvements all-in as we look out rather than hit a wall?
William H. Swanson: Yes. Howard, I don't think we're hitting a wall, if that's the question. And from our standpoint, when I went through the international, that gives us opportunities. We still have to work hard, manage the programs. As you know and others know, international always has risk, and the way you perform is to retire the risk. I think this company does very good at that, given our large international base and given our returns. So one thing I got out of Farnborough that I can -- that I took home is that our customers are confident when they do business with us, we are going to deliver and give them the product they want. That kind of confidence and that kind of trust and respect, you can't buy.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of George Shapiro, Shapiro Research.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Dave, I got my usual couple of questions here. What was the international growth year-over-year in the quarter? The classified growth and how much did classified account for sales? And then what happened to domestic?
David C. Wajsgras: So look, from a domestic and foreign standpoint, we said this early on that we are weighted to the back half of the year and we're continuing to track to that pace and cadence. In the second quarter, international sales were down about 5%, again, as expected given the ramp up of the international orders that we received in the back half of '11. So again, it is in line with what we had talked about on previous earnings calls. From a domestic standpoint, we were down about 2.5% on the quarter. So on the first half, the company is down about 3% in sales. Now moving forward, domestic, we expect in the back half of the year to be about break even, plus or minus 2%. And from an international standpoint, we see sales growth of 8% to 12%. This was mentioned just a moment ago, we do see the book-to-bill for the year from a company perspective to be between about 1 and 1.05. International, as a subset of that, will be about 1.1 to 1.17. So again, we do see continued growth from an international perspective and domestic continues to perform fine.
William H. Swanson: Dave, let me jump in here a little bit to provide a year-end. We expect international bookings to be 28% to 30% for the year, and the sales, as Dave mentioned, to be around 26% which means the volume will be up about 3% to 5%. And on the classified side, so far this year, bookings have been running about 21%. We expect the year to be around 15% but we expect the growth in classified to be about 20%. So we're feeling pretty good about the classified side of the business.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: And the classified in the second quarter, was that up also about this 20% you're expecting for the year?
David C. Wajsgras: Now, George, from just a pure sales standpoint, the classified was down about 2.5%, in line with the other domestic business. But again, we expect that to pick up in the back half of the year. We booked just under $1 billion in classified sales at 2 businesses in the second quarter, so again, that business continues to remain healthy.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky, Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dave, I wanted to spend a few minutes on pension, if you wouldn't mind. I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that perhaps as much as 1/3 of the EPS guide up was related to pension. So I was wondering if you could provide a bit more detail on that. And then the second question, also on pension is just some commentary from you around CAS Harmonization, the ruling went into effect at the end of last year. We've got, since February 27, the ability of the industry to begin passing on higher rates to the government. So I was wondering if you could just give us an update on how that process is working for you and whether you're passing those higher CAS comps on and everything is going as planned.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So in 2012, the FAS/CAS adjustment is expected to be just under $285 million. Looking further out, there are a number of variables that impact the adjustment and the funding requirements. As you know, these include the discount rate, the return on assets and some other actuarial assumptions, and the new CAS harmonization rules, as well as the new pension funding stabilization law. So while the discount rate environment is currently lower than it was at the end of 2011, our -- the FAS/CAS is not adjusted for 2012 and it's difficult at this point to predict how that plays out in 2013. As a general rule of thumb for Raytheon, every 25 basis point change in the discount rate has roughly a $60 million impact on the FAS/CAS adjustment. It's probably important to note as well that the re-timed contribution levels resulting from the Pension Funding Stabilization Law do increase the FAS/CAS expense adjustment by between $60 million and $80 million. But again, a lot of these variables, other variables have to be considered when you're projecting that out. So let me just get a little more specific. Like I said a moment ago, the 2012 FAS/CAS adjustment doesn't change. For 2013, given the 8.75% return on asset assumption, as well as a 5% discount rate assumption, we see the FAS/CAS adjustment going from what we had projected before at about $45 million to just over $100 million. And it's difficult to predict after that at this point. Again, this will all be subject to change as we close out the year. From a cash standpoint, these are essentially re-timed contributions into the pension plan. On a gross level, that impacted the contributions by roughly $500 million in '12, and about $400 million in '13. After you take into account the contract reimbursement and tax impact of those contributions, it impacts the company from a cash flow standpoint of about $100 million in 2012 and about $300 million next year. Lastly, you asked about CAS harmonization, that impacts us favorably by about $200 million in 2014 and improves from there over the next few years, 2015, '16, '17. We are continuing to focus on our cost efficiencies and productivity. I spoke about that earlier, Bill addressed it earlier, and we will remain very competitive from that perspective.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And just to follow up, I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that this year's EPS guidance, 1/3 was related to pension? I'm not sure that I caught exactly how that might be.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, yes, there's a -- from the tax standpoint, the cap on the domestic manufacturing deduction is adjusted as a result of the pension contributions. Following that, the tax posture from the company was improved.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein, Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk about one of the businesses, in particular, which is SAS, in terms of just what's going on that's different there in that you saw year-over-year growth there, where everybody else has been declining? And the margins are coming in well ahead, and really why should they soften as we go into next year? And they also had a nice increase in orders as well, so just talk a little bit about what's happening at SAS.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, sure. This is actually something we've been talking about for a while. The demand for our international tactical radar programs continues to be strong and there is increasing demand for the ISR sensors that support the growing requirements for full motion video in theater. So the product lineup at SAS is healthy across-the-board. The classified business continues to be strong. And from an operational perspective, Rick Hughes and the team out there continue to do an excellent job from a contract execution standpoint. There's nothing new from a perspective of where we were seeing the business about 6 months ago.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, Dave, you've talked about that we were going to see a moderation in the buyback activity as the year progressed. Is this a good run rate that you're comfortable with for the remainder of the year or do we see it step down further as we start to head into the risk of a CR and the sequestration?
David C. Wajsgras: So we've updated our full year diluted share count guidance. I'd rather not get specific on the dollar spend on buyback. I think what's important is that we continue to have an overall balanced capital deployment strategy. Bill and I see that as the best approach for driving shareholder value over the long term. We do continue to see strong cash flow. We've performed well, historically. If you look at the 2-year average, we're still about $2 billion a year from an operating cash flow generation standpoint on a normalized basis. And we continue to invest in all the right areas from a company perspective. It's probably worth noting, again, that we did increase the dividend in the first quarter, 16% and that was our eighth consecutive dividend increase here at Raytheon.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard, Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Bill, you mentioned allusion to what happened to the early '90s in the last defense expansion. We saw quite a lot of defense consolidation in that period. I was wondering if you were seeing other people maybe in a distressed situation looking to sell at this stage, whether you might be interested in picking up something?
William H. Swanson: For us, our M&A strategy has been about the same. We continue to pursue targets that -- technologies that augment our strategic position, and we continue to pursue this strategy. For us, we think it's the best one for shareholders. The difference between now and the '90s is the '90s had a lot of consolidation at the top and our customers have been pretty explicit on what they expect on the top. The mid-tier and lower tier, there hasn't been a -- I think, your question is more on the reflection of the prices and what's out there. I think most companies still view that they have beachfront property and that it hasn't moved into suburban property yet.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Strauss, UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you give us an update on DDG 1000? I think you guys had talked about it coming down pretty significantly this year but then ramping back up in '13 and '14? Is that how things still look?
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think so. The -- we're working with the Navy now to finish out the third ship and get that under contract. I think that the good news is the lead ship is doing well. The software, the hardware, at least, from our end, has come together nicely. And up at the shipyard, they're making progress, building this for ship and all of us associated with it feel pretty good about where it's going. We think it's a game changer. What people need to remember is the manpower on this ship is about 1/3 of what we're using today. So in a constrained environment, having a ship that operates with 150 personnel, plus or minus a few, and has the capabilities of the DDG 1000 is a good thing. And so we can't wait for it to get in the water and do its thing. And the new CNO has spoken very highly about this ship given what the environment we're staring into. The -- no change in plans, other than we see a reaffirmation of what we told you by the actions of the Navy.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Sorry, so up $100 million to $200 million for the program the next couple years?
David C. Wajsgras: From where we are in '12, I would say, if you look at it over a 3-year period, that's about right.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Dave, in terms of -- you have this slide where you break out sales and EPS expectations by quarter. Could you specifically comment on the fourth quarter? Obviously, you're talking about sales bouncing back there, I know the comp's easy but then it looks like you're implying a pretty low margin in the fourth quarter. Is there anything special that's going on in the fourth quarter that would see margins drop off as far as what you're implying?
David C. Wajsgras: No, it's really addressed with the timing of these cost improvement actions that we had talked about. When we began the year, we had scheduled some of these to be completed as we closed out 2012, and we were able to pull those forward into the front half of the year. So there's nothing remarkable going on from an operational standpoint and it's really timing within the 4 quarters.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Spingarn, Credit Suisse North America.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have a couple of questions. Bill, if I could throw one to you, and then one for Dave. I think the Secretary, Secretary Panetta met with industry leadership on Monday. Did he have a message on a 1-year sequestered delay? Meaning that is he in fact, looking to shift toward near-term relief in lieu of a compromise on the more difficult to negotiate 10-year plan?
William H. Swanson: I think he outlined a number of scenarios. One of those scenarios could be, could we take the time, depending on what happens in November, to be able to think through this issue? And one way to do that is to pay down part of the first year. If you pay down part of the first year, that buys you 12 months. The Secretary would like a couple years to be able to redo the strategy, to fit into the funding that this is what we're going to go do. The problem is that -- and I'll say it this way, sequester is self-imposed. We put this crisis on ourselves. It's not a natural disaster, something that happened. We picked a date and we picked a process that was horrible to both sides. What people haven't written about is what happens outside of DoD? What happens to Education or Labor or the State Department or the other agencies in the government, and people have not realized that in aerospace, we'll probably affect about 2 million jobs out there; our own plus jobs that have the multipliers. Our economy doesn't need another reset just when we're trying to get through this. So the Secretary's philosophy is, is that we need the time to go through this thing, 24 months would be nice, but if we could do 12 months, that gives us the time and let's buy down part of the requirement early. So he just outlaid the various options and reiterated that this affects the industrial base, as well as affecting the department. Both of them are outcomes that he doesn't want because the strategy that we have today, he can do what he's been asked to do. You take $55 billion out, that gets split. The way it's defined, it affects him and affects others, and we need to think through this horrible thing that we've done with sequester.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Was there any sense that this other approach is getting any traction?
William H. Swanson: Yes. If you go to Washington and you talk to the leadership, my take is the preponderance, if not all, don't want this to happen. The real problem is, is when you ask what the solution is, you don't get it. But I think more and more people are thinking through, can we get to the $1.2 trillion or $1.4 trillion? If we can't get there, can we at least get to the first year and buy it down and give us some time to think about it. And the hard part is, is come November, people aren't sure about the results. And so that kind of keeps everybody from doing something. And then if you think of the period between November and January, there aren't that many working days in Congress, and what's on their plate is a full year's worth of work that has to be done in 18 or 20 days. So the probability of that happening isn't there. And so my opinion, we're going to see a CR. CR will probably be like last year's CR, at least that's the way we planned for it. But within that CR, they could do things in an ominous bill that could take down and pay down the first year's worth of savings that are needed. So it's still a jump ball. I wish I could tell you the answer. All I can tell you is the discussions are more along the line that nobody wants it to happen but I can't give you the solution.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And the CR comment leads me into the question for Dave which is -- and this came up in a prior question, which is there's a lot happening here in the back end of the year. You've got potentially fewer days but a lot of cash flow coming and if you could speak to that, is there any risk here that cash has difficulty flowing out of the Pentagon and receivables billed? And if you could speak specifically to your revenue guidance on MTS? Because given the army pressure, I'm wondering how that recovers so that you get better than half your sales in the back end of the year.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. From a cash standpoint, we are confident with the guidance we provided this morning. We continue to work very well with the customer and I don't see any meaningful risk from a cash flow guidance perspective for the back half of the year. NCS is performing fine. We do have expectations for the back half of the year with respect to international bookings, as well as domestic. Some of the international specifics Bill spoke to earlier, there's a C4I program that's currently being finalized, and we expect that award here in the near term. There's virtual simulation programs that we've discussed and some other Homeland Security programs. The book-to-bill, and this is important, we expect to be in the range of 1.05 to 1.1. Again, we remain confident with the guidance for NCS, a strong leadership there from Dan Crowley, and we, from an overall company perspective, are very comfortable with what we addressed earlier today.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Myles Walton, Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Dave, first a clarification question, and you answered a pension question pretty fully but just wanted a kind of a detailed clarification. The December or January slide you put out had about $1.5 billion of required pension contribution for the '13 and '14 each, what happened to that as the result of the Transportation Bill?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So the -- it's difficult to speak beyond '13. But from a gross basis, the contributions came down in '12 by about just under $500 million and just under $400 million or say around $400 million for '13. It's probably more important to see how that ultimately impacts the company. So when you take the contract reimbursement and the after-tax basis of the contributions, the shift is an improvement of about $100 million in cash flow for 2012 and $300 million in cash flow for 2013. So just one more note here, pension contributions from a tax standpoint are on a different timeframe, so you address 2013 pension contributions that are made through September in your 2012 tax return.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: See, and I thought that was a straightforward clarification. No, that's a good answer. Bill, the real question for you is on the planning that the DoD would do as they look to submit their, essentially their initial comps to OMB for passback. I mean what kind of scenarios are they going to get from OMB? And what kind of trial balloons rhetoric do you expect to have to deal with over the next 3 to 6 months? Or are they simply not going to plan the -- see the sequestration as a scenario?
William H. Swanson: OMB has basically stated, I think, that they are not going to provide guidance till after the election. So for us, we're going to be in, I guess you might call it, the Never-Never Land and have to react to the press of what's written on this subject. But until there's guidance from OMB in the interpretation of the law, then it makes it really hard. So from our standpoint, we've read the law, the Budget Control Act. The Budget Control Act actually goes back to 1985, for those of us that have been around that long, to Gramm-Rudman, to when that was implemented. And if you look at it, it basically says that at the controllable level, at the R1s and P1s, there's probably 2,500 programs that are controllable. After that stage, it probably -- the department has discretion, but that's my opinion, that's not OMB's opinion. So when you look at it, that's why I said it's probably a combination of a percentage cut and then it's discrete after that. But that's Bill Swanson's opinion and OMB will tell OSD what to do. What I think people lose sight of, and this is also my opinion, this is not a DoD issue. This is a federal issue. It's a federal issue in a sense that it affects all the government and the cuts come out of the entire government. DoD is just more active because they do and have a real budgeting process that goes through this because the size and the nature of labor and material that they control. And other agencies don't have material, they have labor. So the cuts will have to be interpreted in how they do it. So it is a complicated problem and my bottom line answer is, I don't expect anything on guidance till after the election. That's why I think the Hill is talking more about what did they do and do we buy some time here so we can think through this, if that helps.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thank you. We're going to have to leave it there. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter conference call in October. Deanna?
Operator: Yes. Thank you. This concludes today's conference. Thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Vice President of Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeff, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relation. And you have the floor, sir.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of the call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and the printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon's off to a good start in 2012. First quarter sales, adjusted margins, EPS and cash flow were all ahead of expectation.  Our continued solid operating performance was once again driven by our strong execution. As a result of this performance, we're raising our EPS guidance for the year. Overall, I'm pleased with how the company is operating. We remain focused on delivering the best value across our broad portfolio of programs and technologies, and we're well-aligned with our customers evolving requirements. We are adapting our proven technologies for new and innovative applications.  As an example of how Raytheon is able to leverage cost-effective solutions that can be brought to the market quickly is a recent contract we won to develop the Accelerated Improved Intercept Initiative, or as we call it AI3. This system will detect and destroy incoming rockets fired at forward-deployed forces, and it adapts Raytheon's proven missile and sensor technologies for new application in a rapid fashion.  Another example is our Multi-Function Radio Frequency System Radar, which we affectionately call MFRFS. This system was originally developed as part of the Army's future combat system program. Now in response to an urgent operational need, we received an award to develop a Ku Band version to help better detect rocket, artillery and mortar threats. Both of these are truly life-saving capabilities for our men and women in uniform.  On a different note, given the ever evolving nature of technology, our ability to develop innovative counter technologies remains key to keeping our defense capabilities on the cutting edge. Part of our strategy is continue to invest and develop new capabilities for cybersecurity and electronic warfare applications that are aligned with our customers' requirements. We're doing all of this, while at the same time continuing to improve our operating efficiency.  As many of you are aware, an advantage for Raytheon is our strong position in global markets. Our International business represented 25% of our total sales and 27% of our bookings in the quarter. Emerging threats are driving demand for our products around the globe, in particular the Middle East and Asia Pacific regions. Our opportunities range from large integrated air and missile defense systems to precision weapons and missiles, to intelligence and information systems and to a wide variety of ISR solutions for both military and civil markets. In the quarter, we have strong classified bookings, which represented 26% of the total bookings. This is yet another example of how the diversity of Raytheon's portfolio contributes to our overall success. For the company, total backlog was up approximately $600 million year-over-year, and on a funded basis, our backlog is up over $500 million from the end of 2011 and up approximately $1.2 billion from the same period last year.  Overall bookings in the quarter were in line with what we had expected. This follows a very strong fourth quarter where we had a book-to-bill ratio of 1.11. As we mentioned on our last call, we expect bookings in the back half of the year to be better than the first half.  Last month we announced a 16% increase in our dividend per share. This is the eighth consecutive year in which we increased our dividend, and as a contributor of our overall balance capital deployment strategy and reflects our confidence in our cash generation potential and the strength of our overall financial portfolio. From a broader perspective, we recognize that the prospect of sequestration continues to affect the visibility of the longer-term DoD budget outlook. The risk associated with implementing this legislation have been well-articulated by DoD leadership and by many on The Hill. Whether or not it ultimately occurs won't be determined today. The debate's not settled and it will likely continue through the year. Given that backdrop, we're focused on the things we can control, and we're managing the business to maximize value for all our stakeholders. Whatever the environment and if one looks back at our track record of financial performance, you can be assured that this is what we'll continue to do.  More recently, a key driver of our performance has been our supply chain initiative. About 1.5 years ago, we started talking about our strategic sourcing and centralized procurement efforts. We're now taking the next step, which is to optimize subcontractor management, which should allow us to drive further improvements over time.  Before I turn it over to Dave, I'd like to talk about the company's sustainability effort with Earth Day having been on Sunday. For us, sustainability is part of our DNA. Focusing on sustainability is not only the right thing to do, it also has a positive impact on our bottom line. We've worked hard to improve our performance in this area and our efforts are yielding results. Since 2008, we've reduced our water consumption by 21%, our greenhouse emissions by 16% and our energy consumption by 9%. We're proud of these results, but we're not stopping here. Our goal is to continuously improve in this area and further reduce our environmental footprint. As I mentioned before, we finished last year with the best safety record in the company's history. Through our best-in-class programs, we lead our industry and workplace safety.  I'm pleased with our overall performance in the quarter. The Raytheon team continues to work diligently to deliver outstanding products to our customers and to deliver value to our shareholders. I'd like to thank the team for their efforts and continued dedication.  And with that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks starting with first quarter highlights and then we'll move on to some questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning.  So if everyone would please move to Page 3. As Bill noted, we're pleased with the solid performance in the first quarter. And once again, both International bookings and International sales were strong. Our adjusted EPS of $1.46 was up 7%, driven by capital deployment actions and continued operational improvements.  Adjusted operating margin was 13.1%, up 60 basis points compared to last year's first quarter. Sales of $5.9 billion exceeded the high end of our expectations, which I'll discuss further in just a moment. Operating cash flow from continuing operations of $111 million was better than our prior guidance due to the timing of collections previously expected in the second quarter.  During the quarter, the company repurchased 7.9 million shares of common stock for $400 million. In addition, our Board of Directors approved an increase to the company's annual dividend rate by 16% to $2 per share. We've now increased the dividend for 8 consecutive years.  Our full year 2012 guidance for EPS has now increased by $0.10, which I'll discuss in more detail in a few minutes. Turning now to Page 4, let me start by providing some color on our first quarter results. Our total bookings for the quarter were $5.2 billion. As I mentioned on the January call, we continued to see the order book back end loaded, ramping up in midyear. From a cadence standpoint, we expect the book-to-bill to expand as we move through the year, resulting in an estimated full year book-to-bill range of between roughly 1x and 1.05x.  Notable bookings in the first quarter included $182 million at IDS to provide Patriot engineering services for the U.S. and international customers and $90 million to provide engineering services production and support for the Aegis weapon system for the U.S. Navy.  Missile Systems booked $497 million for the newest version of the AMRAAM missile for the U.S. Air Force and international customers. MS also booked $172 million for the AIM-9X sidewinder short-range air-to-air missile for the U.S. Navy and international customers, and $171 million for the development of SM-3 for the Missile Defense Agency.  NCS booked $81 million on the Navy multiband terminal program. Space and Airborne Systems booked $159 million to supply radar spare parts on the APG-63 for an international customer, $99 million on a radar performance-based logistics contract for international customers, and $77 million for the production of radar warning receivers for the U.S. Navy. Technical Services booked $119 million for foreign training and $68 million for domestic training programs in support of the Warfighter FOCUS program. In addition, IIS and SAS booked $284 million and $925 million respectively on a number of classified programs. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $34.3 billion compared to $35.3 billion at the end of 2011. Our backlog at the end of the first quarter of 2012 was approximately $600 million higher than the same period last year. And as Bill just mentioned, on a funded basis, our backlog was up over $500 million from the end of 2011 and up approximately $1.2 billion from the same period last year.  If you move to Page 5, sales were ahead of our expectations, driven by international customer demand. Booking at sales by business, 5 of the 6 businesses had sales essentially in line with the same period last year. NCS had net sales of $1 billion in line with our expectations. The change in net sales was primarily due to the planned decline in production of U.S. Army programs. Moving ahead to Page 6, we're pleased by our overall company margin performance, once again showing year-over-year increase driven by operational improvements. Our adjusted margin was up 60 basis points to 13.1%. Our focus on execution, productivity and efficiency across the board continues to be reflected in our financial results.  So looking at the business margins, IDS, IIS, MS and SAS margins were up in the quarter compared with the same period last year. At IIS, margins were up 120 basis points over last year's first quarter, excluding the U.K. BA letters of credit adjustment. I do want to point out that IIS also benefited from $8 million related to an insurance recovery for legal expenses. At NCS, the change in operating margin in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the first quarter of 2011 was primarily due to the production program efficiencies last year. And the Technical Services, several minor favorable items in the same period last year drove the difference in operating income and margin. These included a contract modification, contract extension and a legal settlement. Overall, the company continues to perform well.  So turning to Page 7, first quarter 2012 adjusted EPS was $1.46, up 7%. The increase was driven by capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases, and operational improvements, partially offset by a higher tax rate due to the expiration of the R&D credit. As a reminder, the R&D tax credit is not included in our guidance this year.  On Page 8, you'll note that we raised our full year 2012 EPS guidance by $0.10 to a range of between $5 and $5.15, and on an adjusted basis to a range of between $5.55 and $5.70. I'd like to point out that the increase is primarily driven by operational improvements. We repurchased 7.9 million shares of common stock for $400 million in the quarter. We expect the quarterly repurchase amount to moderate for the balance of the year, which is reflected in our share count guidance. And as you can see on Page 9, we've included the change in our guidance by business. The increase in margin guidance reflects the results from our continued efforts on productivity and efficiency initiatives. Importantly, we continue to pass along substantial savings to our customers.  On Page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, earnings per share and operating cash flow from continuing operations for the balance of 2012.  We saw a good performance in the first quarter compared to both Q1 2011, and also the initial outlook for Q1 2012 that we provided in January. To put this in perspective, we were able to implement improved productivity and efficiency initiatives, along with accelerated volume tied to customer demands on a number of programs. This resulted in an improvement in our performance and our outlook. Okay, so now let me summarize our overall performance in the first quarter. While the environment remains challenging, we had solid sales and strong margins, EPS and cash flow. As we stand back and look over the last 4 quarters, there are several items I think that are important to highlight. Our bookings have been strong, with a trailing 12-month book-to-bill ratio of 1.08x. Our operational performance has also been strong, with adjusted margin exceeding 13% over that same time period. We're in a good financial position with net debt of just over $1 billion. We raised our dividend 16% in the first quarter and are raising our EPS guidance for 2012.  We remain well-positioned in key areas and are aligned with the priorities of our global customers. And we continue to drive the business to maximize value for our customers and shareholders.  With that, Bill and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dave, I was wondering if you could just walk through the rest of the year and the cadence. And maybe offer up some qualitative comment around why we're seeing a bit of a degradation in both revenues and earnings relative to the guidance that you gave earlier this year. Is it just a bit of conservatism based on the environment that we're in today?
David C. Wajsgras: No. We are feeling very positive about the results in the first quarter. From a sales standpoint, we exceeded our initial guidance by about $200 million, and that was primarily driven by increased customer demand for certain of our programs. You'll recall that the end of last year, we received some large international air and missile defense programs, and we're off to a good start in that area. Let me just kind of put things in perspective. So if you look back, 2011 was a strong year, and we discussed in January the results of last year. We expected margins to moderate in 2012. Q1 came in stronger than we expected. This was partially due to some timing and a few small non-recurring items. Without these items, we're still posting margins in the high 12% range. I'll repeat some of what I went through a few months back that I mentioned on the fourth quarter call. There is a shift in our backlog and our sales profile this year versus last year, and it's weighted more toward international customers. And within the International business, we're also seeing mixed impacts driven by the stage of maturity of some of these programs. We want -- like I just said, we want some large programs at the end of last year. These are longer in duration and slower to ramp up, and typical domestic awards of similar size. So we're be impacted by mix in 2012, along with the continued completions and wind down of some later stage production programs in our domestic backlog. So with all that said, we are accelerating the ramp up of some programs, and this is resulting in a shift in our sales cadence compared to prior guidance, as well as some efficiencies from a margin standpoint, in particular at IDS.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have 2 bigger picture questions, one for each of you. Dave, I wondered if you might speak to some of the things you and your peers, and for that matter, the DoD customer might begin doing; the sort of contingency planning exercise for the sort of looming wall of sequestration. I'm sort of interested in things around workforce planning, past management, contracting. What sorts of things are you guys envisioning as having to do from a contingency planning standpoint if this gets closer and we sort of progress through the year?
David C. Wajsgras: So I'll start, and I'm sure Bill wants to mention a few things. We've talked about this on the last couple of earnings calls. First of all, we've gone through a number of different planning scenarios, and I think the best way for me to put this is we are prepared to operate effectively under any given industry conditions. So without getting specific, because at this stage it's inappropriate, just given where we are and all the discussions taking place in Washington, we are confident that we'll continue to perform well, irrespective of how this actually plays out. It's important to keep in mind we have a very broad portfolio. Close to 40% of our backlog is international. That's obviously, I think, an important differentiator and competitive advantage for the company. We have over 8,000 different programs and technologies. And we continue to manage the business in a very cost-effective manner. We talked about this in the past, we have -- 7, 8 years ago, we embarked on a strategic initiative to implement company-wide information technology systems from a factory standpoint, from an HR standpoint, from a supply chain standpoint and from a people standpoint. So that gives us a platform to be very flexible, irrespective of how things play out. So, yes...
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to kind of expand on that, just in one area, as you think about cash management, is it something where you want to preserve cash as we get later in the year and protect in case -- should you decide to sell fund some contracts? Or how should we think about cash management in the latter part of the year?
David C. Wajsgras: Right, so we've provided our cash guidance, and again, this was thoughtful and talked about on the last call. From an environmental standpoint, not much has changed from the last call, so we wouldn't expect any change from our capital deployment plan all things considered.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and one for Bill. Bill, I think there's something like 6 cyber-related bills making their way around Congress this week. And I wondered if you might tell us what, if anything, this means for the future of this domain from your perspective. I mean, does any of this legislation have a chance of passing? And if it did, does it signal new areas of risk or opportunity, or if nothing else more funding?
William H. Swanson: One, I think what I would say is it's a good healthy debate that's taking place in the cyber arena of what to go do. And for me, I always remember something that Secretary Gates had said that when he first went into office, he really wanted to get a definition of what to go do in cyber. And some 4 years later plus, there still wasn't direction of what to go do. And clearly, we now see some of that direction taking shape of who calls the ball and what action to take at least from what I'll call the sword aspect of cyber, which is the attack or counterattack. And for me, it's taken a while for this to gel, but I'm encouraged that Congress is looking at it or having a debate. They're talking to all aspects, whether it's Facebook or Twitter or the people from Google or Microsoft, and they're talking to us and they're trying to take responsible action. The good news is there is attention to this problem, and we need attention and I think attention is healthy. And so I view it as positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMC.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Start with NCS, and we know that's where much of the Army exposure has been and the supplemental exposure. I was wondering if we could step back and look at the sector today, where it is today with the $1 billion of sales in the quarter, maybe the profile and how it's changed the last couple of years and what you see going forward.
William H. Swanson: While traditional sales of Army products have declined at NCS, consistent with the drawdown, I believe NCS is well positioned on our Army's new platforms, such as the ground combat vehicle, the modernization of their electro-optic sights, we're going from second gen to third gen on the existing vehicles and fielding advanced battlefield radars and the new radars, which are really sense and warn radars like MFRFS, which is important in the MFRFS radar for your benefit if you didn't know, or if you do know I'll just repeat it, is that radar is really the primary sensor to help execute the Army's new Counter Rocket, Artillery, and Mortar, C-RAM mission. And as I mentioned in my remarks, the AI3 program, that particular missile uses a MFRFS radar to help it in the counterattack. So we look at that part of the business. As the Army transitions, we're going to transition with them. The next area where NCS works in is in the satellite terminal business. There, the Army SMART-T program has been on track, and we're ramping up deliveries. The Navy's multiband terminal program has been awarded the production, and that's starting to ramp up for us. And of course, the Air Force's MMPU program positions us well in the satellite terminal business. And we see NCS positioned well where others have ran into trouble in that area. We've just recently completed our NATO air command and control system, we call it ACCS, which is the largest software program of its type in the world. And we just got awarded an initial Q1 award to add missile defense capabilities for NATO into that. So that's bodes well for Europe and our systems there. And then recently, as you probably know, the U.S. government decided to pursue alternatives to JTRS, the ground mobile radar and airborne maritime fixed radios. And that's created a real opportunity for us in our ARC-231 radios and our MAINGATE mobile ad hoc networking radio gateway. For us, we believe in the future here. One of the discriminators is passing full video across the battlefield and supporting large node networks. And none of the current JTRS radios can do that, but MAINGATE's able to do it. And then the other thing I would point out is NCS is one of our -- they win most of the CRAD work within the company. So we see the transition that has taken place with the Army, changing their focus, going more to smaller and on the run. And NCS is adapting with them, and we see the back half of the year being where that starts to change. So everything's kind of consistent with what we saw in the transition, and they've been performing well from an operational point in doing that with no surprises at all, if that helps.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Would you say that we're much of the way through that transition? And if this was close to a $5 billion business, a couple of years ago, obviously the war spending was a big part of that. Margins were over 14%. So margins come down as you shift towards some of the newer programs and sales are coming off, but are we in the fourth inning or the eighth inning if we -- over a multiyear period of time?
William H. Swanson: We're probably in about the sixth or seventh inning in that, probably standing up and looking at where we're at. We expect some awards here in the second and third quarter, which bode well for them as they start to do it. So everything is consistent. We went through this, if you'll remember, because you followed us long enough. Our TSE transition through one of these and came out of it very strong, and we expect the same thing for NCS. And that's the nature of our portfolio. You look at it. We'd love for everything to be hitting on all 8 cylinders, but it doesn't happen all the time. So what you have are other businesses that carry the load and as you adjust. And that's why we love our portfolio.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just a quick one for Dave, if I might. On IDS, you're -- you got 3 really solid margin quarters now in a row, 17%, 18%. You boosted your guidance, but it's still below where you've been in the last 3 quarters. I'm sure there's been some risk reduction there. Can you just give us a sense as to whether there's -- those contracts that you've been booking, the positive adjustments, are those falling off now or is there still more opportunity the next couple of quarters?
David C. Wajsgras: No, that business is performing well. It is the business that it focuses on the larger radars and the air and missile defense systems. I'll repeat what I said a little bit earlier, they did -- they were able to secure some large awards, both domestically and internationally at the end of last year. The team over there continues to focus on the productivity side and on the cost efficiency side. They have posted, I would say, very strong results. We were very pleased with how the first quarter played out. Some of this was due to timing. The timing of some of the productivity initiatives being pulled ahead to the first quarter that were anticipated later in the year. But with that said, I would suggest the higher end of the margin range is probably the appropriate way to think about IDS for the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Actually, I guess, Dave, I wanted to just follow-up on that last comment, which is just relative to January, a lot of improvement in terms of the margin outlook for the different segments, and it may only be 20 basis points here and there. But can you talk about things that you had been worried about that you've retired in terms of risk and why things would've changed so much in just a couple of months?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, we had strong results in the fourth quarter of last year, as I'm sure you recall. And there is a broad company-wide focus on execution, and on again, I'll repeat it, the productivity initiatives. And we are seeing some strong and positive results as a result of this focus by all areas of the company. Supply chain is doing an outstanding job and has implemented a number of new initiatives, both with respect to material procurement and subcontractor management. And we've continued to take cost out of our G&A and general overhead structure. And this is resulting in a margin profile that is slightly exceeding what we had initially anticipated. As we move further along with some of these programs, and we're off to a good start and solid launches, we're able to retire some early program risk. But by and large, it's around the execution side from a productivity standpoint.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then you mentioned in one of your earlier comments about some onetime items that did help, can you quantify the insurance recovery in IIS, and was there anything else that you would consider onetime?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So the IIS insurance recovery was about $8 million. It was worth about 100 basis points to IIS. But let me make this point because I think it's important, when you normalize IIS operations for the letter of credit last year and the insurance recovery this year, they're up about 20 to 30 basis points operationally. From a non-recurring or onetime event standpoint, the only other item of note would be a consolidation of a couple of related contract in SAS, where we were able to realize some material and labor efficiencies that was originally planned for the second quarter. And we were able to affect that in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Bill, the usual question I ask, I mean, can you give us the international sales growth in the quarter, the classified sales growth, and then by deduction, how much the domestic x classified change?
William H. Swanson: Let me take a shot at the international. As I mentioned, 27% of the bookings were international and about 25% of the sales were there. We still think for the year that bookings are going to be around 30%, plus or minus. Sales should be 26%, plus or minus and that'll probably internationally mid-single-digit kind of growth for us as we look at it. Classified, as I said, was strong for us with 26% of the bookings. We expect classified to be around 15%, plus or minus a little bit there, which will be double-digit growth year-over-year. Sales will probably be on the flattish side on the classified, but pump is really getting primed here so we'll feel better about '13 as we look at it and go into it. And so from our standpoint, the international is offsetting kind of the weakness that we see in the domestic, which is kind of related to inflation being that percentage of inflation taking a negative. It's kind of how I look at it if that helps.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Yes. So do I conclude that mid-single-digit growth in international was for the quarter, as well as what your expectation is for the year?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So George, this is Dave. So let me just get a little more specific. So sales overall were down about 2% quarter-over-quarter. Domestic -- overall domestic was down about 3% and foreign or international was up about 2%. Within the domestic, classified business, was slightly less than breakeven. So it was down about 1%, and all other domestic was about 3.5% down.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Okay, that's good color, Dave. And then I just wanted to ask a more general one. I mean, this is like the first quarter in a long time where you've actually been better than what your sales projection is. I guess my question is, is that due to being overly conservative because of missing last year, or are things somewhat better so that your reach is still being conservative by not raising the sales guidance for the year? Or it's just the mix that you talked about in your conversation?
William H. Swanson: That was a lot of questions there, George. I think easiest answer for us is we saw strong demand and we see some customers asking for things even earlier. So we have the ability to ramp that up, and I think Dave covered that in his remarks. It's not about being conservative. It's just that there's some good demand for the product.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Bill, another high-level question, if I may.
William H. Swanson: Sure.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: As we've looked forward, it seems like OSD is actually starting to think about the possibility of a sequester. Sec Def [Leon] Panetta talked about officially looking into it, preparing in the summer, but I suspect they're starting to do that now. And even if we get a negotiation or decision from Congress in the lame duck session, it may be too late to avoid some impact to Q1. So on that basis, from what you're hearing about what's going on in D.C., do you think they're contemplating this across-the-board type scenario? Or are they starting to compartmentalize areas of focus?
William H. Swanson: Yes. I would tell you that, at least my views on The Hill, no one likes sequestration, no one has a plan that everyone likes to avoid it. So therefore, I don't see anything happening to November. Come November, everybody's got everything happening during a lame duck session. I don't see the lame duck session being able to do everything that everybody's asking it to do, so we end up in the January timeframe much like you've just articulated. And the one thing that we've got to think about is that this is not only defense. This is state and education and housing and energy, and their budgets get completely whacked. And so my view is that we're going to go into a holding period come January, and then we're going to take a timeout for about 12 months to figure out what to go do. And the outcome is not anything that anybody wants to live with. The other part that I think we lose sight of is we're in an industry that does not change dramatically overnight. There are -- you have to look at companies' backlogs, you have to look at programs, and I don't see and I've never heard anybody talk about a peanut butter approach to this problem. If they're going to solve it, they're going to have to solve it with some very hard programmatic cuts, and they'll be after things that are large in nature not across the board, because everyone has learned or at least if you've been in business or been associated with our budgeting process, that when you use the peanut butter, all you do is push the problem to the right and the problem gets bigger. And I've been encouraged that I have not heard that as a solution, if that helps.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, well -- and then for my follow-up, if we can just bring this now down to the Raytheon level. When you take what you just said and then throw in the possibility of a fiscal '13 CR in Q4, how would you and/or Dave assess your risk essentially to the guidance by segment toward the end of the year?
William H. Swanson: I think the way I would answer your question is, is that CRs have become a way of life. And in our guidance, we have planned for what we think is what happened last year, you go down to the wire and then something happens. So that's kind of got to be the norm. Everyone I've talked to on The Hill, no one wants to repeat going all the way to April of the following year with the CR. I think everybody's experienced that pain and what that causes. So I would tell you, we're planning the kind of activity that we saw happen last year, and we put that into our thinking caps and into our guidance as we look at it. The other thing that I want to point out is you all know we're a process company. So we have plans in place if something went up, if it stayed flat and if it went down. And one of the things that I'm extremely proud of is our workforce planning. It's something that we think is world-class, and it helps us be able to -- they've started to articulate our IT systems, but the way I like to think of it is we can win it anywhere, we can perform it anywhere and we can deliver it anywhere. And that's how we've kind of set up the company to make sure, during these headwinds, you have the flexibility and that you don't end up with your work in the wrong places.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Bill, which segments have the greatest amount of variability, though, as this plays out?
William H. Swanson: Oh, boy. If I thought about it, you have to look at the funded backlog of each of them. And if you look at the international, those aren't affected by it. So you've got to take out 26% or 30% of our business. And so, it really makes it hard. I don't know how to answer your question in that way because what I'm now going to start speculating on is what programs get cut and what don't. And that's really our proprietary information, I guess I'd say it.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. And I think you need to consider the way the various customers are going to plan through fiscal '13 and beyond. So it's difficult to handicap which product areas are affected more than others or less than others, because much of it will depend on the situation within that particular customer group.
William H. Swanson: And Dave, I want to go back. We have the fiscal '13 budget right now today. There were no surprises for us. We're not hearing anything that deviates from what we have in our plans. Our programs are performing, and we've got to remember that ISR, EW, Cyber are areas where the department is focused well on and there's not going to be changes there. And the other thing that happens is when something gets cut, there's still a need. So something has to go back in its place. And a good example of that is when Enlows [ph] had its issues, Griffin now has come back in and filled it. So it's not a static world. It's dynamic. And so when you look at what happens over in A, you react in B.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Bill, you mentioned the 26% bookings were classified. It seems really high. So I'm just kind of curious, is that a monolithic one or 2 programs or is this a release of classified bookings? And then conversely, I guess, the implied nonclassified domestic bookings looked -- the run rate there looked to be relatively light. Can you just talk about the 2 dynamics there? Maybe there's some sort of reclassification of what's classified or not.
William H. Swanson: No. I think it's on the call in January, we talked about this being the year that was back end loaded. And so when you look at it, the back end loaded is not only international, but it's also domestic. But on the classified side, we had a few good programs that came in, in the quarter that the timing of them is plus or minus a month or 2 here or there but they all stacked up and they came in nicely and they've primed the pump for a couple of our businesses really driven by SAS and IIS.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then just a clarification on the international sales and the sequestration, do you actually have kind of full clarity that FMS sales won't essentially be handicapped by the fact that they have to go through the DoD from a contracting perspective?
William H. Swanson: No, I don't see that. I actually see good help from our DoD partners on the FMS side, because you have to think about it in a way. For us, the FMS helps keep our rates in check and in control because if we can put these systems into our plants, they carry a burden of the overhead and help our domestic customers from a rate point of view. So we've got sophisticated domestic customers that understand that. So it's in their best interest to help us say, on Patriot or other programs, that our FMS for us or in our missile programs, they help load our factories and give us a good competitive advantage.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess I was just thinking mechanically, a lot of the contracts are going through the same program offices who are going to be under massive amounts of stress for various reasons. I'm just curious if you think that they'll be able to essentially prioritize to the FMS where the money is.
William H. Swanson: Yes, I do because these things are not pop-ups. If you saw the planning that we go through on, say, a TPY-2 radar sale to UAE, it's in conjunction not only with the country but with the Missile Defense Agency, with the State Department, there's a lot of coordination on that. And you lay it out so you look at your workflow and you determine your peaks and valleys. And we all try and work in unison to understand that flow and give some insight on both sides. So I think this is where we've got a great working relationship.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Robert Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So on the export, I was wondering if you could give us any updates on the timing of some of your large awards, because sometimes these can move around, and whether you've seen any progress in the U.S. with regarding opening up more military product for export.
William H. Swanson: Two-part question, the international for us, the big one's still out there, or -- probably second half are Kuwait relative to some new fire units for them. We expect here sometime in the third quarter, fourth quarter on Turkey, on their decision. We've got ground-based air defense in Oman that will be in the last half of the year. We've got Paveway awards throughout the year that represent $400 million to $500 million in business. Air traffic radars are $200 million to $300 million, they're sprinkled throughout the year. Missiles, we expect some short-range missile sales, maybe in about the $600 million range, mid 3 quarters of the year. Training will happen in the second half, probably, say $400 million. And then we've got some international C4I that we're hoping to bring in this quarter. If not, it'll be the first part of Q3. Relative to releasability, we see some attention there. It moves slowly. But I think as the domestic budget gets under pressure, as I was just talking about a minute ago, we see our customers view the international business as being good for them too, because it helps control the price or the cost of their programs that run through our factories, if that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Dave, I want to go back to sort of your comments you talk about mix and performance as sort of being the driving factors pretty much across the board for all of the businesses. And Bill talked a lot about mix. Could you talk about, again, some of the initiatives that you're undertaking and what it means when you say productivity? Does that mean more outsourcing, does it mean a change in the way you're speeding processes? Could you elaborate a little bit? And what kind of a runway do you continue to see with these items?
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So obviously, Howard, it's a multitude of different areas, and I think a very good question to put some color on this. From a -- there is the basic, such as looking at our G&A structure. We look at the travel and outside services and the way we manage those types of areas and cost-reduction opportunities from that standpoint. We continue to expand our shared services activity and become more efficient on -- or with respect to a number of what I would term back office activities. Much of this is underscored by our approach we take, which is -- I spoke about this earlier, which is driven by our Six Sigma approach. And these bear out continued results quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. From a manufacturing standpoint, we continue to improve factory process across the board through both lean initiatives, as well as Six Sigma initiatives. Our touch labor continues to improve. I think the best way to look at this is what we call our wrap rate, which is basically the overhead dollars that are applied to our products. We have essentially held that flat, and in many areas, decreased it for the last number of years, and we're seeing that trend continue as we go into 2012 and 2013. There is a meaningful amount of the cost structure that is tied to our material space, both direct material, indirect material and subcontractors. We embarked on a number of initiatives a couple of years ago. They continue to bear out fruit. I may have mentioned earlier that we've gone from roughly 30,000 suppliers a few years ago to about 12,000 suppliers today. And we continue to gain both quality and economic improvements from that initiative. We are now working closely with our major and even our smaller subcontractors to take a meaningful cost reduction and embark on meaningful quality and delivery improvements. They're already doing a fine job and we're suggesting that they begin to implement the same type of initiative that we did a number of years ago.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Sort of -- part of it's like, for example, you're reducing the number of trailers that supported Patriot in the past. So there's a whole host of might've been 3 trailers and now it's one. I mean and there's a number of things like that. Is that sort of also -- which really is more engineering driven? Is there a whole initiative on that, that continues as well?
William H. Swanson: Howard, let me jump in here. If you remember the old Patriot, we can basically clearly get all of those 3 trailers and one trailer now and have room left over. So one of the things that engineering does is the tremendous job of taking technology and adapting it to make our products more affordable and more capable. I look at a JSOW missile, for example. What we used to be able to do and what we do, we can adjusted it in flight today and have it communicate back awareness. And that never existed before and you do it in the same airframe at a lower cost. So yes, a lot of it has to do with the engineering productivity in our designs.
Todd B. Ernst: Okay, we'll have to leave it there. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter conference call in July. Jeff?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd B. Ernst - Vice President of Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Troy J. Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Deanna, and I'll be the operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Deanna. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks with Bill -- by Bill and Dave, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon delivered solid operating results in 2011. Looking back at the year, I see a company that capitalized on global market opportunities and also successfully managed the challenges of an evolving economic environment. Our margins, earnings and cash flow were all better than expected, and bookings and backlog were strong.  In this environment, we focused on the things we could control and what we do best. We executed our strategy. We continued to implement efficiencies across the businesses, lowering our cost. We provided more affordable, innovative solutions to our customers. And this, ultimately, allowed us to deliver solid returns for our shareholders.  A bright spot and a key driver of our bookings strength was the international business, which represented 29% of the total company's bookings for the year. A couple of highlights included 2 large awards in the fourth quarter. The United Arab Emirates ordered 2 TPY-2 radars, which are the world's most advanced forward-looking mobile radars, and a key-sensing component of the THAAD missile defense system. This represents the first international sale for this product. The other highlight was Taiwan's order for additional 3 Patriot fire units.  I mentioned some of the larger ones, but there are also hundreds of smaller bookings across a number of product lines and the 81 countries where we do business. This drove the international backlog to 37% of our total backlog and demonstrates the alignment of our advanced technologies with the evolving needs of our global customers. It also points to continued success of our international strategy. On the domestic front, we started off the year under a continuing resolution. And even after the budget was signed in mid-April, the funding was slow to start up. Coupled with this, we finished the year again under a CR through December 22. With all this in mind, we're encouraged by the fact that Congress avoided another extended continuing resolution and moved forward on the fiscal year '12 defense budget. The outcome contained few, if any, surprises. I'm proud of Raytheon's team's performance and our ability to deliver in this environment. We expect the fiscal '13 budget shortly. We expect some changes. In this environment, we're focused on the right areas and have a strong portfolio in electronic warfare, ISR, cyber and missile defense, which are priority areas for our domestic and international customers.  Regardless of any external uncertainty, the Raytheon team will remain focused on what we do best: delivering innovative products while reducing our cost and operating with improved speed and agility. We remain committed to delivering the best value for our customers and our shareholders. Our company remains strong, and we're well positioned for the future, with a proven strategy and solid financial foundation. I'd like to take a minute to highlight a couple of the achievements of last year. In recognition for our development of top leaders, Raytheon was named the FORTUNE's 2011 North America Top Companies for Leaders list for the second consecutive year. Further, we finished 2011 with the best environmental health and safety performance in the company's history. Our safety performance is world class and industry leading, and our sustainability program continues to be recognized.  Before concluding, you've heard me talk in the past about our company-wide integrated enterprise platform and common processes and systems that span all our major functions: finance, supply chain, contracts, human resources, as well as manufacturing and engineering. This has been a multiyear strategy, with over 85% of our business transactions, supply spend and manufacturing volume now supported by our integrated enterprise platforms.  We also achieved key milestones for our engineering common Product Data Management, PDM, and our Manufacturing Requirements Planning, MRP, systems. PDM, for example, is being deployed across the company to enable us to manage, share and use product data more effectively. Having these platforms helped drive our cost-efficiency efforts, the results of which are reflected in our performance.  I want to thank the Raytheon team for their hard work, dedication and focus on customer success that makes our solid results possible for the ongoing commitment to our customers, our company and our shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Dave
David C. Wajsgras: Okay, thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. I have a few opening remarks, starting with fourth quarter and full year results, then I'll discuss our outlook for 2012. And after that, Bill and I will open up the call for questions. So during my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning, which are posted on our website.  Okay, if everyone could please move to Page 3. Strong operational performance, including cost-reduction efforts across the company, drove our margin, EPS and operating cash flow results during the quarter. Our fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $1.74 was up 12%, and for the full year was $5.90, up 7%, primarily the result of operational improvements and capital deployment actions. We also generated strong operating cash flow of $1.3 billion for the quarter and $2.2 billion for the year after making a fourth quarter $750 million discretionary contribution to our pension plans. Additionally, during the fourth quarter, the company repurchased 7 million shares of common stock for $313 million, bringing the full year 2011 repurchases to 27.1 million shares for about $1.3 billion. As we've previously disclosed, in the fourth quarter 2011, the company issued $1 billion in long-term debt. The company ended the year with a strong balance sheet and net debt of just over $600 million. I'll talk to our strong bookings, particularly in the fourth quarter in just a moment. And finally, during the quarter, we announced that we had acquired 2 companies, Pikewerks Corporation and Henggeler Computer Consultants, further extending our capability to serve the cybersecurity, enterprise architecture and systems engineering needs of our customers in the intelligence community, as well as in the Department of Defense. Both companies have become part of our Intelligence and Information Systems business. These acquisitions are on top of the 2 we completed earlier in the year, Applied Signal Technology, which is now part of our Space and Airborne Systems business, and Ktech, which is now part of our Missiles business. All are performing well. Turning now to Page 4. Let me take you through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full year results. We had strong bookings of $7.1 billion in the quarter and $26.6 billion for the full year, resulting in a backlog of $35.3 billion and a book to bill of 1.11 in the quarter and 1.07 for the year. 33% of our bookings during the quarter and 29% of our total bookings for the year were from international customers. And also of note, 3 of our businesses, Integrated Defense Systems, Space and Airborne Systems and Technical Services each had record bookings for the full year of 2011. Notable bookings in the fourth quarter included just over $1 billion at IDS for TPY-2 radar contracts for the UAE Missile Defense Agency and U.S. Army, $560 million to provide advanced air and missile defense capability for Taiwan, $243 million on the Zumwalt-class destroyer program for the U.S. Navy and $177 million to provide consolidated logistic support for the MDA.  Missile Systems booked $383 million for the development of Standard Missile-3 for the Missile Defense Agency, $131 million for the production of Paveway for international customers and $128 million for the production of evolved Seasparrow missiles for the U.S. Navy and international customers. SAS booked $212 million for the production of AESA radars for the U.S. Navy. And IIS and SAS booked $433 million and $177 million respectively on a number of classified programs. Backlog for the year increased a little better than $750 million over year end 2012. Turning now to Page 5. Fourth quarter sales came in at $6.4 billion. Comparing to our guidance, sales came in slightly below the low end, primarily due to the company's ongoing cost-reduction efforts. When comparing the prior year, it's important to note that there were 5 fewer workdays in the 2011 fourth quarter. Our average 2011 sales per workday was approximately $100 million. Looking at the businesses, Integrated Defense Systems net sales were $1.3 billion in the quarter. The change was primarily due to lower sales on Zumwalt and on an international Patriot program. As many of you are aware, during the quarter, IDS received U.S. Congressional and State Department approvals on a $1.7 billion direct commercial contract to upgrade the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's Patriot Systems to the latest Configuration-3.  Intelligence and Information Systems net sales were $753 million in the quarter, driven by lower sales on domestic programs which were impacted by the continuing resolution. Missile Systems net sales were $1.5 billion in the quarter. The change was driven by the Rolling Airframe Missile and SM-2 programs. At Network Centric Systems, net sales were $1.1 billion in the quarter. The change in net sales was primarily due to U.S. Army programs, which are nearing completion. Space and Airborne Systems had net sales of $1.3 billion in the quarter, up 3%, driven by sales related to Raytheon Applied Signal Technology.  Technical Services had fourth quarter 2011 net sales of $886 million. The change was primarily due to the lower sales on programs nearing completion, including a DTRA program and a TSA program. If you'd move ahead to Page 6. We delivered strong operational performance and executed well on our cost-reduction initiatives, both in the quarter and for the full year. Our adjusted operating margin was up 220 basis points in Q4 and up 70 basis points for the full year. Each business had solid performance, with year-over-year margin expansion. There were a couple of items that I do want to point out that did have a positive impact on 2 of our businesses. At IIS, we had a $9 million recovery of an insurance claim; and at Missiles, we had a $21 million favorable contractual resolution. When you compare our fourth quarter margins to our prior guidance, all of our businesses performed better than the high end of the range that we had provided in October. We clearly saw meaningful improvements from our productivity efforts. As I've been saying all year, we're focused on cost control and productivity improvements, which will ultimately benefit our shareholders and our customers. Just to put some color on this, our efforts on efficiency improvements cover the full spectrum of our cost structure. We are continuing to drive savings across the supply chain. We are streamlining our factory operations, improving our direct to indirect ratio and driving down overhead costs. The positive swing in margins reflects these efforts. Now let me just briefly describe our supply chain initiatives. The objective is to deliver cost savings, improve efficiencies and quality, while building stronger, longer-lasting strategic relationships with our supplier partners. By way of example, our centralized strategic sourcing effort allows us to identify key suppliers with the right capabilities and capacity that meet our requirements. As a result, we've taken our supply base from approximately 30,000 several years ago to about 12,000 today, even as we increased our total spend on supply chain, in line with the company's growth.  We are seeing real value and cost efficiencies. We're leveraging our resources more effectively, with a smaller, more strategic group of suppliers that drive the quality and product affordability that our customers expect from Raytheon. In large part, we're in a position to effectively implement these types of enterprise-wide productivity programs as a result of the strategic investments in our Information Technology area. As Bill just mentioned, we're in the final stages of a company-wide MRP platform implementation, allowing us to improve visibility into our supply chain across the company and better respond to market conditions and customer requirements.  Additionally, we're moving forward with an enterprise-wide product data management system which will allow us to seamlessly collaborate on product design across the company with our suppliers, while integrating with our MRP system for realtime resource planning. These are significant, competitive discriminators and will become increasingly important going forward. If you'd move to Pages 7 and 8. You'll see both the fourth quarter and full year adjusted earnings per share. In the fourth quarter 2011, our adjusted EPS was $1.74, up 12%, and for the full year was $5.90 versus $5.51 in 2010, an increase of 7%. The increase for both periods was driven by operational improvements and capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases. The company generated stronger-than-expected operating cash flow of $2.2 billion in 2011 after the discretionary $750 million cash contribution to our pension plans. This was the result of our continued focus on working capital management and customer advances. Turning now to Page 9. In the first quarter of 2012, we sold the remaining operating assets of RAAS, Raytheon's residual turbo-prop commuter aircraft portfolio, at a slight gain. And all its operations have ceased. And there are no contingent obligations. The results from RAAS are required to be reclassified to discontinued operations for all periods, including our -- including prior periods, beginning in the first quarter of 2012. We provided historical data for this reclassification in the attachments that accompany the press release to help you better understand the impact to our historical results. This completes the sale and closeout process of our 515-plane portfolio that we began a number of years ago. Moving on to our 2012 guidance. We see sales in the range of between $24.5 billion and $25 billion. As for pension, we now see that FAS/CAS Adjustment at $284 million, which is more favorable than we assumed on the third quarter earnings call, primarily due to the $750 million discretionary cash contribution we made in the fourth quarter.  In addition to the discretionary contribution, our 2012 FAS/CAS Adjustment was also impacted by the discount rate environment and our asset returns in 2011, which were slightly negative for the year. Our end-of-year discount rate was 5%. We expect net interest expense to be between $190 million and $200 million, which is higher than 2011 due to the new debt that we issued in the fourth quarter. We see our average diluted shares outstanding to be between $334 million and $340 million on a full year basis. As for our effective tax rate, we see this coming in at approximately 32%. In 2011, our effective tax rate was 29.5%. If you adjust for the 2011 third quarter tax-related benefit and the R&D credit, 2011 would've been approximately 32.5%. Also, and just to be clear, in the past, we've included the R&D tax credit in our guidance. However, for planning purposes, we've not included the possible extension of the R&D tax credit in our 2012 guidance. If the legislation passes, it would favorably impact the effective tax rate by about 100 basis points and is worth about $0.07 in EPS. In 2012, we expect EPS to be in the range of $4.90 to $5.05. We see our adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5.45 to $5.60. Our operating cash flow guidance is expected to be between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion which is down slightly from 2011.  However, it's important to note that we received the cash advance at the end of 2011, which is expected to liquidate as we move through 2012. And we also made a sizable discretionary pension contribution in 2011, which is not anticipated for 2012. When you normalize for these items, cash flow decreases slightly, driven by higher cash taxes, as well as the strong performance we saw in Q4 2011. And finally, we expect our return on invested capital to be between 12.3% and 12.8%.  Continuing on to Page 10. I'll briefly comment on our outlook. From a sales perspective, we see our International business offsetting the softness in our domestic business. We expect 2012 margins to continue to be solid but will be impacted by a change in program mix, contract completions and a workdown of more mature products in our domestic backlog. And again, our improved cost structure gets repriced into our new contracts as they get awarded throughout the year. If you'd now turn to Page 11. We provided you with our 2012 outlook by quarter. You'll notice the improvement in sales cadence as we go through the year, which reflects program timing in the current environment. It's also important to note that there is a slower ramp of our longer-duration international business, specifically associated with some of the larger bookings we received at the end of 2011. We expect bookings to be back-half-loaded, similar to last year. Finally, on Page 12, as many of you have requested, we've provided a summary of the financial impact from our pensions in 2011, as well as our assumptions for 2012 through 2014. We believe this will help you better understand our company over the next few years. I do want to point out that holding all assumptions equal, 2011 represents the inflection point with the FAS/CAS Adjustment continuing to improve in 2012, ultimately turning positive in 2014.  With respect to CAS harmonization, the rule was published late in 2011 and primarily increases the CAS reimbursement in 2014 and beyond. For this outlook, we've held the 5% discount rate constant over the forecast period, notwithstanding possible increases in the interest rate environment. So let me conclude by saying that in 2011, Raytheon delivered strong operating performance with margins, earnings and operating cash flow all ahead of expectations despite the challenging economic environment. Book to bill was strong and total backlog increased year-over-year. We will continue to expand our already substantial international business. Our balance sheet remains solid, with net debt of less than $1 billion.  Given our strong financial position, our diverse portfolio of innovative and affordable technologies and our continued focus on driving efficiencies across the business, we remain confident in our future and in our ability to continue to deliver improved value for our customers and our shareholders.  So with that, Bill and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Heidi Wood, Morgan Stanley.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions for you guys. Actually, just awash in paperwork here, so I'm trying to find the questions. First of all, on the international sales outlook, Bill. As we look forward, can you highlight us -- for us where the areas of opportunity are going forward? I mean, has the Asia-Pacific market sort of flattened out? Or do you see opportunities in Indonesia, Malaysia, Saudi? Where is that coming in from? And also highlight for us what percentage of international sales will they be in 2012 versus '11.
William H. Swanson: Okay, let me start with 2012 first. We expect about 30% of our bookings to come internationally and about 26% of our sales. And we expect probably mid-single-digit increase in the environment. Clearly, for us, Asia and the Middle East are important and are still growing, and we don't see those being flat. And we actually -- given some of our products, they're all around the world. If you take our traffic control business and radars and systems, those have got markets everywhere. We've got C4I opportunities not only in Mideast, but other places in the world. And of course, in our missile business, those continue. Patriot, probably one of our biggest drivers. We've got Kuwait probably in the second half for 2 to 4 fire units. Turkey should be making a decision probably in the first half and an award in the second half. We've got activity in Oman for air defense. We've got Paveway around the world. Mentioned ATC. Training is growing for us internationally. We've sold some virtual simulation equipment, initial sales, and that looks like it's going to proceed to other parts of the world. And we see South America actually warming up as we go forward. If all that helps.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Troy Lahr, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Troy J. Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You guys talked a lot about some of the restructuring efforts that you're going through. But how much of these are you actually able to hold on to? Are you giving back all these to the customer once you guys reprice this? And can you just maybe give me some clarity on that, because we're seeing margins kind of decline a little bit in 2012. So I'm just wondering, even longer term, how much do you guys are trying to keep?
William H. Swanson: Let me take part of it, and I'll turn it over to Dave. One, I would not use the term restructuring. For us, part of what we do every day is continue to take costs out of our business. We do that a number of ways. So Dave went through the Integrated Systems and what we're doing. What we basically try and do in this company is fundamentally lower our cost across the board in all businesses. And for us, we can say that, because all 6 businesses did very well in improving their margin performance. So we look for sustaining in that effort. For us, clearly, 56% of our contracts are fixed price and about 44% are cost plus. So you take that into account when you go forward. Some of those savings immediately go right to the customer, which is good for them, because they want us to do more with no more. And I think we're demonstrating that. And on the fixed price, some of those contracts have a long duration, so you keep it. Some have a short duration, where you bid year-over-year. And where it's year-over-year, we reflect those savings, and then we start again and go look for more savings as we go forward. So for me, having done this for a long time, you never run in place. You're always conditioning yourself to be able to run longer and faster, and that's what we're trying to do here. So with that, I'll turn it to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: So I talked a little bit about this in the opening comments. Raytheon does have a competitive advantage in many areas. Here, specifically, we're addressing the strategic investments that we made in our Information Technology systems that began a number of years ago, and we're in the final phases now. I provided a little bit of color on the supply chain and what we're doing to improve our efficiencies there, along with our supplier partner base. Going forward, we see these type of initiatives continuing, because, again, based on the broad range of company-wide systems that we're able to leverage as we approach cost structure improvements. I agree with Bill. It's more of the way we do business, and I think characterizing it as a restructuring is not the right way to look at our cost and productivity initiatives. Going forward, I would suggest that this continues to be the case. It's something we've talked about for a while. If you are looking at '12, the biggest driver there is the mix of our business, primarily from an international perspective. We have some longer duration, large international programs that are beginning to ramp up and some other international programs that are in the final phases of production, and it's more of a typical cycle. But with that, we do see ourselves continuing to support the customer in their effort to reduce costs and improve affordability. And also, ultimately, it's in the benefit of our shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland, Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick question and one sort of clarification on the cash flow. For Bill, I wondered if you might speak to the ministerial changes in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and what you see that meaning for the world's largest defense export market? And how we should be thinking about that transition, and if it means anything to you and even to some of your peers? I'd love some of your insights there. And secondly, for Dave, just a clarification on your cash flow comments. You said that in Q4, working capital and customer advances were a contributor to the strong performance. And then you called out cash taxes being a headwind in '12, but then you said that '12 cash flow will be down slightly after correcting for, I think, the advances, but not the cash taxes. I'm just trying to figure out, is working capital a reversal in '12 as well? Or is this just the advance reversal and cash taxes?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, it's -- okay, so let me just answer the last question, and then I can clarify whatever you'd like. So as you go forward into '12, what I was trying to do is -- there's a lot of activity, right? We had discretionary pension funding as we move forward from '11 to '12. We had that $750 million pretax, $500 million aftertax. Then if you separate that out, there is a slight increase in the cash taxes year-over-year. The balance of this is we had strong cash performance in Q4, particularly toward the latter part of Q4, which obviously improved 2011. And that's going to be difficult to replicate as we go into 2012. The largest portion of the change between the working capital and the advances is the liquidation of the advances.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Okay, I think I got it.
William H. Swanson: Okay. Let me try and remember the question you gave me. First of all...
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: About KSA and ministerial change.
William H. Swanson: No, no, I remembered, I was just being a little facetious. For Raytheon, we've been there since 1965. So that's 47 years. I've been doing business there for about 32 years, so good portion of that time. We've seen a lot of change in the kingdom. The change has been positive. They have a very good succession planning process. It's laid out, and they've let us know where the changes are going to be. And so for a company that's been there for 47 years and has probably one of the best relationships, I'll be a little bit biased here, we feel very comfortable with what takes place there. And they count on us to do what we say we're going to do and to do a little bit better. And our plan is to continue to delight them. And they're a big customer of ours. And that's about the way I think of it. I look at it as very stable.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So no significant change in how we should think about contracting? And there's no -- there's really a seamless transition is what you're saying?
William H. Swanson: Yes, for us. I mean we've been there. What I tried to -- maybe I'd explain little bit. We've been there so long that we understand it, we feel part of the fabric. And we continue to get contracts there across the board, across all the ministries, whether it's Ministry of Interior, whether it's MODA, whether it's the SANG, the National Guard, we really enjoy our relationship. And I don't see any change in that going forward from a Raytheon perspective.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But it sort of implies it could be different for some of your peers.
William H. Swanson: Well, if you don't perform, it will be really different.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Sam Pearlstein, Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I wanted to just go back a little bit on the cash flow and see if you can maybe quantify some of this, is that if I look at your year-over-year cash from operations, it looks like it's down kind of $400 million to $500 million. You've showed in the slide that you're going to have about $700 million less in cash going into pension. And so I'm just trying to think about how much of that could really be the cash taxes. And then separately, can you just give us a CapEx number for '12 versus '11?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, CapEx for '12, let me start off with that, including the software portion, is about in line with what we -- where we ended for '11. So there's no big swing item in that area. And if you look at kind of '11 to '12, because of the year-end performance, in combination with the advances, the way I would suggest, Sam, looking at our cash flow is really over a 2-year period. And I think if you normalize it, you'll see more of the normal pace and cadence from our company perspective. The change is between the advances. And the performance in Q4 is in the neighborhood, year-over-year, of $700 million, $800 million. But again, this is all due to the timing of what happens when. It could happen on the last day of one quarter versus the first day of another. So I think it's better, and analytically, if you're going to try to look at the company and understand the company to sort of average this over a 2-year period.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: But if I see -- if I just look at the advances line, it's up $500 million from the September quarter to the December. So that's what you're talking about in terms of the advances. And then I'm just trying to just get a quantification of cash taxes in '12 versus '11. How big of a shift is it?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, the shift in cash taxes to '12 is about $100 million, $150 million. Now that's excluding the impact of the cash taxes from the discretionary pension contribution. If you take that into account, it's $350 million. So I'm trying to just walk that down. I was isolating the tax benefit associated with the discretionary pension contribution.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Robert Spingarn, Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about the organic sales expectation by domestic and international, Bill? And then perhaps offer your bookings expectation for the year.
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think the way I look at this is I expect domestic to be down, probably down because of inflation, because we'd look at it being flat with inflation taking it down. And then on the macro part, we look at the international offsetting that to kind of keep us at, I'd say, level as we look through it. At the same time, if the international happened at a faster rate, then the international would really offset the domestic. And so, we're pushing hard on some big jobs internationally to see if we can begin to move to left a little bit, which would be better for the home team, as I look at it. And so that's where our real push is. And as Dave mentioned, we had some come in at the late part of the year a little later than we wanted. But the good news is they came in. And for us, internationally, we're not having losses. It's just a delay. So I feel really good about our international posture of where we're going. And then the other thing, domestically, we're seeing a good uptick in the classified. For us, total year, we had about 12% of our bookings and about 15% of our sales in classified. And next year, we expect bookings about 13% or 15% range. And we expect sales in the 14% or 15%. So we expect a high single- or low double-digit growth in the classified area. So that's a positive on the domestic side that we expect to see more of that, especially where we think the department is going in '12, '13, and '14.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Bill, can we put some more specific numbers to those though? Would we have like -- what would your book-to-bill expectation be across the company for the year? And then on the organic growth decline domestically, what does that look like, given that you've got sort of flattish sales with the acquisitions and the international growing?
David C. Wajsgras: Let me kind of set up a little perspective, and I'll answer your question very directly. So you start out with a bookings cadence in 2011. Bookings in the first half of the year were about $12.5 billion. The balance of a little bit better than $14 billion was in the back half of the year. It's following the same sort of pace and cadence as we go into '12, just say, roughly speaking, 40%, 45% in the first half. The balance in the back half of the year. That's kind of from a company-level viewpoint. So you take this down, what does it translate into. For -- from a domestic sales standpoint, full year basis, we see ourselves being down in the low single digits, say 2%, 3%-ish. From an international standpoint, mid to high single digits, and then you kind of run through the math. And that takes you to about flat on the year, maybe plus 1% to down 1%. And if you want a book end, the book-to-bill ratio today, again, it's early in the year, but you could be anywhere in the say, slightly under 1 to maybe upwards of 1.04, 1.05, right in that neighborhood.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Strauss, UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Bill, how are you thinking about the potential for the sequester? And how do you plan for that, given that it's unlikely anything's going to be resolved until post the presidential election?
William H. Swanson: Well, what we do here is since Modeling and Sim is a good part of our business, we look at both the upside and the downside and what it means. And the other thing that we look at, I mean, the key things are the versatility of our portfolio. I've always been trained when one door closes, another door opens. Here, the way we talk about it in our company is trying to figure out the second and third order effects of every decision. So for us, what we look at is we still have to figure out how to train, fight and equip, and we have to do it in this new environment. And given that we've got 8,000 programs and 15,000 contracts, we go through a pretty good analysis of figuring out, okay, this is what the normal budget would be, and if we did go to sequestration, what would they do and how would we handle it? Where do we offset it? Clearly, for us, if I think about what the SecDef says, he still wants to have the strongest military in the world. He believes the forces will be smaller but still significant. He wants them agile, flexible, rapid, et cetera. He wants to focus on the balance of global posture, which is really the Pacific region, MENA, and he wants to work on partnerships. So if I think through that part, our international strategy really ties in nice. We also tie into the front part, and he wants to be able to confront multiple aggressors and wants to continue to invest in defense technology. And so, when I think of all the things that he wants to do in the current environment and what sequester would do to them, we'd look at it and make sure that we see the telltale signs of it as things happen, and that as a company, we have plans in place to be able to handle that. And so from our standpoint, we know what to do, if the worst happens. Spending my time on The Hill, we're not hearing about the worst happening. They're trying to figure out ways around this, but we'll see what will happen. But in any case, plus, middle or down, I can assure you the company has plans in place to be able to handle that.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, but just to be clear in terms of your forecast, as it stands say, revenue forecast, it doesn't incorporate any impact from the sequester coming -- actually coming through this year.
William H. Swanson: Right, because if you look at it, the fiscal year '12 and '13 budgets have the Budget Control Act built into them. The only thing that could change that is if somebody decides that they're really going to go through -- go in and throw the knife and make it happen. Then I think we'll start to see that in '14 and '15. But there could be some cancellations in '13.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. As a follow-up, can you just give us an idea on DDG 1000, where that stands now in terms of a revenue run rate? How much does it come off? And what's the outlook for it over the next year or 2?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So right. If you go back to '10, the program from a Raytheon standpoint drove about $800 million in sales. You roll the reel forward. The program was retimed out a few more years than we originally had anticipated. And in 2011, we had about $450 million in sales from that program. And that'll come down to about $300 million in '12 and then start to rebound about $100 million a year after that. In other words, it'll be up to about $400 million in '13.
William H. Swanson: And I would add something to what Dave said, as there's going to be a pretty good debate going on now between what Zumwalt can do and what the 51 can do. There's a GAL report out that is asking for a pretty good analysis to be done, because some of the decisions that were made back when really didn't have all the information to what the Zumwalt can do. So we're looking forward to seeing that first ship go in the water with its capabilities. And we think it's going to be eye-watering when people see what this new hull can do and the electronics in the ship. And if you look at it, manning, you go from 450 people down to 150, if I remember my numbers right. So it should be some exciting times for Zumwalt coming up here.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky, Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was wondering if you could, on a more book-peaking-type question, update us on the percentage of overall company sales that you might get from your largest contract at this point, and maybe from your top 10 contracts?
William H. Swanson: Yes. Let me talk a little bit about composition and diversification as -- since the numbers are very important to us. Only 36 of our contracts had sales greater than $100 million last year. Only one contract had sales greater than $500 million. Only 31 contracts made up 25% of our sales. The next 25% were 132 contracts. The remaining 50% is driven by 15,000 contracts. So I'll give you an idea of the diversification of our portfolio and how we look at the company. And one of the reasons why I feel sorry for all of you, because it's really hard to model us, when you look at it, when you have that many contracts in the mix. But the good part about it is that it really speaks to the strength of the portfolio of smaller forces, how do you be significant, agile, flexible and rapid. And we can do that. And then it's -- you give me an opportunity to do a little bit of my thing. I like to talk about tech wins that no one ever reads about. And some of the wins we're having are phenomenal, where we have strategic social interaction, where we really look at helping the military understand how you engage with others, with cultural differences, just to give you an idea of the versatility of what we get into. We have another program called Sirius, which is a learning environment of how do you mitigate cognitive base -- biases. So when analysts look at things, you have built-in biases, and we're working with gamers and others to help analysts understand how you get those biases out when you look at data or information. And then we have our high-frequency Surface Wave Radar systems, where we can do coastal defense and with unbelievable area coverage far enough out. I mentioned our virtual simulation. We had an international award there, but now countries are realizing they can do training in a different way, especially when you realize the youth is very comfortable with virtual worlds. And then we have work we do for the Automated Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast capability, ADSB, which is the air traffic control work that we're doing there. And then we've got railgun pulse forming networks. We kind of see those in the movies, so Transformers and stuff. But that's the stuff this company's involved in. So broad based portfolio, lots of tech wins going on that help us here in the future. If that helps.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just one quick follow up. If we look at margins out of the next several years, Dave, I think you mentioned that international, as far as the revenue rate, they're kind of picking up into the back half of the year, I'm guessing that moves into 2013 as well. Can you confirm or just give us some color as to what margin rates do when international becomes a greater mix of your overall business to be able to stay at current levels or actually move higher as that mix moves more towards international.
David C. Wajsgras: Well -- so we performed well in '11. Understand that's in the rearview mirror. That was the result primarily of controlling and managing our cost structure. And we'll continue to do that as we move forward. As we shift more toward international, we do see that benefiting the company from a return standpoint. So I would suggest that we will continue to focus the group on return on sales and managing the cost structure and capitalizing and leveraging on our international business. One of the things that you have to keep in mind is -- and we've said this in the past, the numbers that you see are the company average. So there's a lot of programs that are to the left of that average and some programs to the right of that average. And internally, we continue to focus on programs that are to the left of center and continue to try to drive the company toward improving overall returns for the company as we move ahead. Hope that helps.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr, Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I follow the company for over 25 years. Nice to see you break out single-line item total Patriot orders. I always thought it was like 25 programs. Nice to admit that it's really one major area. So anyway, so you had $3.1 billion of orders, and it looks like your book to bill was well over 1. And you indicated that DDG is coming down this year. But we've gone 2 years with book to bill at IDS kind of over 1.1. The rebound of DDG next year, I mean, in 2013 -- I mean, and the growing backlog on Patriot. I mean, is there any way we're not going to have a good sales gain at IDS in 2013?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, it's -- I like your analysis. We're not talking about 2013, but I would suggest that if you stand back and look at the performance of IDS and the large awards and the duration of some of these contracts as they start to ramp up, I think we'll see a good, solid year for IDS in '13 on top of a strong year in 2012 .
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: But then you projected that margins are going to be down, and yet you have this big incremental backlog add from the Patriot. And the Saudi work is your second Config-3 customer. So shouldn't the profitability be at least as good, if not improving?
David C. Wajsgras: There's a lot of moving parts, and you have to, firstly, keep in mind that the margin, by and large, as we look again in the rearview mirror, was driven by the productivity actions, and those at some point in time, either realtime or in a fairly short period of time, get repriced in the contracts. So that's part one. Part two is the larger programs that were recently awarded in IDS and some of the ones that we anticipate being awarded this year are longer-duration, ramp-up programs. And as a result, given the initial risk in opportunity profile, we have to take all that into account with respect to our booking rates and how we see these programs from a return perspective. So in 2012, you're starting to see the ramp up of some new programs, and you're seeing the final phases of some longer-term production programs. As we move into '13 and '14, we'll continue to push on margins, not only at IDS but across the company.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of George Shapiro, Access 3:42.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Dave or Bill, I'm just wondering, you usually give how much international sales grew in the quarter and how much domestic came down, and what classified it. But unless I was sleeping on -- I didn't hear it this time.
William H. Swanson: Let me try to do some of them, and Dave can chime in here. I think I mentioned on the classified, they represented total year about 12% of our bookings and 15% of the sales. It was about the same thing in Q4, in that, and classified grew about 9% year-over-year. And we expect similar growth next year in the 8% to 10% range. On the international, for the total year, they were 29% of the bookings and about 25% of the sales. And for the quarter, it was about 33% of the bookings and 25% of the sales. And that was about a 7% increase year-over-year. In '12, I think I mentioned bookings should be about 30% sales around 26%, and we expect mid-single-digit increase.
David C. Wajsgras: So George, one of the things -- and I'll provide a little more color. One of the things that's important to keep in mind is there were 5 fewer workdays overall on the quarter. So year-over-year, from a company standpoint, adjusting for those days, we would have been up about 2% from an overall standpoint. But when you just run the pure math, and you don't normalize for days, classified would've been down about 5%, but it's not a good comp, because you're comparing a little bit of apples and oranges. And I think that's maybe what you were looking for.
William H. Swanson: And the one thing I'd add that we didn't chat about that cyber continues to grow for us. We both have the white and the black world here, or classified, and unclassified, but the good news is the way we look at classified and the way we can, but we can't report on it. But clearly, for us, we saw double-digit increase last year in cyber, and for your all benefit, the RFPs are starting to see an uptick in this world. So we're feeling pretty good about where cyber's going. And to kind of put it in perspective, I think we got about 2,000 people -- professionals, working on the 1s and 0s side and an equal number working on making sure that our solutions are inside our products as we go. So that's why it makes it hard for us compared to anybody else. We do it in the product and services, plus we do it internally.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: So Dave, putting it all together, how much was domestic down on both adjusted and unadjusted basis?
David C. Wajsgras: In the fourth quarter, I can give you the unadjusted. It was down just a little under 7.5%. But again, George -- and this is important, so I'll reemphasize that those 5 days have a big swing in all of these numbers. And if you want to do it analytically, you can. I'll leave that to you, which is fine, but just on an arithmetic basis, it was down a little under 7.5%. Again, that's not a good comp because of the 5 less workdays.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: And then just one slightly different question. You're projecting NCS sales in '12 to be down to flat to down a little bit after declining by 9% in '11. Given the sharp declines we're seeing in the Army and the high focus of that business it -- in the Army, why won't that revenue number be down by more?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So NCS was historically aligned with Army requirements, as you just suggested. And priorities have shifted. So when we look at C4I, they have 1 or 2 meaningful international prospects in 2012, and we would expect them to ramp up during the year. It's also important to note that they have some real opportunity to expand in the Homeland Security area. So I guess the summary is they're ramping down in the second-gen EO Army business and shifting more towards international areas of C4I, Homeland Security and virtual or simulation training.
William H. Swanson: Plus, I'd add their Air Traffic Control Radar and Systems business is picking up, because international air traffic is growing. And for us, we see Homeland Security increasing. I think last year, we had sales around $760 million. If you go back a couple of years ago, that was about $532 million. And we expect Homeland Security to grow in the low single digits. And that's one of the strengths of NCS.
Todd B. Ernst: We're going to have to leave it there today. Thank you, all, for joining us. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter call in April. Deanna?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Todd B. Ernst - Vice President of Investor Relations David C. Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Troy J. Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Third Quarter 2011 Internal Earnings Conference Call. My name is Deanna, and I'll be the operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd B. Ernst: Thank you, Deanna. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The result that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investors Relations section of our website.  With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then move on to questions.  Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon's performance was solid in the third quarter. Our focus on execution drove strong margins and cash flow. Our new awards resulted in a book to bill of 1.12 and reflects good customer demand for our products. Execution was strong across all our businesses. Our bookings were driven in part by 13 programs over $100 million each, primarily driven by Missile Systems, which had over 50% of these contract awards. I want to point out that this was the second highest quarter in bookings ever for our Missile business. In dollar terms, these 13 awards represent more than 40% of our $6.9 billion for the quarter. The remaining 60% of orders was comprised of hundreds of programs averaging under $5 million each. The take away for us is that our customers continue to invest in our affordable and innovative solutions that Raytheon has to offer.  It's also notable during the quarter we received just under $1.3 billion of international orders. We continue to see strong demand globally for our technologies and products. Our Classified business remains an area of strength as well, with sales increasing by 10% in the quarter, the vast majority of which was organic. As we all know, the overall budget environment remains fluid. Once again, we're operating under a continuing resolution, which is reflected in our updated guidance. Dave will provide some color around this in his remarks.  Given the economic environment, we're focusing on the things we can control. We continue to work closely with our customers to reduce costs, shorten time lines and improve efficiency. Our efforts to streamline the supply chain, reduce overhead and optimize our facility utilization are moving forward, and we are seeing continued improvements. Given today's global threat environment, we believe defense will continue to be a high priority in our government's future spending plans. As such, I want to take a few minutes today to highlight some of the recent key technology wins, and there's a lot of exciting work that we're doing to support our customers which will drive future growth.  Raytheon BBN received an order or orders from the U.S. Army for a variant of the Boomerang shooter detection system, which pinpoints incoming small arms fires from the shooters, helping to protect our troops. IDS was awarded a contract for developing an integrated GPS-based system for navy surface ships and subsurface platforms, which uses open architecture net-centric approach to allow hosting the positioning, navigation and timing data in a common computing environment, thus enhancing the ship's operability with onboard systems. While at the same time, SAS received a contract from the Air Force Research Laboratory for the development of advanced high anti-jam GPS situational awareness sensors for applications on small weapons and UAV systems.  And just to further emphasize our cutting-edge technology and innovative solutions continue to be well aligned with our customers' evolving requirements, particularly in the areas of air and missile defense, ISR, EW, Air Traffic Management, Homeland Security and training.  Let me sum up by saying we had a solid quarter in a challenging environment. Our strategies and our efforts to take out costs are reflected in our results, and we will continue to deliver value for our customers and our shareholders. All of this is made possible by the dedication, hard work and world-class talent of the Raytheon team.  With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks starting with third quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the webslides that we issued earlier this morning.  If everyone could please move to Page 3. As Bill noted, we performed well in the third quarter. Our continued focus on performance and execution across the company drove margins, EPS and operating cash flow results during the quarter.  Our total company bookings for the quarter was $6.9 billion resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.12. Our adjusted EPS, which excludes the FAS/CAS pension adjustment and a favorable tax settlement was $1.39, up 3% driven by capital deployment actions, as well as operational improvements. Sales were $6.1 billion in the quarter, about $100 million below our guidance and reflects the challenging environment. Adjusted operating margins were up 20 basis points to 13%. We delivered strong operating cash flow from continuing operations of $859 million, which is better than expected, driven primarily by working capital.  I'll address updates to our 2011 guidance in just a few minutes. During the quarter, the company repurchased 7.6 million shares of common stock for $312 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 20.1 million shares for $937 million. And as we announced last month, the company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2 billion of the company's outstanding common stock.  It's also worth highlighting that on October 17, Moody's upgraded our long-term senior unsecured credit rating to A3, reflecting the company's strong financial position. Turning now to Page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our third quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $6.9 billion and on a year-to-date basis were $19.4 billion. Taken together in the last 2 quarters, we have seen solid bookings on both a domestic and international basis. Notable bookings in the third quarter included $584 million of missiles for the production of AMRAAM for the U.S. Air Force and international customers, $329 million for the development of Standard Missile-3 for the Missile Defense Agency and $221 million for production of Evolved Sea Sparrow Missiles for the U.S. Navy and international customers. SAS and IIS booked $468 million and $313 million respectively on a number of classified programs. NCS booked $187 million for the production of Sentinel radars spares and services for the U.S. Army and international customers. IDS booked $142 million for the production of airborne, low-frequency sonar systems and spares for the U.S. Navy and $93 million to provide advanced Patriot air and missile capability for an international customer. And Technical Services booked $256 million for domestic training and $67 million for foreign training programs. Backlog at the end of the third quarter was $35 billion, an increase of approximately $400 million over year end 2010. So if you'd now move to Page 5. Sales were $6.1 billion, slightly below our previous expectations due to the timing of program awards, as well as our cost-reduction efforts. Comparing sales by business to last year's third quarter, IDS had net sales of $1.2 billion. The change in IDS was primarily due to lower volume on international Patriot and the Zumwalt program as a result of the revised funding profile, which I spoke about on prior calls.  It's also worth noting that the 30-day formal notification for Saudi Patriot was submitted to Congress on October 19. We expect to receive approval, our approval letter, from the State Department after the 30-day clock expires. IIS had third quarter 2011 net sales of $760 million compared to $735 million in the third quarter of 2010, primarily driven by higher sales on classified programs. Missile Systems had net sales of $1.4 billion, in line with the same period a year ago. NCS had net sales of $1.1 billion. The change in net sales is primarily due to ground-based sensor programs for the U.S. Army, which are nearing completion. Space and Airborne Systems had net sales of $1.3 billion in the quarter, up 5%, primarily driven by growth on intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance programs, as well as sales related to Raytheon Applied Signal Technology. The integration of Applied Signal Technology is going well, and their programs and results are tracking to our objectives. And Technical Services had net sales of $817 million, the 6% change was primarily due to lower sales on programs that are nearing completion, including a DTRA program and a TSA program. Moving ahead to Page 6, we were pleased by our overall company margin performance. Our adjusted margin was 13%, up 20 basis points. On a year-to-date basis, our adjusted margin was 12.7%, also up 20 basis points over the comparable period in 2010. The strength of our margins reflects the benefits of our broad portfolio of programs, both domestic and international, as well as our focus on executing cost reductions and efficiencies.  So looking at margins by business, IDS, Missiles, NCS and Technical Services margins were up in the quarter compared with the same period last year, the result of solid operating performance. IIS margins were essentially in line with prior year's Q3.  Now at SAS, the change in margins was in part due to acquisition and integration-related costs, which had an impact of approximately 60 basis points in the quarter and a $14 million or 110 basis points -- a $14 million charge or 110 basis points related to a contract modification. You may also remember that last year's third quarter was exceptionally strong for SAS from an overall performance standpoint. Turning now to Page 7. Third quarter 2011 adjusted EPS was $1.39. The increase was driven by program performance and capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases and on the year-to-date basis, adjusted EPS was $4.17, up 6% from the same period last year. If you'd now turn to Page 8. I'd like to comment on our current guidance for the year. We now see sales for the year in the range of $25 billion to $25.3 billion. Broadly speaking, the revised outlook reflects the current environment that the industry is facing. More specifically, there have been delays in new program starts and funding. We expect this to be the case for the balance of the year, driven by the CR from a domestic standpoint. Further impacting the near-term sales outlook is the timing of international awards and our cost-reduction initiatives.  As we've done in prior years, during the third quarter, we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of the update, FAS/CAS pension expense for the year decreased by $27 million, from $365 million to $338 million. We have raised the lower end, narrowing our adjusted EPS outlook to be between $5.55 and $5.65. We increased our 2011 guidance for GAAP EPS to be between $4.94 and $5.04, which reflects the updated full year FAS/CAS pension expense and a slightly higher-than-expected tax settlement. Our current operating cash flow outlook for the full year of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion remains on track. Overall, our updated outlook for 2011 reflects our ability to drive performance through operational improvements and capital deployment actions. And as you can see on Page 9, we've reflected the change in our guidance by business. The increase in margin reflects the expected additional benefits of productivity and efficiency initiatives.  Overall, we're pleased with our operational performance and the results we've delivered while at the same time, passing along cost savings to our customers. Now typically, we provide initial guidance for next year on our third quarter call. But given the environment, the continuing resolution, as well as the outcome from the super committee's recommendations, which we expect to see on November 23, it wouldn't be prudent to provide 2012 guidance at this time. As we look ahead, there are a range of possible outcomes from an industry perspective. With that said, we believe Raytheon is well positioned given our diverse portfolio, international content, strong performance, bookings, efficiency results and a solid financial foundation. We've had a strong book to bill for the last 2 quarters at an average of 1.16. We are taking out costs -- we are taking costs out of the business and we've seen the results in our operating margins. And again, our broad portfolio of technologies and products are well aligned with customer priorities, both domestically and internationally. As we've done in the past, we intend to provide detailed 2012 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. So if you would please move to Page 10, we've provided a FAS/CAS pension adjustment matrix for 2012 as we've done in prior years. And just to be clear, the discount rate and the actual asset returns won't be known until we close out 2011. Before we open it up for Q&A, let me summarize. We saw solid performance in the third quarter and in many areas exceeded the guidance we provided back in July. We had strong bookings, strong margins and better-than-expected operating cash flow. Our results reflect the actions we've taken to continue to deliver solid performance notwithstanding the current economic environment.  Looking ahead, we remain laser-focused on delivering best value for our customers. This includes making sure the company continues to be proactive and have the right cost structure to operate effectively and efficiently in a dynamic and evolving marketplace. We're well positioned to address the challenges in our industry and deliver affordable, innovative solutions that meet the needs of our customers while also creating value for our shareholders.  So with that, Bill and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Heidi Wood, Morgan Stanley.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Bill, various defense contractors have taken a range of strategies to kind of offset the defense budget down cycles, focusing on international or healthcare, IT. It seems like you're spending more and more time working on Homeland Security. Can you talk to us a little bit about how you're differentiating your strategy on that and when you're going to start to see more and more effects of the efforts you're putting in there?
William H. Swanson: Yes, Heidi, it's a great question. I'd like to just go back and say we've got a solid foundation in air and missile defense and in ISR, EW and if you look at cyber and the other areas we're working on. For us, they really provide us the foundation for Homeland Security. And when you look at it, it really goes into Border Security and it really goes into the command-and-control that some nations need to be able to integrate their air picture or their ground picture into providing what I call high-fidelity information to them so they can make decisions. So for us, the Homeland or Border Security really brings together all the aspects of the company, and it's really a natural. And you know our portfolio, so you can imagine how it all comes together. So for us, we've got international C2 opportunities that we expect to see in either Q4 or Q1. We've got some international sensing programs that should be coming in that will tie all that together. And I guess, the way I'd look at it is as you look at the U.S. pulling out of forward -- our forward presence, one of the things everybody wants to know is what's going on, on the borders. And we believe our company has all the tools to be able to do that. From a bookings point of view, we expect to be around $750 million, $800 million this year, and we expect sales to be between $750 million and $800 million in the same range, both of those are increases over the prior year. So we see growth, if that helps.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then my follow-up question, Bill, is that, and I unfortunately burdened the 2 executives yesterday with this question so you weren't alone in this one, but the Pentagon is engaging in this should cost exercise which is -- appears to be going not just to the primes but also to the suppliers, and of course, you have industry-leading margins. Doesn't this exercise imply lower margins, lower revenues, and in fact, possible contract delays, because this government analysis is going to create some disagreement and thus delays in contracting?
William H. Swanson: I guess I don't look at it that way, Heidi. I view the kind of programs we have, if you take AMRAAM, we're in our 25th or 26th year. And every year, we're asked to deliver AMRAAMs. We've grown them from model A to model D. And if you look at it, the government looks to us to give them more increased capability and to be able to do that at a lower price. And so we kind of get up every day and have to do that, and it's part of our D&A culture. And as Dave talked about, our margins went up because we're taking costs out of the business. And you know what, when we propose it next time, those proposals will reflect that lower cost. So that's good for our customers and we don't have a hang-up with it. I mean, our company's D&A is being competitive in doing what we do. So that's, I guess, why I don't have any concern about it.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Carter Copeland, Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. First off, Dave on the margins for -- that are implied in the fourth quarter, I'm sure you're prepared to answer this one. But in TS, we're obviously implying a bit of a deterioration and in IIS, you're implying about 9%, it looks like, given the guidance, and in NCS, about 13%, which is running below where you've been the first 3 quarters of the year. Can you just give us some color on what's happening in those 3 segments in terms of profitability in the fourth quarter?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So with respect to TS, both the third quarter and year-to-date was above guidance as we generated strong performance on some of the contracts that are reaching the end of life basically. Q4, there is a mix change from efforts on lower margin work, and we also expect a lower throughput in our Customized Engineering & Depot Services business, which is a higher margin business. We did raise the margin outlook for the year, 60 to 90 basis points, and that, as you've noted, is driven by the year-to-date performance. So you asked about -- I'm sorry, the other 2 businesses were IIS...
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: IIS and NCS.
David C. Wajsgras: Right. So there's nothing too remarkable going on with respect to IIS. They've performed well. As you know, early in the year, a letter of credit was drawn by the UKBA and that impacted the year-to-date results. Q4 does include sales on some higher margin programs, and we have a lot of confidence in that business just given the way they've delivered throughout the year. On the last business, SAS. I'm sorry, NCS...
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: NCS, yes.
David C. Wajsgras: NCS. For both the third quarter and year-to-date, we've exceeded our expectations. There are some mix changes slightly in Q4, which are driven by new starts, new program starts on development work and also a ramp down on some longer-standing production programs, specifically for the U.S. Army. We have raised our full year guidance 30 to 50 basis points, and again, that's driven by the year-to-date performance and the timing of some cost improvements that's been initiated in that business.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And then a follow-up on the pension front. I wondered if given where we are today, if you could tell us a little bit about how you're thinking about pension funding for next year and beyond and how that may have changed given where we are with discount rates.
David C. Wajsgras: Right. So obviously, this is forward-looking. Today, the environment for the discount rate would be somewhere in the 5% to 5.25%. In 2011, from an assumption standpoint, we had used 5.75%. The expected returns, long-term expected returns, at 8.75% for '11 are expected at this point to be the same for '12. From an actual return standpoint, as of close of business yesterday, we were -- our pension assets were running at just about negative 1%. So we're right around breakeven from that standpoint. From a funding perspective, given sort of those assumptions, looking ahead, we would see gross funding at about $1.3 billion next year, which is up from $1.1 billion this year. Now obviously, neither those numbers, '11 or '12, includes any discretionary pension contributions, the type that we've done in the past.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Troy Lahr, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Troy J. Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I know you didn't want to talk about 2012, but in a flat budget environment, can you still see Raytheon having some growth next year?
William H. Swanson: It's Bill, let me answer this. If we were to assume the DoD is flat to slightly negative due to inflation, we believe that in that case, our international backlog opportunities and portfolio and our technology would more than offset this impact, if that helps. That's kind of how we think about it.
Troy J. Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So flat to down, you might be flattish I guess, you're saying?
William H. Swanson: Or up a skosh. It's all the timing. But from our standpoint, I think how we look at it is, DoD flat to slightly negative, including inflation.
Troy J. Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up, can you just update us on what you're thinking about bookings? I think you were previously at $27.5 billion.
William H. Swanson: Yes. Right now, if you look at it, crystal ball would say we're about at $27 billion plus or minus $500 million, and we're probably right at the midpoint there. So it's still strong bookings in this environment.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Sam Pearlstein, Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about, I guess, if you take the, call it, $500 million or so of sales that you've pushed out in terms of the year, can you characterize that in terms of what our program delays versus maybe cancellations and even in the cost-plus world, where you've lowered the cost structure so you're actually getting hit because of the cost-plus nature of those contracts?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay, so Sam, that is a good question, and we'll add some clarity to that. So if you think about the outlook coming down $500 million to $600 million, about half of that, a little more than half of that, relates to the timing of awards that we've been talking about on the last quarter or 2. Around 25% of it relates to the continuing resolution that we now find ourselves in, and a little less than 25% relates to the cost-reduction actions, again, that we've been engaged in throughout the year.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just as we think about and look at that continuing resolution and what may change, given your large backlog, can you just talk about which businesses are probably the most sensitive to near-term changes in the budget environment where you would call them, I guess, short-cycle type of businesses where if we see a reduction, it immediately affects your business?
William H. Swanson: Yes, usually short cycle is lower margin kind of business. And for us, RTSC's margins aren't that bad, but they'd be probably more affected than anyone on short cycle. If you look at Missiles, their programs usually have good gestation periods, as I call them. They run 3 to 4 years. IDS, SAS is in that category. IIS would probably be next to RTSC, only because the intelligence community runs on a shorter span cycle, and then I would say NCS would be in the middle, if that helps.
David C. Wajsgras: Because what generally happens is programs that are fungible, if you're looking at Fed IT or IT kind of thing, so that's where people can really cut first and have an effect. So that's where I would see part of the pressure coming.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Rob Spingarn, Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A couple questions on the segments. IDS, you talked about the lower Patriot or the absence of the -- an international contract there. But Dave, could you walk through -- the margins went up, the sales went down, wouldn't this have actually reduced margins or was there an award fee or reserve reversal in the Q that helped?
David C. Wajsgras: No, there was no reserve reversal. What we alluded to with respect to the International Patriot business was just the timing of activity year-over-year. I would read absolutely nothing into that. The Patriot business for us is very, very, strong, very, very healthy. We have a very solid pipeline. We've articulated a multitude of opportunities. It's simply just timing of activity this quarter versus last year's third quarter for programs that are essentially in production. From a margin standpoint, IDS did perform exceptionally well. It was driven by a combination of both contract mix, domestic and international, as well as overall cost-reduction improvements. So I hope that puts the right frame...
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, it does. And then I would ask you, cost reduction is a theme here. We're seeing a lot of cost takeout across the contracting base, not just from you, but from peers as well. I mean, how much further can this go? How much headroom do you have? And then the other thing I wanted to ask you about is you talked about the weaker army -- this is in tangent to Sam's question. The weaker army business you saw on NCS, army looks like it's going to get hit the hardest here in the budget. So how long can -- how much downside do you see across the segments in army, so cost takeout and army downside.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So Raytheon has strong margins historically, and certainly, that's the case for 2011, and in particular, the third quarter. We continue to find ways to improve the overall efficiency of the business. And the byproduct of improving efficiency is improved cost and higher margins, and ultimately, a more competitive business. I would suggest that we will continue to find ways to improve the overall efficiency, to take costs out of the company, whether that's in supply chain, in overhead, in G&A. We're approaching NBI differently today than we did in the past, so we've become very, very efficient on bidding on new programs, both competitive and sole source. So I would say you could expect the cost-reduction improvements that we've made to continue into the foreseeable future. With respect to the U.S. Army production program, that's something we've been talking about for quite a while. It's primarily ground-based sensors and products related to ground-based sensors. This is -- it's not new news. It's something we had planned on. It's something the customer had planned on. NCS is doing a fine job in transitioning that business into a broader portfolio of products, focusing on international, on Homeland Security, on air traffic control. And we expect NCS to deliver very well for Raytheon as we go forward into '12 and beyond.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard, Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Dave, a quick overview on the bookings. I was wondering if you also had some good bookings in the quarter. But if you were to split them out between exports and domestic, what was the sort of year-on-year growth or decline in those 2 buckets?
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So from a bookings standpoint, in Q3, Bill actually mentioned this earlier, we had about $1.3 billion in international bookings, and $5.6 billion in domestic bookings. Overall, the bookings increased by about $1 billion. And that was -- over last year, that was, I believe, and I'll confirm this, split about equally relative to both international and domestic. But I will confirm that for you.
William H. Swanson: And Dave, I would add that we see bookings this year being about 30% international and sales being about 25%. So that would give you an idea of the mix kind of how we look at where the year will end up, just to add a little color there.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. As a follow-up related to the exports, Bill. I was wondering if you could give us an update on some of your major targets out there on the export market and whether any of these have been delayed as tends to happen.
William H. Swanson: There's a lot going on international for us. And let me kind of take them off my mind here. We got TPY-2 radars that are both domestic and international. We expect about $800 million in the radar side of those. Between, I'd say, Q4, Q1, I'd say half international, have domestic. We've got Taiwan Patriot that we're expecting to wrap up this year. That'd be Q4, say, $600 million plus or minus $100 million. We've got Kuwait 2 or a 4 lot depending on what they really want to do, so that could be $600 million to $1 billion. We look at that at first half of fiscal year '12. We've got Paveways, which are continuing to be in demand due to replenishment and so forth. So we see about $500 million in that late Q4, some in the first half of fiscal year '12. Our air traffic control radars are about $200 million to $300 million. We see those in Q4, Q1. Missiles, even though they had a great quarter, we're seeing another $600 million to $800 million for them, about 1/3 in Q4 and I'd say about 2/3 of that will show up in the first half of next year. Training, about $100 million we see internationally in Q4. We've got Turkey Patriot. We expect to hear their decision sometime later this year, and that should be awarded, say, mid in the next year on that program, and that will be good sized depending on what they get. You probably read Oman is looking for ground-based air defense systems about $1 billion to $1.5 billion. So we're working that. International C2, we expect to see $400 million or $500 million internationally in Q4, Q1. And what am I forgetting? Oh, and international Border Security kind of radar, the $100 million probably fourth quarter this year. And I think I could keep going but I'd stop there. The international, very strong. There are delays. But they're -- I guess the way I look at them, I don't like delays, but we live with them. They're not cancellations, and that's the way you've got to look at it. We feel very good about our product line and what we're discussing with our customers and they're buying. Just pinpointing that time is hard because their schedules are different than ours and of course, patience is not a Western virtue. So we work hard to get them done.
David C. Wajsgras: Rob, just last thing. While Bill was talking, I was able to just confirm. It was about 50-50. The incremental $1 billion is split between international and domestic on about a 50-50 basis.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of David Strauss, UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Dave, can you touch a little bit on cash flow? You maintained your guidance, but I think in the quarter, you came in a couple hundred million ahead of your expectation. Obviously, that would still put you in your guidance range, but could you maybe talk if you're trending towards the high end of that?
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. I think that at this stage, again, we give, obviously, bookends, cashes, the toughest thing to nail from a point estimate standpoint. If you think about the mid-range to high-end, I think you're more in line than thinking about it at the lower end of the range. That's where I would suggest if you're trying to figure out where we're going to close out the year. That's what I'm seeing.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And you're still on track for about $700 million in cash taxes for the year?
David C. Wajsgras: Slightly under, that's right, slightly under. Now we did receive that tax refund, you'll recall, of about $100 million. So it's slightly under $600 million.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And my follow-up just maybe a little bit nitpicky, but if I take your segment expectations and take those and add them up to what it means for an EPS number, I come in well above what your EPS guidance is using all the other assumptions. What is the plug? Is that conservatism or what am I missing?
David C. Wajsgras: Well, no. I think if you stand back from this, there's a range on each one of the segments. And then you have to look at what goes on from an intercompany standpoint, what gets eliminated. So the math does work. I don't think you're missing anything. From a big picture standpoint, as we took down the expectation on sales, $500 million or $600 million, that impacted us by about $0.10 or $0.12, and that was offset by the margin improvements that we spoke about a little bit earlier today. We've tightened up the range on the share count from a high end of $3.59 to a high end of $3.54. And we had a little bit of a change from a tax rate standpoint because the assumptions on PBT from a taxable income perspective is slightly higher than what we had seen earlier in the year. But taken all together, the math does work if you add up the pieces.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Cai Von Rumohr, Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So if I take the numbers you've given us, so you've taken the bookings target down $500 million to 27%, you're still 30% international. By my math, that assumes something like $2.7 billion in the fourth quarter. It doesn't look like you've gotten a whole lot here. Is that in jeopardy that some of that stuff could slip just because it looks like it's a pretty big number?
William H. Swanson: Yes. Cai, that's why I was kind of giving you Q4 and Q1. You, of anyone on the call, knows the dates on how international happens. And I wish I could tell you it's going to happen on December 12. You can't predict those that well, so you try and put them in a range. And so for us, we put them in a range that we think they'll be Q4 but they could be the first part of Q1, and that's not so bad. The other part is when you look at our bookings of $27 billion, to be within $500 million of that at this point in time, with everything going on in the world, I don't think it's that bad. And the point is, you always know my frustration on the fact that they don't happen. But we size our business. We do all our workforce planning across the company so that we can, as I call it, win anywhere, perform anywhere and ship anywhere. And we do that so that we can handle these ebbs and flows and that you don't see wild swings in our workforce. And it's because we do this work and we're pretty good at the planning aspect. But there is a chance that, that could move. But it's not moving 12 months if that...
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. Alternatively, if you look at kind of what your numbers seem to imply for domestic bookings, it looks like it's a number like 4.9 which would be maybe a book to bill of 0.85, 0.87 in the final quarter. Relative to history, that looks a little bit conservative. I don't know in today's environment, maybe it's not. Maybe you could give us some color in terms of is that a...
William H. Swanson: Yes. I think what's going on there, Cai, from our standpoint is that if you go to Washington and you talk to people, November is when the CR is supposed to end. I guess in our planning, we're kind of thinking it's going to continue for the year. That's back to the question if you look at DoD being flat to negative because of inflation, and that's kind of how we're thinking of it and we're planning it. You know us, there's, the way I always call it A, B and C, you look at best case, you look at worst case and you look at most likely, and we plan on most likely. And that's the way we size our business and we run our business, and I think it's reflected in our margins and our results that we're pretty good at pegging it. We're probably a little bit more conservative on the CR than some might be. But that's -- we just went through the longest one in history going to May, and I want us to be pragmatic about it and that's how we've done it.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You've done an extraordinary job of kind of delivering spectacularly good profitability with...
William H. Swanson: Cai, would you repeat that again? I kind of missed it.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Very good profitability despite the sales missing. I mean, it kind of looks here like we might see another slip. Is there a point at which it becomes more difficult to deliver that excellent profitably if you kind of get detrimental sales?
William H. Swanson: I would tell you it gets harder, but it's not foreign to what we do. If you were here and part of the team, everyone, including the functions here at corporate and out in the businesses, everybody knows that our customers are being asked to do more with no more. And we take that challenge very seriously, and there's great alignment on it. It's hard. I wish it wasn't as difficult on everybody, but that's the condition we're in. And from, at least, everyone in Raytheon, I've seen no objections to taking on this task. In fact, everybody takes great delight in finding ways to do it better. And Six Sigma really drives our results around here. It's not a buzzword, it's not a clich, it's how we do things. And that's, I think, on this call, people have asked me about margins now for 8 or 9 years, and we continue to find ways to improve. And we're not going to give up on that, if that helps.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Doug Harned, Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'd like to be able to get a little bit more sense from you on the environment. Because as we look at the impact of the CR, and this continues to go on, do you see us in a situation where the weaker revenues we're seeing at Raytheon and other -- basically at all the defense companies that this becomes a new reality that we're just sort of plugging away at this tough situation in Washington? Or is it something that you would expect pent-up demand to occur as we get a year or so down the road and have to basically address the issues that we've had working through a very tough decision-making environment in DC?
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think from my standpoint, if I look at it -- I'll just give you my perspective, personal perspective, that we're going to be coming out of Iraq. Afghanistan, tough situation. We'll continue to work hard there, but we'll come out of Afghanistan. When you do that, the troops will come back, much needed rest. But we're going to have to resize, regroup and be ready for the next mission. And I think the next mission is that, as a country, we're going to have smaller forces that have to operate globally on a moment's notice. They're going to have to have different tools and technologies to help them bridge that gap. We're going to have to recapitalize what we've worn-out because we've never seen an up-tempo like this for this long. And why I feel so strong about the things we're working on, I mean, I don't get to always talk about our technology programs, but some of our wins I didn't touch base on are we're working on sense and warm -- warn. How do we handle the shoot-and-scoot kind of threat using asymmetric tactics? We've got that going on in one business program that we've won there. We've got new advanced thermal imagers that we're looking at that are uncooled that can do more, lighter weight, less energy consumption. We're looking at predictive, understanding the future technologies. We're looking at advanced nonlethal weapons that are solid-state, quantum computing. I didn't get to talk about classified, but for us, our classified is running about 16% of sales year-to-date. We expect growth year-over-year of about 10%. So as we look at our portfolio, we think the things we're doing are going to be in demand as we resize, regroup and take on the future. I know that's a long answer, but I think your premise is a good one. Right now, we're consumed with getting our budget in order, or our house in order as a country, and once we do that, then people are going to work on, okay, what is this new environment that we're in and how do we make sure that we're one of the most capable nations in the world? I don't think that'll be lost in national security. It's always been a priority for the United States. So I'm hopeful.
Douglas S. Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And against this backdrop, one of the things you've clearly done is pushing cyber as a growth opportunity. You've done a number of acquisitions there. When you look forward now, do you have what you need there? Or are you still seeing this as an area that you would push harder on in terms of the use of cash?
William H. Swanson: I'd probably continue to push harder. I believe that threat isn't constant, that this is a threat that travels at the speed of light. It's one click and the threat morphs and you have to work on it from both ends. And that's why we continue to do that. And if you look at it, you not only have to look at it from what I'd call a DoD or intelligence point of view, but the commercial world is realizing the exposures that they have. So this is the new reality, and it's getting a lot of attention. I'm just glad we've got a 4- or 5-year head start on this one because we saw this one coming, as you know.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of George Shapiro, Access 3:42.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Bill, I might have missed it, but did you give how much international sales grew this quarter versus last year?
William H. Swanson: I don't know that I gave that number. If you look at it -- let me get the number for you here. Our international sales are -- year-to-date are about 25% of our total sales.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: So how much were they up [ph] in the quarter?
David C. Wajsgras: George, why don't I take that question. On a year-to-date -- in the quarter, international sales were down about $40 million on about 1.5 billion, that equates to about 3%. And that was driven by a number of different things we talked about earlier. We do expect it to rebound in the fourth quarter and being in the mid- to high-single digits as we close out the year.
William H. Swanson: And what will happen here is the Saudi program will start to take off because as Dave pointed out, we're in congressional notification. Expect that to happen in the next 30 days and then it'll take off.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Okay. And then the other one, probably more for you, Dave. In the last 2 quarters, you've lowered the high end of the sales guidance by about $1 billion, about 4%. My question is, while others of -- companies have lowered their sales guidance as well, yours seems to be somewhat more than others. And I was just wondering if you thought about why or had any reasons for why that might be happening.
David C. Wajsgras: No. It's a fair question and I can talk about Raytheon in particular. I'll use the words that Bill spoke about earlier. We have been seeing program awards moving to the right. It's not a matter of losing new programs. This has happened both on a -- from a domestic standpoint, as well as to some extent, from an international standpoint, sort of in line with your first comment. We also have focused a lot of our attention on cost reductions. And we've been talking about that for a while now. And that obviously impacts our cost-type contracts. We also began to see, as we moved into the second half of the year, our customers thinking through the timing of how programs will be let sort of in line with the first comment I made. What I'd like to focus your attention on, with all of that said, is the bookings profile. If you look at Q2 and Q3 together, we had a book to bill of about 1.16, and I understand the arithmetic. The sales are a little bit down. But even with that said, it's a very strong book-to-bill ratio. As Bill spoke to just a few minutes ago with someone else, with Cai, we see the book to bill being -- we have a range of about 1.05 to the high end of about 1.1 as we close out the year. So I think your observation may be correct. But with that said, the bookings continue to be strong. And I think the bookings and the backlog are the best indicator of how the company looks over the longer term.
William H. Swanson: George, it's Bill. I would add that the CR has a bigger effect on us for this taking it down that when we looked at sales before, we kind of believed what are hearing that people were going to enact the budgets, put them in place. And I think now, we're probably really pragmatic, maybe a little conservative in the sense that we think the CR will continue and we want to reflect that. And that's the way I'd really answer it. There's -- from our standpoint, I just think it's going to be difficult to get things done, and you're getting our best estimate and that reflects the CR continuing.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Noah Poponak, Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on, I think, 2 questions ago that the new norm versus temporary situation debate. And I guess what I struggle with is, we've had most defense companies now miss the top line in the quarter and reduce the full year outlook and attribute it to timing and delays. And as we all try to figure out the forward, timing and delays has an implication that, that situation is going to reverse itself and get better sooner than later. But if we just look at the defense budget, investment is down 3% in the base in '11, and we're now seeing pretty much every defense company's revenues down about the same amount. And then when we look at where the '12 and '13 numbers are likely to shake out, base investment looks pretty similar. So that would tell you, you should just plug in these kind of low single-digit declines for revenue for the next few years, whereas, delays and timing would tell you to do something a lot different. So how do we get our arms around which it is? And why shouldn't we just look at the defense budget?
William H. Swanson: I think depending on the company, you can look at the budget. I think for us, the top line's not the indicator. For us, it's the granular detail that's within the budget. And if you look at and slice it right, you get both hot spots and cold spots. And when you look at the big programs, they're going to be under a lot of scrutiny and a lot of attention. And so from that standpoint, you really got to look at each company and their portfolio and what's at risk going out in the budget environment. But clearly, to give you my impression, there are delays. And what it is, is that our customers are trying to figure out and do their budget planning. And right now, it's a movable stake in the ground. And it's movable because they're trying to figure out do they plan to a 10% cut, a 5% cut? Do they plan to whatever? And when you're doing all this planning, you're not doing your day job. And it's really hard to get that done. And so from our standpoint, the way I look at it, it's like in a business, you need a budget. You need to be able to plan for something. Once you have that, you set your strategies around it. And what we see right now because of the uncertainty with the super committee and the budget process for the country, it's hard for our customer who gets their funding in that regard. But also when you look at it, about 2/3 of our funding comes from DoD. The balance is international, it's agencies and so forth. So the company itself has changed and morphed over time and will continue to do that. So it's really different, depending on the company. It depends on your fixed-price, cost-plus basis. For us, always think of us as 60% or 55% fixed price versus cost plus. Other companies are the other way around. They might be 60-40. So it really depends on each company as we do that. But my bottom line, it doesn't feel like cancellations. It does still feel like delays. Does that help? I mean, it's really hard to pinpoint. But I would tell you that we don't see programs disappearing. And I think that's the important part that I'd probably have a different concern and I'd talk to you differently if I thought -- saw things just evaporating. We don't see that.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, I mean that makes sense and it's helpful. I mean, I guess it just takes it back to, I think, George's question, which is that, on paper, it makes a lot of sense to think you guys would outgrow your peers given the international footprint, the focus on cyber intel, the upgrade of existing versus make of new, but the actual bookings and growth numbers have been very similar to others for several quarters in a row. But I guess, you're saying some delays in international in particular and the impact from the CR being disproportionate are probably the explanation for that and still feel like the forward for you is above average.
William H. Swanson: Yes. I feel the forward is there. I think the other thing I would say is if you look -- I'm trying to go from memory, that we were 1.2 in the second quarter, 1.12 this quarter. And so if you look at it, I think at the beginning of the year, I had made the comment that I thought our bookings would pick up near the last half of the year. We've seen that with -- we look at Q4, we've got a big quarter in front of us. And when you look at this year with the budget process and everything going on, it feels a little bit like Q4, Q1-ish kind of thing. But it's not Q4, and Q3 of next year, it's within a short window, so that's why we feel positive about what we see, and there's just a multiplicity of programs that we have going. That's one of the strengths. And what was a little bit unusual this quarter is to have 13 pretty good-sized programs over $100 million. But those should've happened earlier in the year. And that's the way to think about it.
Todd B. Ernst: Okay. We're going to have to leave it there. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter conference call in January. Deanna?
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President William Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Todd Ernst - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc. George Shapiro - Citi Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc. David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Deanna, and I'll be the operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd Ernst: Thank you, Deanna. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll be referencing are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive about the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill. Bill?
William Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon delivered a solid quarter with sales, margin and EPS all exceeding our expectations. Our adjusted operating margin was 12.4%, and was driven by our continued focus on performance across the businesses. Year-to-date, adjusted operating margin increased to 12.5%, up 10 basis points compared to 2010. In the quarter, our book-to-bill was a 1.2, driven in part by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's decision to upgrade their Patriot System, which we announced at the Paris Air Show in June. This booking once again demonstrates that when it comes to choosing the most advanced integrated air and missile defense systems, global customers continue to look to Raytheon and to Patriot. As you know, an important part of our strategy is to continue to grow our international market. Our presence at the air show reaffirmed our commitment to this strategy and to our international customers. For us, this was a record year at the air show, where we met with approximately 2,100 customers from 63 nations and 44 delegations. It gave me an opportunity to personally meet with many of the delegations and customers. I was encouraged by the conversations.  Our cutting-edge technologies, our innovative solutions continue to be well aligned with their evolving requirements, particularly in the areas of air and missile defense, global ISR, Air Traffic Management, Homeland Security and training. I went into the show feeling good about our international opportunities and I left feeling more confident. The threat level around the world remains high and despite competing priorities, our customers continue to place a heightened emphasis on investments in defense and security. From company perspective, we have an excellent pipeline, and the key is to convert these bookings within the planned timeframe.  Domestically, our customers work through the quarter to put the extended continuing resolution behind them. The funding recovery was slow to start, but it picked up steam through the quarter. Our efforts to keep programs on cost and on schedule during the CR paid off, and we're able to report domestic revenue ahead of our expectations. Domestic book-to-bill was greater than one in the quarter. We understand that this environment is dynamic. Our customers being asked to do more with no more and is looking for innovative ways to meet what is demanded of them. This is the new reality, and it fits well with our focus on delivering capabilities and solutions that offer more value.  We not only see this in our core markets, but we also see examples of this in our growth markets. For example, as we approach the electronic warfare or EW market, from various perspectives, we can apply our capabilities in manipulating RF signals to attack, deny and defend against an adversary. Our products include the ALR-69A, which will go on the new tanker, the KC-46A; the ALR-67 for the 18 E/F and our Miniature Air Launch Decoys, MALD; plus a host of other classified products. The key here is that our EW capabilities are truly a force multiplier for our customers worldwide, allowing them to leverage existing platforms at reduce costs to continue to execute their missions. This is yet another example of how Raytheon's platform-agnostic approach to the market creates values for our customers. Offering innovative solutions to meet customer needs is only part of the equation. Doing so efficiently with the right balance of resources is another. For many years now, we've also, we've been focused on delivering greater value and predictability to our customers and shareholders by improving cost efficiencies and program performance. We've achieved this by leveraging the power of Raytheon's Six Sigma and optimizing our supply chain. Our supply chain initiative is allowing us to streamline our buying processes, reduce costs and increase efficiencies. This focus is producing real savings today, as evidenced by our track record of solid operating results. Going forward, we've redoubled our efforts to reduce costs and are targeting additional opportunities across all areas of expense. Further, we are focusing on enhancing our capital efficiency by reducing our footprint and optimizing our facility utilization. These are just some of the examples of how we're finding more ways to produce savings for our customers and drive incremental returns for our shareholders. We believe this focus is the right approach in the current economic environment. And for us, our track record of achieving cost efficiencies speaks for itself. As I look at the quarter, I see a company that continues to perform well and delivers considerable value for our customers and our shareholders. We remain well positioned in an evolving marketplace. We continue to make targeted investment in growth areas, and are taking the necessary actions to ensure the company remains healthy and competitive. I'm proud of the dedicated natural Raytheon team for rising to the challenge again and again.  With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks, starting with second quarter highlights, and then we'll move on to the questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the Web slides that we issued earlier this morning. Okay, if everyone would please turn to Page 3. As Bill noted, we performed well in the second quarter with sales, margin and EPS all exceeding our expectations. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $7.4 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.2. The strong bookings were driven in part by the previously announced $1.7 billion Saudi Patriot award. Our adjusted EPS of $1.39 also improved over the same period last year, and adjusted operating margin with 12.4%, reflecting continued strong performance across the business. Sales were $6.2 billion, which I'll address further in just a moment. Operating cash flow from continuing operations with an outflow of $91 million for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, is tracking to our expectations. We are increasing our full year cash flow outlook by $100 million, which I'll address further in a few minutes, along with other updates to our 2011 guidance. During the quarter, the company repurchased 6.4 million shares of common stock to $313 million, bringing the year-to-date share repurchase to 12.5 million shares for $625 million.  Turning now to Page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $7.4 billion, and on a year-to-date basis, were $12.5 billion. In addition to the $1.7 billion Saudi Patriot booking at IDS, other notable bookings included: $315 million at missile systems for the development of Standard Missile-3 for the Missile Defense Agency and $200 million for the production of Standard Missile-6 for the U.S. Navy; and SAS booked $109 million on an international program. Technical Services booked $612 million for domestic training and $119 million for foreign training programs in support of the Warfighter FOCUS program. TS also booked $100 million for base operations, maintenance and support services in Australia. Backlog at the end of the quarter was a strong $34.5 billion.  If you'd now move to Page 5. Sales were slightly above our expectations. By business, IDS had second quarter 2011 net sales of $1.3 billion. The change in IDS sales was primarily due to lower volume on the Zumwalt program, as a result of the revised funding profile, which I spoke about on prior calls. IIS had second quarter 2011 net sales of $752 million compared to $472 million in the second quarter of 2010. As a reminder, last year's net sales included an adjustment related to the U.K. Border Agency program for $316 million. It is worth noting that during the quarter, we filed our counterclaim against the U.K. Border Agency for the collection of receivables and damages in the amount of $800 million. We don't anticipate any change to our reserve position and we don't expect to make any further comment until the final resolution, which isn't expected until mid-2013. Missile Systems had net sales of $1.4 billion. The change was primarily due to lower sales on SM-2, driven by lower plant production build rates. NCS had net sales of $1.1 billion. The change in net sales was primarily due to the planned decline in production of U.S. Army sensor programs. Space and Airborne Systems had net sales of $1.3 billion in the quarter, up 12%, driven by the growth on intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance systems programs, and international airborne tactical radar program and higher net sales related to Raytheon Applied Signal Technology, which was acquired in the first quarter of 2011. And Technical Services had sales up modestly compared with the same period last year.  Moving ahead to Page 6, we are pleased by our overall company margin performance. Our adjusted margin was 12.4%. On a year-to-date basis, our adjusted margin was 12.5%, up 10 basis points over the comparable period in 2010. The strength in our underlying margin was due to our continued focus on execution, as we have discussed on prior calls, and includes the benefits related to our ongoing cost efficiency initiatives.  So looking at business margins, NCS margins were up in the quarter compared with the same period last year, the result of solid operating performance. IDS and Technical Services' margins were essentially in line with prior year's Q2. When you look at IIS, if you normalize for the costs related to the U.K. Border Agency program, in both the second quarter of 2011 and the second quarter of 2010, margins were essentially in line at slightly over 8%. Missiles' underlying margins were strong and absorbed $15 million related to a contractual settlement. At SAS, the change in margins was primarily due to the acquisition and integration-related cost for Applied Signal Technology, which impacted SAS' margins by approximately 70 basis points in the quarter. We're very pleased with the performance of AST, the integration is was going well and they are tracking to our expectations. Overall, the company continues to perform well.  Turning now to Page 7, second quarter 2011 adjusted EPS was $1.39. The increase was driven by capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases, and on a year-to-date basis, adjusted EPS was $2.77, up 7% from the same period last year. Okay. If you please turn to Page 8, I'd like to briefly comment on our updated outlook for the year. We've tightened the range for full year 2011 net sales, reducing the high end by $400 million. We now expect sales to be in a range of between $25.5 billion and $25.9 billion. We expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 28.3%. This reflects our recently approved tax-related benefit of $55 million, including interest or $0.15 per diluted share, related to multiple prior years' tax filings. This will be booked in the third quarter. As a result, we've increased our full year GAAP, EPS outlook announcing the range of $4.82 to $4.97 per share. And as I've discussed a few minutes ago, we've increased our guidance for operating cash flow from continuing operations by $100 million to between $2.1 billion and $2.3 billion. Year-to-date cash flow is tracking to our initial guidance that we provided back in January 2011, where the cadence of cash generation was weighted to the second half of the year, largely due to the timing of some specific working capital items. We have one additional payroll period in the second quarter of 2011 compared to 2010, as well as the burn down of some advances on international programs that's expected to be offset in the second half based on recent order activity. Essentially, our view of the cadence of cash flow from operations hasn't changed. However, our confidence in the magnitude of the improvement working capital has, which is driving the increase in our guidance. And as you can see on Page 9, we've reflected the change in our guidance by business. The increase in margin guidance reflects the expected additional benefits of our productivity and efficiency initiatives. Overall, we're pleased with the results of our operational improvements and the margin we have delivered, while at the same time, passing along savings to our customers.  On Page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations. Before we open it up for Q&A, let me summarize. We saw solid performance in the second quarter and in many areas, exceeded the guidance we provided back in April. We had strong bookings, solid sales in a challenging environment, strong margins and earnings per share. And we've increased our cash flow outlook for the year. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to address the opportunities and also the challenges in our industry with the diverse portfolio of innovative technologies. We remain focused on delivering best value for our customers and our shareholders. This includes making sure the company continues to be proactive and have the right cost structure to operate effectively and efficiently in a dynamic and evolving marketplace. With that, Bill and I will open the call up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of George Shapiro, Access 342.
George Shapiro - Citi: David, look -- from the guidance, I mean, you took down several of the sectors by $100 million at the high-end, and it looks like the most of it came out of the fourth quarter. Can you just give the thought process as to what's going on since it's a change for multiple sectors?
David Wajsgras: Yes, so you'll recall that when we gave initial guidance back in January for the year, we had a range of about $800 million, and it was the widest range, certainly, in recent history. And that's just as a result of what was going on. Midpoint through the year, we have better clarity. I wouldn't say there is anything specific in any of the segments. Again, we have good visibility for the third and fourth quarter. We've been able to tighten up our expectations of the timing of awards and how these will play out from a sales standpoint. So there's nothing remarkable. I just feel that we have a better view of how we're going to close out 2011. I do want to point out one thing. This does not reflect any loss of business. Again, it's just a retiming and a better gauge on how we see things playing out.
George Shapiro - Citi: And then a follow-up. My old pet peeve that you effectively beat your own earnings guidance in the quarter by about $0.10. And it looks like in terms of a new distribution of earnings in Q3 and Q4, you took out somewhere around $0.10 in the Q3 and Q4, probably due to the lower sales potential. I mean, is that a fair way to look at it?
David Wajsgras: Well, let me try to put it a little bit differently, okay? And I had a sense, George, that you might ask me this question. So here's the way I think about it. We improved the first half from an EPS standpoint of say, I don't know, $0.14, $0.15, $0.16. And that was driven by the timing of the cost efficiencies that Bill spoke to earlier and I spoke to a little bit as well. Then we tightened the sales range in the back half of the year for both the third and the fourth quarter, and we offset roughly $50 million of associated earnings, again, principally with the cost efficiencies. So when you stand back from this, we're continuing to drive margins and earnings results from cost efficiencies, as we tighten up the sales guidance from a full year standpoint. It's a first half, second half thing, George.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Sam Pearlstein, Wells Fargo.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Dave, can you, I guess, talk a little bit about some of the margins and then just look again at that first half, second half issue? Like SAS in particular, how do you get the margins up to that 13.3%, 13.5% level given the 12.7% for the first half? Is that a specific program that we'll see an appropriate adjustment in one quarter? Or is that something different? And then, I guess, at the same time, on NCS, you have the reverse issue, where the second half would imply much lower margins, and can you talk about that?
David Wajsgras: Right. So SAS continues to perform well. I would say, on virtually every level of the business. So from a margin perspective, specifically, the timing of productivity improvements in that business are second half weighted. Notwithstanding the broader company, from an SAS business perspective, you'll see greater improvements from a productivity standpoint flowing through their financials in the third and fourth quarter. With respect to NCS, the year-to-date margins are higher than guidance, and that was driven by a couple of things, both the productivity and cost efficiency actions that were taken in NCS, as well as mix. They had a fairly strong level of sales in some production programs, and that also helped out margins in the first half. So again it's, I would say, there's nothing too remarkable in either of the businesses. It's simply timing from first half to second half.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn, Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: Dave, did you provide the full year bookings guidance? I don't know if I heard it.
David Wajsgras: Well, that's a good question, Rob. We actually don't provide formal guidance on bookings. We have a target for bookings that has not changed since our initial guidance of $27.5 billion for the year, plus or minus $500 million. And it's probably important to note that about 30% of that will come from international sales. Let me just ask the next question that you're probably going to -- let me answer the next question that you're probably going to ask me anyway. So from a book-to-bill standpoint, we still expect to close out the year in the 1.06 to 1.08 range, and I suggest that we're biased toward the higher end of that range.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. So it doesn't really change much, even though the high end of the sales guidance changes a little bit there for the book-to-bill calculation? But it's close. And so Bill, I would ask you, what are the major things on the horizon that get you there? What are the swing factors?
William Swanson: A ton of stuff. Let's see if I can go through them. Probably international is the easiest one. We've got to TPY-2 radars in back half in Q4. Those could be in the, let's say, $800 million to $1 billion range. We've got Patriot in there, whether you're looking at Taiwan or Kuwait. Those are both late in Q4. Totaled up together, those could be, say, in the $1 billion to $2 billion range, as we see it. We've got some missile activity, especially in Paveway, we expect in Q3, early Q4, we have a signed contract that could be in the $500 million to $600 million range. We see air traffic control radars in the $100 million to $200 million in the Q3, Q4. We see missiles worth about another $300 million to $400 million in various orders, various countries, right across both quarters. Training is about $300 million the next 2 quarters. And we expect an announcement some time probably in Q4 on Turkey. And then we'll see where we go from there. As you know, that's a competitive -- a venue that's taking place there. And then we've started talk with Oman on air and missile defense, and that could be in the $1 billion to $2 billion range. So internationally, pretty good. If you look domestically, probably $1 billion worth of missile stuff to go. And the rest is our standard contracts under $50 million, which we have hundreds of them that take place. So that's kind of how we look at the next 2 quarters and what we have in front of us, we've seen good growth internationally. Our bookings in the quarter were 36% international, sales were about 26% of that. And we see the year bookings international probably be in around 30% so it's going to be a little higher, and sales should be about 25%. So there's a lot going on, and as we've said, at the beginning of the year, it hasn't changed. We expect the second half to be busy for us. And, of course, the economic environment puts a cloud over everything. But that isn't stopping us from what we have in front of us, and the air show convinced me that these customers still want what we have.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: And just as a follow-up to that, Bill. The CR that we had and the potential for another one here, how does that enter into the thinking on everything you just said, at least domestically?
William Swanson: That's how we would look at it and our job is to get these things done so we can ramp up quicker. I mean, if you look at it both Dave and I mentioned the Saudi award. We are getting ready to start congressional notification. But from our standpoint, as a company, we've released some funds to get all the planning and orders stacked up and get us ready so that the day we get the greenlight, we've got a lot of preplanning and stuff already in the hopper ready to go rather than start from scratch when that happens. So we're trying to preposition stuff so we've got a good jump on it.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Heidi Wood, Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Bill, on another topic, I wondered if you would give us a sense about how you're thinking about incumbency. Under Gates, he was pretty a strong proponent of incumbency. And I wonder if you could give us some color on how you think Panetta mayor may not vary. And of course, for you, it cuts both ways. You have both incumbency and you're pushing in some critical areas to oust some incumbents, such as the Aegis system recompete. So can you talk to us a little bit about the strategy for that in a defense budget down cycle?
William Swanson: Yes, incumbency, I mean, I guess, the way we look at it here is competition is a way of life. And what you try and do is get your business sized properly. That's why when you look at us, we proactively manage our headcounts. We manage our facilities and our utilization, so that we can compete on any given day. And once you get behind that eight ball that we all learned from the '90s, it's hard to get around it. And we've learned to stay in front of it. And that's the way we look at competition. And as you say, it goes both ways. But for me, this company competes all the time. I mean, I know you like technology. And if you just look at some of our wins, these are small jobs in the $2 million to $20 million range. But we're winning advanced wireless networks, where we give the individual soldier network radio nodes on the battlefield. So think of it as a soldier's information system. We have advanced cryptographic modernization, where we're providing secure radios; we've 2 contracts there we just got that are worth about $50 million in total; and advanced detectors, advanced human factors, advanced missile programs, advanced sensors for IEDs. I could go on and on. But every day, we compete here. And you're right, it goes both ways. And if you're competitive and you have good processes that can spin quickly on a dime, I think you're ready for competition, and I don't see it changing. Internationally, we compete every day. So when you look at our international growing at high single digits, it's part of our DNA. I guess, that's the way to describe it, Heidi. I don't lose any sleep on it.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great.
William Swanson: Did that get what you're looking for?
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Well, I just can't readily recollect in the last 3 or 4 years, any major upsets on -- and it seems that we've seen a repeated pattern of incumbency, again, which is good for you in the areas where you're strong. But I'm just wondering in terms of the attempt to penetrate to the...
William Swanson: Well, Heidi, since you gave me that opening, and how about Small Diameter Bomb, where we expected to lose. I could go through. I just don't want to impugn or any of our competitors when I -- we don't gloat. We just get up everyday and make the donuts here and do our job.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of David Strauss, UBS.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Dave, what was the sales growth number when you adjust for e-Borders and you adjust for AST? What do you see as kind of organic growth in the quarter? Did sales actually decline?
David Wajsgras: It was around -- if you adjust for e-Borders, it was around flat year-over-year organically.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then any sense of what AST contributed in the quarter?
David Wajsgras: AST in the quarter was -- had about $56 million in sales and roughly $90 million year-to-date, most of it obviously being classified.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then following up on that, it looks like the sales guidance implies a bit of a pick up relative to that in the second half. In particular, it looks likes at missiles and NCS. Can you just comment on what gives you guys the confidence that you're going to actually see your sales pickup in the back half of the year relative to what you saw in the first half?
David Wajsgras: Sure, yes. Well, Bill just mentioned the Small Diameter Bomb II, and that will be ramping up, by way of example. And there's other programs in the missiles group not quite that size, but they're also ramping up from a production standpoint. With respect to NCS, that ramp is based on both some wins. Again, it's a very robust portfolio of a lot of smaller-type programs. Wins that took place in the second quarter, and that we're expecting in the third quarter, when we're expecting to ramp up there as well. We're comfortable with the second half sales guidance.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Last one for me. At NCS, the 15% margin in the quarter, were there any EAC adjustments, any one-timers in that number there?
David Wajsgras: No, and maybe I didn't go -- I wasn't quite as clear as I should've been with one of your colleagues. There was some favorable impact from mix, I talked about our production program. And that was both internationally and domestically. And they just did an excellent job with respect to bringing forward some cost productivity and cost efficiency initiatives. So there wasn't anything remarkable there. The only area that I would say that something was sort of a non-recurring, for lack of a better term, was the contractually -- a contractual-related settlement in missile systems. But other than that, there was nothing else in the company.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard, Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Bill, I've got a sort of a big picture question for you. I was wondering if your general view of the outlook has deteriorated over the last couple of months, given the situation on the U.S. domestic front. And whether that's having an impact on your decision-making with regard to the deployment of capital?
William Swanson: Well, put in perspective, I think if you look at what's going on as a country, we need to make sure that nation doesn't default on its obligations. We need a balanced plan that reduces the deficits and burns down our national debt. And we need a foundation for true economic growth, in my opinion. It's difficult to do all of this, as we can read in the papers. And the administration and the Congress need to get it done. I personally, I won't speak for the company here. But me, personally, I'm cautiously optimistic that we'll reach a conclusion here in time. And the Senate and the House, in my opinion, have to reach a compromise. And that's the thing we have to get done. Given that as a backdrop, from our point of view, you've seen our forecast. As we go forward, I'll have Dave, comment here on the capital. But from our standpoint, we look at our balance sheet, it's a strong balance sheet. We don't have to do anything different in that regard. We have the strength to invest in ourselves, which we're going to continue to do, because as a company, you go through these cycles, and those that are strong, well run, have invested in themselves in a good portfolio, come out of that period firing on all cylinders. And that's what we expect to do. So that's kind of how I look at it, though, ask David if he's got anything.
David Wajsgras: Yes, just to echo a little bit of what Bill just mentioned. A few years back, one of the strategic thrusts that Bill put forward was to have an exceptionally solid financial foundation. The balance sheet is very, very healthy. The pension plan is tracking toward being fully funded from a PPA basis of, say, 2013, we should have closed out this year just under 90%. We have been, I think, fairly forward-leaning from a share repurchase program. We've increased dividends for 6 or 7 years in a row now. We have continued to invest in ourselves from a technology standpoint as well as in many other areas, and I don't see that changing going forward. Someone asked earlier about M&A. Bill set out a strategy on M&A, and we've been executing along those lines for the last few years, and we don't see any wholesale changes in that area either. We'll continue to look at acquisitions to fill important technology gaps for the company and add real incremental value to shareholders, looking forward. So again, notwithstanding the environment that we all find ourselves in, I think you can expect Raytheon to continue to deliver for its customers and its shareholders.
William Swanson: And I would add one last thing. The most important thing in times like this is to be transparent. And that's what we try to do more than anything. So what you see is what you get.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Jason Gursky, Bernstein & Co.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: I'm actually with Citigroup. Two quick questions. I found it curious, Bill, that you mentioned that we started out of the gate pretty slow, with the CR, but things, from an order perspective, have started to accelerate. I was wondering if you just give us a sense of whether that continues today and whether you think the acceleration of orders has progressively gotten better as time has gone by and whether you expect that to continue as we move into the back half of the year? And then one question for Dave. I see that both in the quarter and in the first half of the year, R&D is down a little bit. I was wondering if you could just give us a sense of what the trajectory of that is going to be for the rest of the year?
William Swanson: Okay, thanks. From our standpoint, we see the pace continuing here. The one concern that I might have is that through all these budget drills, that we don't lose our focus on keeping things going. Fortunately, the 2 are somewhat separated now. So I see the domestic continuing to flow in that regard. And the quicker we can get through the current talks here and figure out what we're going to do, both short term, whether it's the House Bill or the Senate Bill between Reid and Boehner here, that the better it will be, as I said, I'm cautiously optimistic that they're going to reach a conclusion here, which will allow people to continue doing what they're doing so we can stay on track. But it's kind of how I look at them. I'm not expecting a change and I'd expect the cadence to keep on going here.
David Wajsgras: And so, yes, with respect to R&D, it's timing. We actually expect to increase our R&D year-over-year by about 5%. And as a percent of sales, it'll go up to roughly 2.6%, 2.7% range. So it's just timing between second quarter and third quarter. I also think it's important to keep in mind that, that does not include well over $1 billion a year for contracts under the umbrella of CRAD, which is also R&D. So the company's continuing to focus in that area.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Peter Arment, Gleacher & Company.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Bill, I guess, just more of kind of a bigger picture or a philosophical question. When you look at the kind of domestic portfolio, you look at the entire mix of programs that you have. And I think you mentioned in the past something like 8,000 programs or 15,000 contracts. How should we think about your ability to just kind of stay above the trajectory of the DoD budget? I think everyone's expecting kind of a nose down direction, going forward. Is it just the mix that gives you confidence? And maybe you could just give us a little color on that?
William Swanson: Yes, mix helps us also, probably about 60%, 2/3 of our business is DOD. Good balances, international mix on top of that, and then it's a mix of others. For us, I already gave some of the -- where we expect bookings to be this year internationally in the 30% range and sales of 25%. If I look at classified, we expect about 10% of our bookings to be there, sales should be in the 15%, 16% range. We expect double-digit growth in the classified. That's a good market for us. We do extremely well there with our technologies. In the cyber area, we are seeing double-digit growth. We are seeing RFP starting to flow in a more discipline market there. If you think about us, the way I like to describe it is that we have 24 contracts that make up about 25% of our sales. The next 120 contracts make up the next 25%. And then thousands of contracts make up the next 50%. And it's the next thousands of contracts that we see on a daily basis across the gamut, across different customer bases, and that's what we really believe is where the future is because people still need to get things done. And the pressure is, is they're not going to buy new, but they need capabilities and they need solutions to their problems. And at the air show, it was really nice to sit down with our customers and listen to the challenges they're facing and the things we have in our portfolio that are already developed that don't need any new activity that can help them solve their problems, whether it's in Asia or whether it's in the Middle East. So it really is the mix and just the -- if you're a techy like me, you look at our portfolio, it is a candy store. There's a lot in there.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Yes. And regarding, I guess, the latest on the cyber front this year, talking about sort of on the bleeding edge here. We've heard a little bit about -- recently, a lot of the contracts opportunities are being bundled into fed IT kind of contracts. And you were -- deliberately did not want to build up a big "Fed IT kind of helpdesk" business. I mean, do you still see that Raytheon is well positioned to get a lot of these cyber contract opportunities? How should we think about that?
William Swanson: Yes, I don't think the bottom is Fed IT. This cyber threat is very sophisticated. It's not your standard ones and zeros business. And what we see are specific efforts in this, and this requires a good architecture thinking. From us, we have to protect ourselves, and everybody can see what's going on in the world there. They've actually brought a lot of attention to this problem. So we look at it in a way that it's causing people to focus on it. We continue to make sure that our products are protected. And then the last aspect here is given what we do in the other 2, it gives us a real natural of understanding, the domain knowledge that's needed to provide the systems or services in this market. So we look at the specific RFPs, that there's only going to be a small cadre of people that can do what's being asked to be done, if that helps.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Cai Von Rumohr, Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Bill, you gave a nice review of your foreign order potentials. I didn't hear in there the potential for missiles and other deals associated with the Saudi F-15 buy or their potential helicopter buy. How big is that number? And was it embedded in the numbers you gave us?
William Swanson: No, it wasn't, Cai. I didn't go through the domestic because there wasn't anything in there that I thought would get somebody's attention. But if you look at it in missiles, we probably got $1 billion to $1.5 billion to go in bookings there, and those are our standard missile, AMRAAM, Paveway, 9Xs, I could go on, but those are laid out, programmed, budgeted, so we expect that. Then you across the gamut of the business, you're right, we've got some F-18s in there, maybe $150 million in that. We've got some training that in Warfighter that could be another $150 million or so. But there's nothing -- it's the standard bread and butter of what we do every quarter, that's why I didn't go through it. But we got it all laid out and it appears to all be on track.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: But so what you're saying, vis--vis the items that would be in the Saudi F-15 buy and the Saudi helicopter buy?
William Swanson: We don't have the Saudi helicopter buy in there.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. So if we take the totality of the Saudi F-15 buy and the Saudi helicopter buy, how big would each of those be to you without kind of going through whether it's missiles or electronics or what it is?
William Swanson: We haven't broken it out that way, and we probably wouldn't talk about it way, Cai, until it's all finished and finalized, given that customer and given we have 2 customers, the platform and the end-item customer. And you know me, I don't like talking about what our international customers are going to go do until it's done.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Well, is it in your plan? Let me rephrase the question, is it your target?
William Swanson: Yes, I mean, we forecast and factor everything, yes. It's not like we've forgotten it.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Great. And a question for Dave. Your $15 million contract adjustment, the missiles, what was that about? And can you itemize, were there any other I guess you have to sort them but to be more specific, anywhere else in your business that you had any other pluses or minuses that we would consider sort of special?
David Wajsgras: No, there wasn't any other items across the company that you might consider, "special." And with respect to the settlement, we're not going to get into that publicly at this point. But again, we see it as an event that took place in the second quarter and not to be repeated in the back half of the year.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: And the last one, we've seen a number of other companies, where we didn't think there was much up-tempo business being impacted, Northrop to be specific. Do you have any -- how big is your up-tempo related business? And what are you seeing? Do you see any incremental risk there?
David Wajsgras: No, I would actually strongly suggest that there's not a lot of incremental risk there. We've been fairly thoughtful at what we're seeing at the back half of the year and going forward. And that book of business is come down to almost a rounding error from a Raytheon perspective.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Doug Harned, Sanford Bernstein and Company.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I'd like to talk a little bit about international and the competitive situation. When you look at Turkey, where you've got Russian, Chinese, European systems, and a lot of companies being fairly aggressive in other countries trying to pick up their own business space. How is this playing out for you? Are you seeing more situations where you've got basically tougher terms in terms of putting content in countries, in pricing? Can you talk a little bit about that?
William Swanson: Yes, I think, Turkey, I could wax eloquently there. I mean, if you want to buy a view graph, you can probably buy a view graph. If you want to buy a system that takes 5x the manning or 10x the spares or costs you double in 5 years, then you go by that kind of system. The good news is we're competing with something that's proven. What we always realize is that countries make political decisions, and you don't change your business model because of that. You continue to offer the price that's right or the value that's right, and countries have to decide. Saudi Arabia is a good example of upgrading what they have with a proven system. So we kind of look at it that way. Internationally, the marketplace is the same. We compete and have competed, my whole career, internationally, and it feels about the same. I mean, nothing's really dramatically changed. What we do is we understand the job, we price in the appropriate risk, and we want to make sure that we give our shareholders the returns they expect out of us. And that's why I said earlier, we spent a lot of time proactively managing our expenses and our costs so that we can compete internationally and domestically. The way I'd like to think about it is if you think about 8 years ago, we had about $18 billion in sales with 78,000 employees. Today, we have $25 billion with 72,000 employees. So we continue to get more efficient, we continue to deliver strong margins and so forth. So that's kind of how you have to look at it. One of the things you don't see it in our reviews here, but when we bid a program, we're always very, very conscious of what are the corners here, what cash flow is needed, what margins are needed, what risk we should be taking on, and can we deliver? And that hasn't changed from that standpoint. So I don't know if I'm really answering your question, but the temperature of the water feels about the same to me.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So no greater pressure with respect to margins off bids...
William Swanson: No, we are not sitting here in a bid and we've got to take 10% of way that the company in a position that people would look and say, "What the heck are you guys doing?" I've made the comment. We are we want to be as transparent as we possibly can for our investors. And you expect us to continue to deliver the same kind of returns that we've delivered.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And then if I can, on the domestic side, Dave, you're seeing domestic book-to-bill above one. But if you look down within that and you look at the areas that are stronger versus ones that maybe weaker, how would you see it? I mean, I look at your missiles backlog, it's coming down a little bit, we've seen some pressure on missile systems in the Hack D[ph]. How are you seeing different pieces of that domestic market?
David Wajsgras: Well, it's not unique to any one product area or any one business. And I mean, we've talked about this 10 different ways. I mean, we have thousands of different programs. And I would say, there is areas of strength and there's areas of focus for the company. We've talked a lot about ISR. I would say that's probably a standout across the company. You saw what SAS delivered in the second quarter from a sales standpoint. Bookings were also very, very strong. And they're not the only business that participate in ISR. I mean, that's across 4 of our business areas. So from that standpoint, from a missile defense standpoint, from an EW standpoint, it's the things that you and others would be familiar with.
William Swanson: And just to chime in here, the back half is a big one for missiles. As I mentioned, we expect $300 million to $500 million of international in missiles. We've already got a signed contract for about $500 million on Paveway that we need to get notified, so we can start off. And then domestically, I mentioned, we've got about $1 billion to $1.5 billion of bookings coming in, in Q3 and Q4. So that's going to build up their backlog as we go into it.
Operator: And yes, the next question will come from the line of Howard Rubel, Jefferies.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Dave, if I do the math, I think your organic growth is down maybe 1% or 2% and the sort of the softball part of the question, though, is Bill, if you look at Patriot System today, it's substantially different from when it was when you were going around the world first selling it. So there's 2 parts to this. One is that, what cues are you getting from the market? I mean, if you're down 1% to 2% and the reality is that the world's changed, how are you thinking about positioning the company for virtually no growth or minimal growth? And then are there enough opportunities, like the upgrade of this or the NextGen AMRAAM, that sort of make a difference to beat this market of very little growth?
William Swanson: Yes, I think the way, Howard, is your strategy is not done on a day-by-day basis, as you know, as well as I do. So for us, our strategy has been to make sure that we position ourselves in the right markets. We think we've done that in cyber, we think we've done that in Homeland Security. I think you picked up rightly so recently, EW should be the next growth market. You heard me touch base on that. The way we think of our company and to be able to do things in this environment is that you have to not only move forward, but you have to move backward. And by backward, I mean is how do you keep running the things that are getting old. And some places internationally and domestically won't be able to afford to redo and start new, but they want to capability to make it almost like new, if that makes sense. And so from our standpoint, we look to being able to take systems and make them like they are a new development. And we have a portfolio of everything, from radars to missiles to EO systems to communication that we can go new and we can go backwards to make like new. And that's how we expect to power through this thing and be ready for the next up-cycle as we go. And our technologists are continuing to work on ways to do that. Take radars, for example. Gallium nitride we'll be able to upgrade every phase we've ever built with new technology as we go forward. And I could go through the EO world, the RF world even the C4I world for that matter. And I'm really encouraged by some of the new technologies that I see our teams working on. They are eye watering and orders of magnitude different than what I grew up with. And you're right about Patriot. There is a system that's over 2/3 brand new. And when you see what we're delivering and the capabilities and the upgrades, it's going to be going for a long time, way past me.
David Wajsgras: So, Howard. Howard this is Dave. Let me just clarify something you have mentioned. When you spoke to the growth rate earlier. What I was suggesting was on a full year basis, we would be around breakeven from a domestic growth standpoint. So we did have a strong book-to-bill in the quarter. But your math is right, we're down around 1%-ish in the quarter on organic growth, domestically. But with the question I was answering, which may not have been exactly the way it was phrased, was on a full year basis.
Todd Ernst: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter conference call in October. Deanna?
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We'd like to thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President William Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Todd Ernst - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc. George Shapiro - Citi Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Joseph Campbell - Barclays Capital Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alicia, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Todd Ernst: Thank you, Alicia. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slide that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investors section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then we move on to questions. Before I turn the call over at Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives, and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon delivered solid operating results in the quarter. Bookings, sales, margin and cash flow generation all exceeded our expectations. This is especially notable given the headwind from one of the longest periods under continuing resolution on record which started last October and ended this month.  During the quarter, our team worked closely with the customer in order to minimize any impact from funding delays. This effort was mandatory to keep our programs on schedule and cost. Further, our focus on cost efficiencies and execution resulted in solid operational performance in the quarter. Thus we were able to reaffirm our sales, adjusted EPS and cash flow guidance for the year.  We continue to focus on International where we see strong demand for our products. For example, our international bookings were 28% for the quarter. Threat levels remain high and our customers continue to turn to Raytheon for cutting edge technologies and innovative solutions to address the rapidly evolving requirements.  In the quarter, International accounted for 25% of total sales and grew by 7%. Our international pipeline remains robust for the remainder of the year. The pipeline includes UAE, TPY-2 ground radar, Taiwan Patriot and additional international missile sales including Patriot upgrades to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Our classified business continues to be strong as well, with sales increasing by 26% in the quarter, the vast majority of which was organic.  Let me take a minute to talk about some key highlights from the quarter. IDS was awarded $107 million U.S. Air Force design contract for the Space Fence System. Space Fence is the future of space situational awareness and will provide our customer with enhanced capability to track and detect space objects. This program extends our core radar capabilities into an exciting new application. Whether it's ground-based radars like Space Fence or C-Base , like our recent down select on air and missile defense radar, AMDR, or airborne like our upgraded F-15, F-18 and RACR ACE radars, Raytheon's radar franchise continues to generate opportunities for growth and value creation.  Earlier this month, the Raytheon SM-3 program had its 19th successful intercept. This operational test demonstrated the key role Raytheon plays in missile defense. During this test, the Raytheon built TPY-2 ground-based radar autonomously detected and tracked the target. This track information was data-linked to a U.S. Navy destroyer that launched the Raytheon SM-3 Block 1A missile which successfully intercepted an intermediate range ballistic missile target.  This concept of forward-base sensor-queuing the shooter is called launch on remote. This is important because the concept is a central capability of Phased Adaptive Approach, PAA, for Europe. And it demonstrates how the integration of remotely deployed sensors and shooters greatly expands the battle space and defended area against a broader range of ballistic missile threats. As part of the secondary objectives of this test, a Raytheon built sensor on the space tracking surveillance system and the C-based expand radar participated in the test and successfully tracked the target.  Near the end of the first quarter, the Missile Defense Agency awarded Raytheon Missile Systems a $312 million contract for the advanced capabilities for the next iteration of the SM-3 missile, the Block 1B. The continued evolution of Raytheon sensors and interceptors brings innovative missile defense solutions to the U.S. forces and our allies.  When you look at Raytheon's capabilities in radars, interceptors and command-and-control, it becomes evident that we're involved in all aspects of missile defense. Our capabilities are truly a national asset and we're proud of the key role we play in defending the U.S. and its allies. Shifting gears, I want to point out that we remain committed to pursuing a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. During the quarter, we raised the dividend for the seventh consecutive year, this year by 15%. We also repurchased 6.1 million shares of stock and completed the acquisition of Applied Signal Technologies. AST brings a rich set of capabilities to the Raytheon family, particularly in the EW and cyber markets where we expect future growth. Integration remains on track, and we welcome the new team members from the AST. We also strive everyday to maximize the value we bring to our customers. This includes being as efficient as possible. Once again, you can see the results in our margin performance and as I've said before, our focus in this area is part of our DNA. To that end, we are pursuing a broad range of initiatives across the enterprise to maximize efficiency, including optimizing supply-chain operations and further leveraging our shared services model. This follows on our drive over the past few years to improve our focus on operational working capital, which has yield significant cash flow improvements. As you can see from the quarter earlier results, Raytheon continues to deliver solid operating performance. The depth and breadth of our portfolio, the agility and dedication of our team and our focus on operational excellence continued to provide the foundation for our continued performance. These advantages also position us well to convert future challenges to opportunities. We have a proven strategy, best-in-class capabilities and outstanding team to meet our customers' needs. And now I'll turn it over to Dave.
David Wajsgras: Okay, thanks, Bill. So I have a few opening remarks starting with the first quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the Web Slide that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would please move to Page 3. As Bill noted be performed well in the first quarter; bookings, sales margin and cash flow generation all exceeded our expectations. We achieved solid performance in light of the challenging environment posed by the continuing resolution. Additionally, as Bill noted, both international bookings and sales were strong.  Our adjusted EPS of $1.38 was up 10%, driven by capital deployment actions and operational improvements. Adjusted operating margin was 12.5%, up 10 basis points. Sales were $6.1 billion which I'll discuss further in just a moment. Operating cash flow from continuing operations of $69 million was better than our previous guidance due to the timing of collections, particularly at our Technical Services Business. You may recall that we implemented that our Apex SAP financial system upgrade at TS in the first quarter. The process was virtually seamless and we were able to realize better than anticipated billings and related collections.  During the quarter, the company repurchased 6.1 million shares of common stock for $312 million. In addition, our Board of Directors increased the company's annual dividend rate by 15% to $1.72 per share. We've now increased the dividend for seven consecutive years.  Also as we previously announced, in the first quarter 2011 the company completed the acquisition of Applied Signal Technology, which is being integrated into our Space and Airborne Systems business. For the year, we expect solid sales growth and strong operational performance. I'll discuss guidance in a few minutes. Turning now to Page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our first quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $5.1 billion. We continue to see the order book improving in late Q2 and early Q3. From a cadence standpoint, we expect the book-to-bill to expand as we move through the year, resulting in a full year book-to-bill ratio of 1.06 to 1.08x. Notable bookings in the first quarter included $131 million at IBS to provide engineering services support for Patriot Air Missile Defense Program for U.S. and international customers, and $107 million for the development on the competitively awarded Space Fence program for the U.S. Air Force.  IIS booked $347 million for the development of the Joint Polar Satellite System for NASA. Missile System's booked $375 million for the development and production of SM-3 for the Missile Defense Agency and $177 million for the production of Excalibur for the U.S. Army and an international customer.  During the quarter, SAS booked $782 million on an international program. Technical Services booked $87 million for domestic training and $63 million for foreign training programs in support of the Warfighter FOCUS program. TS also booked $150 million to provide operational and logistic support to the Polar Mission for the National Science Foundation. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $33.7 billion compared to the $34.6 billion at the end of 2010.  If you now move to Page 5. Sales were ahead of our expectations. Looking at sales by business, IDS had first quarter 2011 net sales of $1.2 billion. As we expected, the change in IDS sales was primarily due to lower sales on the Zumwalt program as a result of the revised funding profile which I spoke about on the last call. This impact is expected to be approximately $300 million to $400 million for the full year.  IIS had first quarter 2011 net sales of $750 million. The increase in net sales was essentially driven by the GPS-OCX program. Missile Systems and Technical Services both had sales in line with the same period last year.  NCS had net sales of $1.1 billion, the change in net sales was primarily due to the planned decline in production of the U.S. Army Sensor Program. Space and Airborne Systems had net sales of $1.3 billion in the quarter, up 16% driven by growth in classified business and an international airborne tactical radar program.  Moving ahead to Page 6, we are pleased by our overall company margin performance, once again, showing year-over-year improvement from an operational perspective. Our adjusted margins of 10 basis points to 12.5%, and if you exclude the AST integration and acquisition-related costs, adjusted company margins would've been 12.7%. So looking at business margins, IBS, Missile Systems, NCS and TS margins were up in the quarter compared with the same period last year, the result of solid operating performance. Technical Services was extremely strong, driven not only by a continued focus on efficiency improvements, but also by a favorable contract modification, a contract extension and a legal settlement which are not expected to recur. And at IIS, year-over-year margins were up 30 basis points over last year's first quarter, excluding the UKBA Letters of Credit adjustment. I'll talk more about this in just a moment.  At SAS, the change in margins was primarily due to $13 million of acquisition integration related cost for Applied Signal Technology. This impacted SAS' margins by approximately 100 basis points. Overall, the company continues to perform well.  Let me now take a minute to address the unilateral decision to draw down on the letters of credit by the U.K. Border Agency in connection with the filing of their claim as part of the arbitration process. I want to be clear that from our perspective, our assessment of this situation hasn't changed. While we do not believe the LOC draw was appropriate, the arbitration panel's decision effectively deferred a final determination until the end of the arbitration and found that the validity of the draw is now inextricably tied up with all of the issues in the arbitration.  Consequently, the accounting rules require that we write-off the full $80 million. The fact is the e-Border system is operating successfully and delivering actionable intelligence. The system now screens more than 120 million passenger journeys per year, representing more than half of the traffic entering and leaving the country. As of April 15, the U.K. Border Agency is now operating the system. With that said, this action shouldn't take away from the underlying strength of our overall performance in the quarter. Turning now to Page 7, first quarter 2011 adjusted EPS of $1.38 was up 10%. The increase was driven by capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases and operational improvements.  On Page 8, you'll see that we are reaffirming the financial outlook for 2011 that we provided in January for net sales, adjusted EPS and cash flow from continuing operations. We have updated the guidance for the full year 2011 EPS from continuing operations to reflect the accounting impact of the UKBA LOC adjustment. We expect growth in sales in the range of $25.5 billion to $26.3 billion and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5.50 to $5.65. Moving to Page 9, our outlook by business is unchanged from our previous guidance for the year, except for the margins at IIS for the reasons I just discussed. The key take away here is that our strong and diverse portfolio is driving sales growth and solid margin performance. On Page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see the quarterly cadence for sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations. We saw good performance in the first quarter compared to both Q1 2010 and also the initial outlook for Q1 2011 that we provided back in January. Some of this improvement was driven by timing.  Okay. Now let me summarize the first quarter from an operational perspective. We had solid sales in a challenging environment, strong margins, EPS and cash flow. Our shareholder focus was again highlighted by increasing the dividend by 15% and repurchasing $312 million of common stock. Our balance sheet remains strong. We are confident as we look ahead.  We fully expect our solid results, both from a program performance and a financial perspective, to continue. We are well aligned with the priorities of the DoD (Department of Defense). This was again proven out by the signing of the FY '11 and the submission of the FY '12 defense budgets. We fully expect this to be the case longer-term.  We continue to expand our international presence and we have a broad range of near and long-term opportunities in the pipeline. The fact is that we continue to improve margins over time which in large part reflects our unrelenting focus on performance and cost efficiencies. We have an exceptionally strong balance sheet that gives us the flexibility to invest in value-creating opportunities in addition to capital deployment priorities that together directly enhance and improve shareholder value. With that, Bill and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn from Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: Dave, you just talked about the flow of earnings in the quarter. And clearly looks like you pulled some business forward. Could you get into a little bit more detail? You talked about timing. Think if we go back, look at your old guidance and the old percentages is that you gave, on an operating or continuing ops basis, you would've earned a $1.03. You earned $1.22 when you I back out the $0.16. And if you could talk a little bit about that and perhaps why when you -- I think the fewest working days in the fourth quarter, you get the highest earnings there.
David Wajsgras: Sure. Okay, so we did see good performance in the first quarter, both compared to last year's first quarter and compared to our initial outlook. It's important to note that some of this was due to the timing of improvement that we had expected in the second quarter. That accounts for about $0.05 or $0.06. It was driven, I would say, principally by SAS volume and otherwise spread across the other businesses. It's still early in the year and the outlook for growth in 2011 that we provided again reflects our best estimate of the range of results we expect to deliver. Now we did speak about this back in January. The timing of new awards this year drives the ramp up in the back half of the year. Again, this is consistent with where we were a few months ago and I agree that we've started off very strong. But given the cadence that we expect to see throughout the year, we're quite comfortable with the second through fourth quarters. As far as comps are concerned, I think you always have to look at the starting point relative to what happened in last year second half, particularly the third and fourth quarters. So from a comparison standpoint it's not quite as pronounced as the numbers might otherwise suggest.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, and then just from a detailed perspective, you got this volume increase at SAS. You've got Applied Signal there. You talked about classified growth, yet the margins came down almost 200 bps, 100 of that is explained by the integration. What else is going on there?
David Wajsgras: Okay. SAS continues to perform well as it has over the last number of years. You talked about the hundred basis points essentially that impacted the business of through the AST integration. Other than that, there is a timing and mix of programs. We still expect healthy margins for the balance of the year. There's nothing remarkable going on in the first quarter. It's simply just a timing and mix issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Troy Lahr from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about the continuing resolution, and maybe how much that impacted the first quarter from a sales and your booking standpoint?
William Swanson: It's Bill. Let me try and do that. At first, I would say it's not an exact science because we have so many programs, but as near as we can look at it, we figured that the CR had an effect of about $500 million in bookings and probably $200 million in sales.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then lastly, from an international booking standpoint, are you seeing anything get shifted out to the right or put on long-term hold, I would say?
William Swanson: No. From our standpoint, the pipeline is rich. I can run through them real quick if you want.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sure, thanks.
William Swanson: From my standpoint, clearly if we go around the globe here and we take a look at the Mid-East increased activity for us. On Saudi Config-3, we're working to upgrade the existing fire units over there. They've got 20. We're currently in final negotiations over there. We should be able to wrap it up shortly and then go for congressional notifications. So from my standpoint, probably in the next few months we see that coming home. We've got TPY-2 radars in UAE from our standpoint there. A couple of radars, we expect that probably in the fall of this year, maybe in the $500 million, $600 million range. Further on Patriot, we've got Taiwan and Kuwait. Both of those are expected in the latter part of the years. They've talked about as we ramp up at the end. We've got Paveways that there's demand maybe $500 million, $600 million that we see in various countries around the world as they use that particular system. Our Air Traffic Control business around the world clearly is getting some attention. People want to make sure that we've got the capability to track all the targets there and we see about $200 million worth of business in that area. Missiles are strong. We expect $400 million to $500 million in sales around the world. Training that continues to be strong international, maybe $200 million to $300 million there. And finally sometime this year as we get through elections and everything in Turkey, we expect an announcement in that area in Turkey Patriots roughly about $2 billion. To take a little time to walk you through some of the opportunities we see internationally. That also discounts the tens of millions of contracts the various small wins that we got in 80 countries around the world. So we have not seen a cancellation. And for us, the back end was really loaded because that's when we expected these international orders to come in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel from Jefferies.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Two questions, Bill. I'm going to break the ice on one of them because it's the elephant in the room. Is the guy that signed the U.K. Border contract now in South Pole running the business down there? Could you elaborate a little bit more on what other risks you have left? I know this is a big irritant to you, but it's kind of an unfortunate charge.
William Swanson: Because this is really an accounting event and our assessment of the case hasn't changed. I'll really ask Dave to address that portion and Dave's with me here in Waltham. So that will at least explain that Dave's, okay?
David Wajsgras: Howard, I think the first part of your question is appropriate, but we can't comment on the movement of personnel around the world. I'm sure you can appreciate that. So as we sit here today, we don't see a basis for any additional positive or negative adjustments until the tribunal's decision which is expected in 2013. I hope that answers your question.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then a follow up is you had -- you talked about some very good classified business growth and some pretty impressive international growth despite not bringing home any of these big contracts that are in the works. Could you address a little bit the domestic business which obviously was the core domestic business which is down? Is that some of that timing or is it some of that run off of contracts? It's just the nature of the beast?
William Swanson: Howard, it's Bill. I think a lot of it is timing. There was a lot of consternation, I would say, in the building. It was hard for our customers to figure out when the CR was going to end. They were trying to fund at the 80% level. There couldn't be any new starts really during the period. So domestically, as an engineer, put in our see time constant, just delayed things and so from our standpoint, we haven't been troubled by the loss of anything. In fact, the opposite is true. Our win rates are plus 70% or better in both programs in dollars. So to answer your question, it's been more of a delay factor. And we've got one of our programs and EW got booked immediately right after the resolution for about $85 million. So we see some things starting to move and we expect in the missile area, that will continue. And then we've got a couple of new Homeland Security opportunities that should come to fruition here because we're in negotiations as we speak.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Gleacher & Company.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: On TS, Dave, they have very strong margin performance. Any one-time items in there? Is it all operational?
David Wajsgras: Well, there are some items that will not recur. I think when you stand back, they obviously posted the strongest margins certainly in the last 10 years at over 10%. When you peel back the items that won't occur again for at least for the balance of the year and looking into next year, the margins come down to about the mid high 8% range. That's part one. Part two is we'll also be starting up with some new awards as we go throughout the year and we'll be booking those new awards at rates that are expected to be lower than where we would possibly end up over time. So the business is continuing to perform well. There's a tremendous focus in that area on cost efficiencies and productivity and we're satisfied with that business overall.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Bill, thank you for the international bookings kind of run down. Is your target still that you expect roughly at 30% mix for the year?
William Swanson: Yes, we expect international to be about 28% to 30%, sales to be about 23% to 25%. We see that on track. Our bookings for the year at 27.5% plus or minus $500 million is still also on track with the international mix being what I stated earlier.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: You mentioned a lot of these countries, sounds like that there's going to be some contract awards this year, but there was a proposal out in February that I guess Germany was going to give some surplus CAC2S to Poland. And I guess the numbers that were thrown out there, the modernization would be upwards of $1 billion for Poland. What is -- have you seen any movement further from that, I guess given maybe some further fallout from EMEA's decision here domestically?
William Swanson: We see increased attention to Patriots, given the EMEA's decision and countries realize that Patriot is still the premier system in the world for handling all three kinds of threats. So from our standpoint if you think about it, Korea actually started with the same kind of assets and we've upgraded those. And Korea is now part of the Patriot family here. And Poland, we'd like to see in the same position or any other country. It's got a great heritage and it's now one of the most modern air defense systems in the world given the upgrades that we put in for UAE.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Dave, just want to ask you a question. Around the U.K. Borders, in your filing, I guess, where you talked about the $80 million letter of credit, there was also a $70 million receivable. Is there anything that would trigger a write-down or change in that as you look forward?
David Wajsgras: No, there's nothing that we are aware of at this time that would trigger a write-down.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: When you calculate or the cash impact of the letter of credit, are you considering that in your cash from operations or are you counting that separately kind of a financing activity?
David Wajsgras: It's in cash from operations and it was impacted in the second quarter.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then just last question is really on some of the international contract awards that, Bill, you just mentioned. A lot of those are going to take some time to actually impact sales. So the ramp up in the second half in terms of sales are probably not those international Patriot awards. So what's really coming in that would help accelerate the sales growth in the second half?
William Swanson: It's a combination. What I would say is some of those will have an effect. They won't have a big affect. Anything to do with patriot or Paveway or any of those programs have an immediate ramp up because we've already built them before we have a supply base. You have to realize that we're in constant contact with our supply chain so that we want to make sure they're ready, we're ready, are the orders all stacked and ready to go when we pride ourselves on getting a quick jump once we start. And that's factored into the contracts. And our customers know it because some of these systems, they want as quick as we can get it to them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Bill, on the U.K. thing again. In your judgment, has this arbitration process in the letter of credit had any impact on your relationship with the British customer?
William Swanson: We deal primarily with the Ministry of Defense and I can tell you we're in their top 1, 2, 3 or 4 as far as suppliers. And we're proud of our relationship with the Ministry of Defense and it's been a good one, long-term one, and we continue to view them as a great partner.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Dave, on the share buyback, how do you expect the cadence of the buyback to progress through the year? Have you started fairly low and expected to pick up as you go through the year?
David Wajsgras: It's a fair question, but I can't specifically talk about the cadence. We did provide a full year guidance on, from a diluted share standpoint ending the year somewhere between $353 million and $359 million shares outstanding. That's still holds and I'm comfortable with that. But it will be parsed out obviously. We were a little over $300 million in the first quarter and we still would expect to be in that range as we close out the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned from Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: You're continuing to deliver very, very good margins here. Could you comment on the contracting environment right now? This has been something obviously you've talked about over the past year. But are you seeing any changes? It seems like you're able to keep pushing this forward. Is there more upside here?
William Swanson: Yes, Doug, what I would say is, the question is really on margins and not only are they sustainable but our customers have repeatedly told us and me, they're willing to pay for performance. In fact, we see more of our contracts incentivizing us to do much more. And for me, that gives us an opportunity to perform even better. Last year, we had about 57% of our contracts for fixed price, 43% were cost type. And so for us, this environment, the fixed price is not something that bothers us. I think for some companies that have been predominantly cost plus, wishing the fixed price probably gives them pause. But what we take on the fact that we understand our manufacturing readiness levels, our technical readiness levels and we major those when we bid and the fact that we've got 8,000 programs or 15,000 contracts gets us very comfortable with this process. And we worked hard for a number of years. I think you know our mantra's performance here. And that's the best possible position you could be in at this point in time. You always worry that there's one program manager that will try and solve the entire defense budget and the nation's economy on one contract. But our job here is to make sure that we're netted together in the company, and we get to that. And I can say those on the acquisition side from Ash Carter down. Their lines and office stores are open and we're able to go in and talk to them if something doesn't seem reasonable. So there's a lot of swirl. But from our standpoint we have processes here and we know how to execute. We've got great program managers and there's always going to be a one-off and that's where management comes in to make sure that both sides understand what needs to be done.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: When you look forward over the next 2 to 3 years, How would you describe your mixed changing in terms of development versus production or in terms of fixed price versus cost plus?
William Swanson: We might see more on the fixed price, especially since some of the large international orders would be that way, which is good for the company and good for our customers. And that wouldn't give me any kind of pause because people know how we perform internationally. It's a large community, but I always say it's one of the smallest in the international world. Everybody knows how you're performing. And I'm happy to say there isn't a place in the country or the world that I have a concern where we do business about visiting and talking about Raytheon's performance.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And is there a shift on your domestic work toward fixed price as well?
William Swanson: From our standpoint, preponderance of it really is already fixed price. If you look at some of our Missile business, you look at our radars, you look at our communication or network or training, it's already that way. The cost plus is really in the development area, some of the classified area and clearly, the margins in those areas reflect cost plus. But we're also seeing now, which I'm excited about, some opportunities in cost plus to be incentivized to even do more. And that's exciting to us because as President Kennedy said about 50 years ago, we do things because they're hard, not because they're easy. And when they're hard, they bring together the talents and the resources of this company to knock it out of the park.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joseph Campbell from Barclays Capital.
Joseph Campbell - Barclays Capital: Bill, a couple of folks have said in the procurement side in the various military departments, that they have some apprehension about being able to get all the RFPs out and all the stuff obligated by the end of the government's fiscal year. And I was wondering how you felt about it, now that they've got their money, they have to basically get a year's worth of work done in a half a year. Where do you see the areas that you're not worried about where you think they were well prepared for this and are there other areas that look like they're more challenged?
William Swanson: I would say the larger programs are probably more challenged because of the visibility. It's hard on the acquisition teams mainly with things that happened in the past. The tendency is to be a lot more cautious. So the bigger programs are getting more visibility. But if you look at our portfolio, I think we only have two programs over $500 million in sales last year. That predominance of our stuff is smaller programs. We see those continuing to move. And right now, clearly, our teams are side-by-side, seeing what we can do to work together since we've been delayed for a few months here, what can we do to expedite everything. And I think if people remember, kind of what I talked about on the calls last year, was how Raytheon could take cycle time out of our processes and we worked hard the last four, five months actually longer than that since last year to streamline both our international and our domestic processes so we could take and shorten our cycles. So if the government increased in any way, the overall cycle would look the same, if you know what I mean. This is something we've actually anticipated. And now that the budget's signed for fiscal year '11, especially in areas of EW, ISR, cyber and missile defense, we're off moving hard to get those moving because that's where the attention is.
Joseph Campbell - Barclays Capital: On the same, similar kind of what's going on in the Pentagon line, how do you, what are your insights into what the Pentagon will do with this, Obama directed $400 billion? I mean, will it show up all out in the back year so we won't care or will they actually sort of start all over again and potentially take a fair chunk up front? And I guess, you know we now know it's going to be Panetta and Gates is out. Inevitably, there will be some differences between the SEC dept and how they approach this. Any insights that will help us sort out whether this is the potentially a big thing in the 2013 budget or it's probably not?
William Swanson: Since I'm not in charge, this will make it really hard that we start up...
Joseph Campbell - Barclays Capital: Everybody's entitled to an opinion and you're knowledgeable so we'll take it at that.
William Swanson: I'll start off by saying it's great to have someone as Secretary of Defense Gates' stature as being succeeded by someone with a breadth of experience like Leon Panetta. Panetta brings a wealth of experience as the former Chairman of the House Budget Committee, the Director of OMB, Directors of the CIA and the White House Chief of Staff. He has got a broad-based experience to tap into. And if anybody understands the budget process, he sure does. With that in mind, given that the President has asked for $400 billion, if I was in charge, it would be consistent with I think what Secretary Gates has said, that you got to first start off with your roles and missions. What do we need to do, what is expected at DoD and how do they go about doing that? Once you understand it, then you can put a price tag associated with that. And that's the right way to go do it. And if the roles and missions are agreed to and the price tag is higher, then you got to go and cut some things out. And I think it's going to be an interim process. It'll take longer. It will be more in the out period than it would be in the inside period. Because clearly, as a nation, I think it would be hard for the President to ask DoD or the military to do something and somebody say, well, that's not budgeted or that's not what we're expected to do. And Libya is probably a good example of that. So it is a complicated world. We have a great military. They've responded whenever asked and they do it in a decisive manner. So to answer your question specifically, I'd probably say latter rather than sooner because it's complicated. And Gates did the right thing by looking at the budget ahead of time and figuring out how to get money out of it early. And he's made some tough calls. And as someone in this industry, I applaud him because once you understand what the calls are, then you can right-size your work business. You can double check your strategy, you can look at things and take action. It's the unknown that keeps you from making the right decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Access 342.
George Shapiro - Citi: Dave, I wanted to pursue a little bit more the fourth quarter revenue. Because the way it looks is you're projecting anywhere from 5% to 10% revenue growth despite the fact that you got five less days in the quarter. So maybe we could be a little bit more specific in terms of orders that you expect like Saudi Patriot, how much revenues is assumed in that fourth quarter guidance? How much revenues is assumed from quarters yet to be gotten?
David Wajsgras: I think the way I can answer that is similar to what Bill addressed earlier. From a booking cadence standpoint, we've addressed that with respect to the way we see some of these international programs as well as domestic programs being layered in. So to say late Q2, early Q3 and then the balance of the year. What's important here to note is that we will effectively ramp very quickly once these orders are placed. I don't think it's probably appropriate to start dissecting on a award by award basis, but at this stage, George, we've looked at it pretty closely and we're comfortable with the third and fourth quarter revenue profile. So that's the comfort we can give you at this point. And frankly, we started off the year stronger than we expected and we're going to continue to push into that direction.
George Shapiro - Citi: And then just one other, Dave, if I kind of look at what Bill said about increase in international and the 26% growth in classified sales, it works out that the other domestic sales had to be down around 8% give or take, a little bit. And that would be more than just $100 million decline in Zumwalt. So what other programs domestically are effectively just declining?
David Wajsgras: Well, the CR was basically domestic for a couple of hundred million dollars. I think maybe that's what's lost in the arithmetic there. So between Zumwalt and the CR, that made up $300 million to $350 million of the decline.
George Shapiro - Citi: Let me get one last quick one for you. You had a very low corporate and elim [eliminations] in the first quarter, $37 million but you left the guidance at $260 million to $285 million through the year. So was there some benefit in this quarter or what's going to cause some of these subsequent quarters to increase dramatically from the first quarter level?
David Wajsgras: Typically, the first quarter is lower than the balance of the year. But as we ramp up on sales, you'll see a fairly significant ramp up in corp and elims.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: Just wanted to follow up first on George's last question and focus on Turkey in particular. It seems like it'll be this is a couple of designed dollar bookings. It's a big chunk of your international bookings for the year and I think last quarter, you thought it was a near-end decision. I think the elections have pushed that out to later this year and given the way those things go. I just want to kind of belt how much of Turkey is in this year in terms of our revenue exposure?
William Swanson: Almost nothing.
David Wajsgras: We're looking towards the latter end of the year from a potential award standpoint. So the Turkey Patriot program is not a significant revenue driver this year.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: And then a follow-up. Bill, you commented on the C-Base missile defense success. I know the DoD is extremely happy with the sensor hand off you helped with in that test. But can you give us some perspective on the ground-based missile defense performance over the last quarter, with the January test failure and kind of some of the reports that were pointing towards the EKV as a contributor?
William Swanson: Yes, there's a component in the EKV that's there that we're going through what they call the FRB, a Failure Review Board. And between MDA, the supplier and us and others, we're going through to make sure that we absolutely understand what happened there. And everything else in that particular program is moving forward. Some of the confusion is that people think it's a death stop. That's really not the case. When you go through something like this in the missile world, which I've spent most of my career in, you take a look at what you think the fault trees are. You go through that and as you eliminate the faults, you start to focus in on the one, two or in our case, we always want to find out what are the three things that could have caused the failure. And you work on all three, but the focus on the primary. And here, that's exactly what were doing. We should be wrapping that up shortly. When we do that, we'll put in what we believe is the corrective action and then we'll proceed to test it on the ground, trying to introduce the fault and see what we can do in the new ultimately go to the flight test which is the real environment, where you see vibration, where you see all kinds of things happen with targets that are planned and unplanned. So from our standpoint, we're going through the processors. Not a grave concern of laws of physics or anything like that. It's what I affectionately call the forensic engineering that you go through to analyze the faults that might make a neat television shows, some days at CSI gets so much attention on something else. But, that's what it's all about.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: Any, negative EAC could be absorbed into the exiting guidance range, if there were any?
William Swanson: Yes. No problem there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Joe Nadol of JP Morgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the classified side, 26% growth, it's a big, big number. I'm just wondering if you can give us anymore color on segments, with just 1 driver or 5 drivers. You said most of it, the vast majority's organic, so obviously that wasn't from applied signal. But anything else you can give us?
William Swanson: Yes. Let me see what I can do with giving you some color around it. About 11% in bookings came out of it are sales were about 16% for classified, 26% increase as you heard. We expect in the year bookings to be in the high single digit low double digit for us in class of 5. We expect sales to be around 15%. We expect that to be at 10% to 12%  growth year-over-year. That is about as far as I can go. It's clear to us. It's a driven in a couple of our businesses when we look at FAS and IIS and part of we felt a little bit of a throttling with the CR, but now that that's behind, we are overseeing the smaller contracts that we get in that area, including cyber doing very well. In fact, Just to some color, we had some great tech wins across-the-board especially in our core areas of radar, C3I, EO/IR and in the classified as I pointed out some good wins, especially in cyber.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So you'd say cyber is maybe the dominant driver there?
William Swanson: I wouldn't say dominant, but it's moving the stronger of anything else.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Bill, just on the state department, can you give us a -- I know you talked a lot about the Pentagon and about the cycle. Can you speak a bit to the State Department and how things are tracking there in terms of notification timing, that sort of thing?
William Swanson: Clearly, what I see taking place there is something a little bit unprecedented. And I give Secretary Gates credit for this because he took it on as they're really trying to expedite the export process and I do see commerce and state and DoD working on this. We are keeping our fingers crossed that they're going to make their timeline of this summer. And basically, what will help is that we can take the preponderance of things and move them over into what I call the fast lane. They don't need a lot of review, we've released them. They're not critical. There are other capabilities in other countries. And so that can kind of go into the fast lane much like you go on a turnpike when you get that card that let you go through quick. But then there'll be stuff that has to go through the reviews between DoD and state. And what I believe is that we have the fast lane and things go through that, it will take some of the burden off the people that have to do the job every day so they can really focus on the complicated and what they should be working on. And so from my standpoint, I'm encouraged about that. Some of the big orders have gotten through state and will be submitting some here shortly. We just, NYMEX, for example, is now in congressional notification. That should go through smoothly and we kind of expect things to go through now that there's a budget there. Not signing that budget really made it complicated for every government agency in Washington, in my opinion. Now it's behind us and let's get on with '12 and get moving.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heidi Wood from Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Bill, I'm also going to talk on the classified stuff and also try and tiptoe my way around it. So you had the good classified wins. Can you talk about how much of those wins reflect kind of more of the same that was kind of classic core Raytheon versus things you defined as stretch wins where you see yourself, Raytheon, heading into new businesses and competencies that maybe you didn't have say two or three years ago?
William Swanson: First of all, it's all black. So you make it hard. And it's a gut feel. There's no analysis done on this whatsoever. So it's my gut feel to what I'd know and I probably say 1/3 of what we're doing is new.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: A follow-up. The underlying competitions in IIS, one of the things that you and I have talked many times about is that you wanted, you'd once said that the award rates were too high and you really wanted your team to be reaching higher and taking more risk and having a lower ratio and trying to compete against more. Can you give us an update on how that's looking now?
William Swanson: Actually, IIS has made a nice shift from a lot of their sole sourced business where the work came to them. As the way I would describe it, I believe you need a wolf instinct if I could pick one, and I see IIS developing to that kind of business to where they can go out and we see it in the real small awards that wouldn't hit your radar screen but it hit ours. If you look at jobs that are $1 million, $2 million or $5 million or $10 million and they're doing very good about cultivating that, setting the expectations right, working with their customers. You see it in programs that we have putting apps on the battlefield. You see it in some of the things were doing in secure view of being able to look at passively what's happening on networks. And we also have the ability to look for malware or things that can cause harm to the systems. They have all of these applications that they're working with customers and given the fact that in the 1s and zeros world, everything travels at the speed of a click, and the threat more is so on a daily basis and they're doing very good at being a wolf in that environment. And I'm encouraged, our win rates are still extremely high which means we've got to continue to open the aperture but make sure we stay about one swim lane over so that we understand the risk and we manage the risk and we keep delivering the kinds of margins that you all expect from us.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Bill, just one last one. As we sort of contemplate this new environment we're in, we've got -- talking about more large weapons cut ahead. Very few in environment or very few new programs starts. Do you see Raytheon's opportunity moving at all from funding and weapons more over towards O&M? If I were to think back in the last down cycle when DoD was lacking funds to buy new kit, there was a focus to changing the need towards refurbing existing systems and is that what you're sort of anticipating ahead and what does that mean for Raytheon?
William Swanson: I think the way we look at it I really do believe we thrive on challenges. I mean you can sit here and say, Oh woe, it was me. Or you can look at it and say something got canceled or this happened. There's always an opportunity. You just have to be quick and agile enough and have a portfolio of capabilities and a talented workforce that can adjust. So if something gets canceled, it means you have to keep running or performing with what you have. Otherwise, you have mediocrity. And this country has never been mediocre. So from my standpoint, we've come up with our radars, our EOIR Systems, or command-and-control or something else that can keep that platform or system going because the threat's not going away. And so you want to keep it running until you can put in a new start. So for us, I wouldn't call it O&M work. I really see it much like we can do to F-15s or F-16s, in airborne radars. What we can do on the ground and EO systems to be able to keep the existing system current and actually take care of future threats.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky from Citigroup.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: Just a quick question, more of a clarification. You said I think that the book to bill that you expected for the year was 1.06 to 1.08, which means that you're expecting total bookings for the year kind of in the $27 billion plus range is that right?
William Swanson: Yes, that's right.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: Can you just help, maybe provide us some comfort on why we're going to see such a big acceleration into the back half of the year. You don't think you've seen bookings at $7-plus billion maybe a handful of times over the last several years on a quarterly basis and I looked back over time, you haven't had bookings of $27 billion in maybe the last five or six years. Could you maybe just cite anecdotally some process things that may have, they kind of lead to this acceleration of bookings as we move through the rest of the year?
William Swanson: This is Bill. In my opening question, when I talked about international, I probably ripped through about $4 billion or $5 billion worth of international there very quickly. And so I think that answers your question. We can see that in the back end. We also see that things started off slower this year. So the number I gave of $27.5 million plus or minus $500 million is still the number.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: Anything specifically at the DoD outside the CR that's going to allow for any acceleration?
William Swanson: Well, if you look at it, we have missile domestic awards coming in. We have operational training, we have some more standard missile development work. We've got AMRAAM. There is some domestic Homeland Security, contracts that we're working on now that are in negotiation. And we have one competitive program JAGM that will go in and probably won't happen on our timeline and we've got that factored in heavily because we factor all of these programs when you put them in. So from our standpoint that's kind of how we see it.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: So those are the program's specific things. But anything from a process prospective that has held things up. Do you think is now loosening up and allowing...
William Swanson: The CR really help things up. People can't start a new program if they don't have the funding. They can't put in options that are in the contract, can't be exercised. So that's why I said earlier, it's not a science to figure out. There's no science here on figuring out the impact of CR. And we try to give you an idea, at least there was $500,000 of bookings that we thought couldn't take credit for.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: Can you provide any type of update on the self-imposed investigation that you're doing on the Foreign Corrupt Business act, when we might see that come to its logical conclusion?
Todd Ernst: No, we disclosed in our public filings and we will update everyone at the appropriate time.
William Swanson: And that's had no impact on the International business.
Todd Ernst: Correct.
Todd Ernst: Okay, thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter conference call in July. Alicia?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President William Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Todd Ernst - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research George Shapiro - Citi Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Fourth Quarter 2010 Results Conference Call. My name is John, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Todd Ernst, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Todd Ernst: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following this morning's call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then we'll move on to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives, expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and discussed in our SEC filings in detail. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to take a minute before getting the details of the fourth quarter and full year results to welcome Todd Ernst, our new Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of you may already know Todd from his time in the investment community. We look forward to having him here as part of the Raytheon team in Waltham. Welcome, Todd.  Now turning to our results. Raytheon delivered strong operating performance in 2010. This is a result of our focus on program execution and productivity initiatives driven by Six Sigma and operational improvements. Adjusted earnings were up 15% for the year and operating cash flow was once again very strong.  As you know, 2010 had some headwinds, including program delays, a continuing resolution and a difficult economic environment. Our strategies prepared us well for this, by leveraging our innovative technology, cost competitiveness, solid program execution and strong customer alignment. We had one of the highest competitive win rates in the company's history.  Notably, competitive wins included Small Diameter Bomb, GPS-OCX, AMDR, STARS, among others. These wins position us well for future competitions. For example, SDB or Small Diameter Bomb, where our sensor technology was a key discriminator, which positions us well as we compete for next-generation missile programs.  On the classified side, our sales increased in 2010 by 13%, driven by NCS and SAS. Our contract research and development or CRAD bookings were also up in 2010 by 28%, while sales on these programs increased by 13%. This provides much of the funding for the next generation of Raytheon technologies and keeps us at the cutting edge of technology development in areas directly aligned with our customers' needs.  As always, we remain focused on creating long-term value for our customers and our shareholders. To that end, Raytheon announced at the end of the fourth quarter that the company signed a definitive agreement to acquire Applied Signal Technology. AST brings world-class technologies and their talent complements Raytheon's strong, intelligent surveillance and reconnaissance solutions. This combination of strengths, along with our complementary cultures and innovation will provide capabilities to address our customers' current and future challenges while creating value for our shareholders.  In addition to announcing our agreement with AST, we completed three acquisitions in 2010. These acquisitions, coupled with our sixth consecutive year of dividend increases, our share repurchase program and discretionary pension contribution underscore our balanced approach to capital deployment.  Three weeks ago, Secretary Gates further outlined his plan to adjust DoD's spending priorities within a challenging fiscal environment. From a Raytheon perspective, there were some puts and takes within his plan. But on balance, our portfolio capabilities align very well with DoD's vision of the future. We remain confident that our strategy is the right one and will yield strong long-term growth opportunities for our core strategic areas. We are also reassured that DoD remains committed to preserving investment and modernization.  Let me take a moment to discuss the international environment, which remains a key area of growth for the company. In 2010, 23% of our sales were to international customers and our international's revenues grew by 10%. This growth is driven by the breadth and depth of Raytheon's portfolio of products that align well with our customers' needs to be able to address important threats. These threats have not changed.  Many of you heard me discuss the difficulty in pegging the timing of the international and domestic awards. And in 2010, we had a few opportunities move into 2011. But we remain confident that the ultimate awards are not a matter of if, but when.  Our strong operating performance stands in contrast to the challenging environment that unfolded in 2010. Congestion in domestic and international acquisition cycle slowed growth and impacted bookings. The continuing resolution was also a factor and could also be the case in 2011. It's too early to tell exactly what the length will be. That said, our organization rose to the challenge. And through strong execution, delivered outstanding bottom line results.  In 2011, we will continue to drive operations to greater levels of efficiency. While we expect that there will continue to be delays in the acquisition cycle during the early part of the year, we anticipate this easing as the year progresses.  Before I close my remarks, I want to spend a few moments on the company's other accomplishments in 2010. We continue to position ourselves as best-in-class with regard to environmental and safety programs. For example, since 2005, we reduced our absolute energy consumption at the company by 12%. To that end, we received the EPA ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Award for the third year in a row. And we continue to make progress on our goal of an injury-free workplace, while achieving the lowest employee injury rate in our industry.  Lastly, I'm very proud of our new partnership with the Wounded Warrior Project. Together with Cisco, we're funding the program that helps facilitate the ability of wounded servicemen and women to successfully reenter the workplace with new skills for the IT and cybersecurity markets. We are proud of those who serve every day to protect our way of life and are excited to fund this new effort to support our wounded warriors.  When I reflect on these accomplishments, I see a company that excels at everything it sets out to do. That's good for our customers. It's good for our shareholders and it's good for our employees. With that, I'd like to recognize the efforts of the entire Raytheon team for staying focused in delivering value in 2010. I thank them for all their hard work, and we look forward to the future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. I have a few opening remarks starting with the fourth quarter and full year results, and then I'll discuss our outlook for 2011. And after that, Bill and I will open up the call for questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning, which are posted on our website.  Okay, if everyone would please move to Page 3. Strong operational performance across the company drove our margin, EPS and operating cash flow results during the quarter. We delivered solid results in both the quarter and the full year.  Our fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $1.57 was up 20% and for the full year it was $5.58, up 15%, primarily the result of operational improvements and capital deployment actions. We also generated strong operating cash flow of just under $900 million for the quarter and about $1.9 billion for the year, after making a fourth quarter $750 million discretionary contribution to our pension plans. Additionally during the fourth quarter, the company repurchased 5.3 million shares of common stock for $250 million, bringing the year-to-date repurchases to 29 million shares for about $1.5 billion.  As we discussed on the last earnings call, during the fourth quarter 2010, the company issued $2 billion in long-term debt and retired $678 million in debt maturing in '12 and '13. As a result of these transactions, the company extended the term of its debt structure at lower interest rates. The company ended the year with a strong balance sheet and net debt of near zero.  And finally, in December, we announced an agreement to acquire Applied Signal Technology Inc. This transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2011 and will become part of our Space and Airborne Systems business. I'll address 2011 guidance in just a moment.  And if you'd move to Page 4. Let me go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full year results. We had bookings of $6 billion in the quarter and $24.4 billion for the full year resulting in a backlog of $34.6 billion, 27% of our total bookings during the quarter and 18% of our total bookings for the year from international customers. Both bookings and backlog were affected by the timing of domestic and international awards primarily IDS and to a lesser extent at NCS. We now see these awards coming in during the first half of the year.  Here are some of the highlights for the fourth quarter. IDS booked $131 million to supply Patriot missiles to Kuwait. $120 million to provide logistics support for the Missile Defense Agency and $112 million on the competitive Air and Missile Defense Radar program for the U.S. Navy. IIS booked $167 million to provide ISR support to the U.S. Air Force and $281 million on a number of classified contracts.  Our Missile Systems booked $546 million for the production of Paveway for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and $247 million for the production of Tomahawk missiles for the U.S. Navy. NCS booked $180 million on the competitive Standard Terminal Automation Replacement System program for the FAA and DoD, and $190 million on two sight and surveillance system programs for the U.S. Army and an international customer. SAS booked $374 million for the production of AESA radars for the U.S. Navy and an international customer at $192 million on a number of classified contracts.  Technical Services booked $91 million on domestic training programs and $47 million on foreign training programs in support of the Warfighter FOCUS activities.  Now if you move to Page 5. Fourth quarter sales grew by 3% to $6.9 billion. Comparing to our prior guidance, sales came in slightly below the low end, primarily due to the continuing resolution, the previously discussed award delays and our improved results from the company's ongoing cost-reduction efforts.  Looking at the businesses, Integrated Defense Systems net sales were $1.5 billion in the quarter. The change was primarily due to lower sales on Zumwalt and on two joint battlefield sensor programs, primarily offset by higher sales on international Patriot programs. It's probably worth mentioning that the Zumwalt program was recertified and now has a revised funding profile for the three ships committed to by the U.S. Navy.  Intelligence and Information Systems net sales were $820 million in the quarter. The increase in sales was driven by higher volume on GPS-OCX, a Command and Control System for GPS satellites.  Missile Systems net sales were $1.6 billion, up 11% in the quarter driven by higher volume on the Paveway, SM-3 and AMRAAM programs. And Network Centric Systems net sales were $1.3 billion in the quarter, up 4%. The increase in sales was primarily driven by higher sales on an international classified program.  Space and Airborne Systems had net sales of $1.3 billion in the quarter, up 3% driven by growth in their classified business. Technical Services had fourth quarter 2010 net sales of $964 million, up 9%. The sales growth of TS was driven by both domestic and foreign training programs.  Moving ahead to Page 6. We delivered strong operational performance in the quarter. Our adjusted operating margin was up 60 basis points in both Q4 and for the full year. As we said in the past, we continually focus on cost control and productivity improvements. The positive swing in adjusted operating margin speaks directly to these efforts.  Looking at the business margins, IDS had solid results in the quarter, primarily driven by strong operational performance. IIS margins increased by 40 basis points, largely due to improved program performance. Missiles margin was in line with last year at 10.9%. NCS margin in the quarter was up 170 basis points. This is primarily due to improved performance across a broad range of programs. SAS margin in the quarter was down 100 basis points, driven by the timing of program improvements earlier in the year. For the year, SAS margins were up about 10 basis points.  And finally, Technical Services margin was up 210 basis points in the quarter, as a result of operational improvements on programs at or nearing completion.  When you compare our fourth quarter results to our prior guidance, five of the six businesses performed better than the high end of the range that we had provided. We saw continued improvements from cost initiatives that I spoke to earlier and on prior earnings calls.  That said, it's important to note that these savings get passed back to the customer on our cost-type programs and on new business. We continue to execute on our productivity initiatives and focus on Six Sigma efficiency improvements to further enhance performance. Turning now to Page 7. Adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter 2010 was $1.57, up 20%. The increase was driven by operational improvements and capital deployment actions, specifically share repurchases. Turning to Page 8. Our full year adjusted EPS was $5.58 versus $4.87 in 2009, an increase of 15%. Again, primarily due to operational improvements and capital deployment actions.  The company generated strong operating cash flow of $1.9 billion in 2010 after the discretionary $750 million cash contributions to the pension plans. Our focus on working capital management and overall cash conversion efficiency combined with lower cash tax payments were the primary drivers.  If you now move to Page 9, let me discuss our 2011 guidance. We see sales in the range of between $25.5 billion and $26.3 billion. As for pension, we now see FAS/CAS pension expense of $367 million. This is an improvement over our earlier projections. The change is primarily driven by the discount rate environment. And importantly, our positive asset returns in 2010, which were up over 11% for the full year. Our end-of-year discount rate was 5 3/4%.  Next, we expect net interest expense to be between $155 million and $165 million. Higher than in 2010 due to the new debt that we issued in last year's fourth quarter. We see our average diluted shares outstanding to be between $353 million and $359 million on a full year basis. As for our effective tax rate, we see this coming in at approximately 30.5%. In 2010, our effective tax rate was 24.2%. If you adjust for the Q3 tax-related benefit and the impact of the U.K. Border Agency termination adjustment, it would have been 30.8%.  In 2011, we expect EPS to be in the range of $4.83 to $4.98. We see our adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5.50 to $5.65. Our operating cash flow guidance is between $2 billion and $2.2 billion.  And finally, with respect to return on invested capital, I do want to point out that we have revised the definition of ROIC to better reflect operational performance. The calculation now fully neutralizes the impact on the invested capital base of the company's pension liability and funding. For 2011, we expect ROIC to be between 13.4% and 13.9%, which reflects the new calculation.  Continuing on to Page 10. I'll briefly comment on our outlook by business. From a sales perspective, we see growth in most of our businesses. As we experienced in late 2010, IDS will be impacted by the timing of international awards, as well as the revised funding profile on the Zumwalt program, which I spoke about a moment ago. This impact is expected to be approximately $300 million to $400 million for the full year. We expect to continue to deliver strong margins by our disciplined focus on operational performance and world-class execution across the entire company.  If you now move to Page 11, we've provided you with our 2011 outlook by quarter. You'll notice the improvement in sales cadence as we go through the year which reflects program timing, the current environment and importantly, the historical trends of the business. With that said, we see 2011 more back-end loaded than in the past.  The growth in the back half is driven by several factors. Specifically, international orders will begin to meaningfully ramp-up later in the year. And from a domestic perspective, we would expect the continuing resolution to be behind us. And with that, we see a marked improvement in the second half compared to both the first half and the prior year.  In the first quarter specifically, we see sales in line to slightly down from Q1 2010, despite the four extra workdays. This is primarily due to Zumwalt being down approximately $125 million, the timing of international orders and the impact of the continuing resolution.  Finally, on Page 12. As many of you have requested, we have provided a summary of the financial impact of pensions in 2010, as well as our assumptions for 2011 through 2013. We believe this will help you to better model our company over the next few years. I do want to point out that 2011 represents the inflection point holding all assumptions equal after which the FAS/CAS pension adjustment should become a tailwind to earnings.  With respect to CAS harmonization, the current expectation is that the rule is likely to be published in 2011 with an effective date of 2012. If this were to be the case, we would expect the new rules to have a favorable impact on our FAS/CAS pension adjustment.  So let me conclude by saying that in 2010, Raytheon once again executed well and delivered solid bottom line results despite the challenging environment. We have a strong balance sheet, a diverse portfolio of innovative technologies, strong demand for our solutions, domestically and internationally. And looking ahead, we are confident in our ability to deliver improved customer and shareholder value. With that, Bill and I will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: Bill, we seem to have a trend here over the last several quarters across the industry, with sales coming in a bit light, margins exceeding expectations. How do you see that trend going forward? Bookings would suggest, and Dave you went into a great level of detail that timing in international, et cetera, but it's pretty clear that I think the revenue line's going to be a challenge going forward. How long can you offset with the performance?
William Swanson: From our standpoint, we still see plenty of opportunities in the company. There's a lot of effort going in our supply chain side of the business. As most of you know, that makes up about half of what we do. We're not going to be riding on the backs of our suppliers. I want to point that out. What we're going to be working on more is, given our suppliers better visibility into what we're doing, we're necking down to a small core group where they can align up their investments with our investments to make sure that we continue to deliver the best value to our customers. And as we look at how we're doing that buying across the company and sourcing and development, we think we have some more opportunities for the company in that area. Plus, from our standpoint, we realize that in this environment things do take a little bit longer. And I think I mentioned on the last call that Six Sigma team is looking at our cycles at the beginning of each of the programs as we do things to take out some more time as we go and do that. Clearly, if we can take it out of our cycles, it makes it get a little bit back more to normal. From my perspective, I see a few more months of the congestion that I talked about. But mid to latter part of the year, this might take, at least having been doing it for a number of years, I expect that to change a little bit. And we expect it to be favorable in that regard.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: On that note, and maybe Dave you might have an answer for this as well. But if the CR, which has clearly caused some of this consternation, if the CR is extended through the full fiscal year '11, how sensitive is your guidance to that?
David Wajsgras: Well, given all the discussions that are taking place around the CR, the full year CR is not considered in the guidance, okay? We don't have an expectation that, that would be the case. And frankly, Rob, it's exceptionally difficult to calculate especially when you're talking about the defense budget. So I wish I could give you a more crisp answer, but there would be too many puts and takes in that situation.
William Swanson: Rob, I would add a little more color. I think the real problem is, when you look at the government side from the program managers or the acquisition cycle, they're trying to figure this out. For those on the call, clearly the last time we went past February 9 was in 1970. So once we get to March 4 and beyond, they'd be a little bit on chartered waters. My take on this is that people understand it and they're going to try and give the department some flexibility so they can operate. We've got a couple of wars going on now and people realize that. And I think people will do the right thing as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Campbell with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: It's actually Carter Copeland for Joe. Bill, on AST, I wonder if you might talk a little bit about the technology, about the value proposition of that transaction. What you think Raytheon may be able to do with that and whether or not we could see more transactions like that, if you see that sort of stuff down there? Any color would be helpful.
William Swanson: Thanks for asking. Because we are in a tender offer process right now, my comments will be somewhat limited. But if you look at the pricing and desirability of AST, we've evaluated the transaction carefully. Applied Signal brings world-class technologies and talents that really complements Raytheon's strong ISR solutions and capabilities. You have to remember or maybe you don't, but 90% of what they do is classified. We believe what we paid for in the business is appropriate. We think we can really create shareholder value. You didn't ask this part, but if you look at Raytheon's classified business, bookings were up 16%. Last year, sales were up 14% and we've had about 13% growth year-over-year. A double-digit in the classified arena. And I think what you got to do is, given our transparency and the way we've driven the company, I think we can create real value with ASP as it gets added to our portfolio.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: For Dave. As you look across 2010, all but one in the businesses has outperformed the high end of the range in terms of margins. When you look at 2012, I know it's early, but are there specific segments where you'd see the opportunity to do that again?
David Wajsgras: Well, I think you meant -- do you mean 2011?
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Yes, 2011, sorry.
David Wajsgras: Let me just talk a little bit about some of the businesses. So with respect to IDS, IDS margins as you can see are expected to improve. It's driven by a combination of things. Obviously, continued strong performance and it is helped a little bit by the mix. In looking at IIS, you have to peel this back a little bit. But when you look at it, excluding the e-Borders impact, 2010 approximated about 9% margins, which was very healthy for that business. And importantly, that includes about 50 basis points related to purchase accounting. There's been a number of cyber acquisitions that are now embedded in that business. Year-over-year, we're looking to see that down a little bit because there was some onetime events, some contract restructuring, some productivity that took place in that business that may be difficult to replicate. But we're still moving forward, I think, with a healthy margin profile there. With respect to Missiles, Missiles includes the ramp-up of several development programs. So out of the gate, we're seeing them down maybe 10, 20 basis points, but they'll continue to focus on the things we've been talking about around productivity and cost efficiencies, and we'll monitor that as we go through the year. With respect to NCS, there you sort of have the same scenario. There's a number of production programs that are nearing the end of the cycle while development programs are beginning to ramp up. So we would see sort of the exit margin rate in '11 to be healthy. What you're looking at now is the average of 13.6% to 13.8%. SAS, the lower margin there is driven by the integration in the purchase accounting related to AST. If you exclude that, we're looking at margins 10 to 20 basis points better than where we ended '10. From a Technical Services perspective, we had some favorable contract worth about 30 basis points in 2010 combined with cost savings in '11 that are being passed back on to the customers relative to their training programs. So this is more of a normalized margin profile for TS. Probably a little bit more than you wanted to know, but let me just kind of put the whole company in perspective for you. A couple of things are happening. One is we have the acquisition. Like we said, assuming that it closes in the first quarter, which we currently anticipate, that will, from a company perspective impact us by about 20 basis points. And the performance improvement that we saw in '10 on new contracts, those savings and cost reductions that we've achieved get passed back to the customer. With that, we'll continue to drive from that perspective. But that's kind of what's happening year-over-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Troy Lahr with Stifel Nicolaus.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I was wondering if you can talk about some of the international market opportunities and kind of how you're looking at your sales between Europe, Middle East and Asia and kind of where you see international orders in sales for 2011?
William Swanson: Let me start with a broad perspective. I think from an Asia and a Middle East point of view, we see those as being -- continue to be strong with Raytheon. Put in perspective, last year, if you look our sales represented about 23% international. That was a 10% growth year-over-year, so it's important to us. Those regions are important. If we look at some of the areas that we see activity, Australia continues to be a good market for us. We expect to do some additional work there, especially in Land 17. As we've gone through that, we expect that some time in the first half of the year. Air traffic control radars, which I haven't talked about in a while continue to be strong for us. We're seeing an uptick as more and more people are starting to fly. We're getting interest in our primary and secondary radars, along with our command and controls. So that is a growth for us. Our Missile business continues to see it. Dave mentioned the Paveway orders, we expect that to continue this year. At least in the same kind of range and size. Our TPY-2 radars, those are our long-range radars that we use for missile defense. We see that picking up with international customers. Patriot, clearly for us, Saudi is a customer that we finished technical discussions. Preliminary discussions have taken place. We're informed that it has been budgeted in countries, so we expect to be wrapping that up. We'll hear about Turkey and their decision some time here in the first and second quarter. Other Patriot, I think you've heard in Dave's report, Kuwait has started to buy missiles. We expect them to also expand with new fire units as we do at Taiwan. Israel and other countries are in there, so Patriots got a nice history. We also see some Homeland Security activity taking place in various other parts of the world that orders are close by. But our customers have elected to keep those classified. At least we'll announce the orders but not who they go to. So internationally, I think the order book and activity is about as high as I can remember it. So we're feeling pretty good about it. We just got to work through the issues of the countries deciding in moving forward, but I feel pretty good about the international marketplace right now.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And as a percentage of sales, how do you think that shakes out in a percentage of orders for 2011?
William Swanson: If you look at it from an international point of view, I mentioned last year was 23%. We expect that to grow in the range of 23% to 25%. So we're pretty much on target for hitting our 25% of sales that we announced a few years ago.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And do you have a bookings target out there for 2011?
William Swanson: Yes, we do. About 28% to 30% is what we expect to take place. And overall bookings for the company, we expect to be about $27.5 billion plus or minus $500 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Access 342.
George Shapiro - Citi: Dave, I was wondering if you broke down the quarter where you mentioned that sales were a little bit light. In response to the question I asked you in the third quarter, you said that you were looking for domestic sales to grow 4% to 6%. Was that where the weakness was or it was less international growth but not getting the orders?
David Wajsgras: Let me just kind of frame up the fourth quarter. We talked about some of this earlier. Bill touched on it, so did I. But let me just repeat that. Firstly, as we take cost out of the business, it does improve the margins as we addressed earlier. But on cost-type programs, it impacts sales. On the quarter, that impacted fourth quarter sales $25 million to $50 million. Secondly, we're in the midst of the CR, which affect the number of programs. We're typically funded for several months on programs, and we're now seeing funding go down even a monthly basis. Overall, the CR impacted us for about $100 million. It's probably worth noting that about half of that was in IIS. And lastly, we did have some timing impact that Bill and I both addressed earlier, both from a domestic and international standpoint, primarily in IDS and NCS. And together, those are about $50 million to $100 million. That's kind of the way to frame up, I think fourth quarter and what's going on from a top line perspective.
George Shapiro - Citi: So if I just ask you to summarize then, Dave, how much international grew in the fourth quarter? How much classified grew? And then how much domestic x classified grew?
David Wajsgras: George, I think I know what you're getting at. So let me put a few numbers around this. Domestic grew around 1% on the quarter. International grew in the double digit range, 11%, 12%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Dave, back I guess in October, you talked about cash flows from operations is about $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. It came in $300 million to $500 million more than that. Can you talk about what the moving pieces were that drove that higher?
David Wajsgras: Yes. Actually it was driven by, and I'll repeat myself, we have a tremendous focus on working capital management and cash conversion. SAS in particular performed extremely well. And they were $200 million, $250 million improved versus what we were seeing. So that's going to be a timing difference between Q4 and Q1. But they were able to move forward on a number of initiatives they had and I think performed exceptionally well. From the balance of the businesses. I think, generally speaking, everybody had a focus and basically outperformed our internal expectation. And that's kind of the short version.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then if I look at 2011. If I just look at your slide about the pension contributions it looks like, because of the discretionary and the growth funding that you put in, in 2010, it's down about $900 million from '10 to '11. The operating cash flow number is really not all that different in terms of where your guidance is. And so can you just talk about why that we wouldn't see that go up the full $900 million?
David Wajsgras: Let me just briefly give you kind of the walk year-over-year. So we ended the year with $1.9 billion, that being the starting point cash flow in 2010. From a pension funding standpoint, we pick up about $800 million, as you just noted. Net cash taxes year-over-year are working against us to the tune of $400 million or $500 million. And then there's really the timing that I spoke about when we were addressing the fourth quarter cash flow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Maybe a follow up on the CR. Kind of as I look at your funded backlog, you mentioned the issue of IIS, but it looks really the skinniest at both IIS and NCS. Could you maybe give us some color on if the CR goes longer, which areas get hit the most and which areas are better insulated against the CR?
William Swanson: Cai, let me try and put it in perspective and I'll speak from the wins of a customer as a program manager. If you're a PM in DoD and you're not sure what your budget is going to be, especially if your new program its even worse. But in an existing program, especially on the intelligence side, they basically have gone from the yearly funding to quarterly. And now in some cases, as Dave pointed out, to monthly. And the reason they do that is they want to make sure whenever the decision comes on the funding, they're prepared to execute their programs going forward and not having consumed all the money up front, so there's nothing left for the balance of the year. If that all makes sense. The other thing that's taking place in our backlog that I want to point out is that the company has been extremely successful in converting a number of our programs that used to be funded for longer periods of times into IDIQs, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity. These don't show up in our backlog, but they give us the ability to spin and react quickly to customers' needs. We've increased that about $600 million last year, so it doesn't show up in the backlog. And those also don't show up kind of in the funding. So between the IDIQs, the change because of the CRs, it affects both the funded backlog and we're sorting it all out. We thought it would be helpful to mention because, at least I believe, that was going to get a question on this that the IDIQs at $600 million, those do have an impact on the numbers and we thought you should know about it.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: And then on the foreign, there's a couple of reasons, Bill, things can move to the right. One is it just only takes longer and second, maybe priorities changed. For example, if Saudi held up by the fact of now we have these big fighters they own, maybe that's kind of moved in front of Patriot or maybe give us some color on the whys of things moving a little bit out to the right?
William Swanson: It's a great question. I spent some time going through all our programs. I wish I could give you an underlining cause for the delays. Each is driven program-by-program or for customer-specific reasons. In Saudi, you're absolutely right. The F-15 was a big win. It was also a big one between DoD and the State Department and the Hill to get approval. That's gone through. You're now starting to see other things moving. Dave talked about the Saudi Patriot order or the Saudi Paveway order for us, which was close to $500 million. That came in right afterwards, so we're starting to see things move. There's a little bit of delay in the beginning of the year because Congress is changing over and we all know that the composition of the House changed. So as soon as they all get their feet on the ground, then we'll start to see some more activity. But it's really case-by-case, country-by-country and Saudi has notified a lot of us of what they intend to buy and we're working with them to get that through. Other parts of the world are changing. I think Asia realizes the threat there. They're starting to adjust their needs and their order books and we're chatting with them. So it's really case-by-case and program-by-program. And what we do see is the new programs are getting -- they're getting through DoD, but they sure take longer. If that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heidi Wood. [Morgan Stanley]
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Bill, I want to go back to that question on AST. You are one of the last soldiers left standing with the battle scars to prove it on the 90s consolidation wave. And one of the two lessons learned there was the purchase price of the entity. So can you help us get more comfortable with why AST at these valuations and why now? Was there anything particular that happened that increased in your mind the relative attractiveness over the next five years for AST's profile?
William Swanson: Heidi, I think so. When you look at where the Department of Defense is going and where our customers are going, I'll start with a 60,000-foot look. We will get out of Iraq. We will get out of Afghanistan. There will be troop adjustments at some point that the department will make. The threat environment in the world hasn't changed or at least the threat from terrorism, the threat from nations that want to cause some problems. And so what do you need in that environment? You need SIGINT, ELINT, EW, those are the things that tie in to ISR and the command and control. And for us, the Gretzky quote is probably still the best one that I can think of is, you want to be where the puck is going to be, not where it's at now. And so for us, I think we are wise enough not to get into Fed IT. The market proved that. I think we are smart enough on Cybersecurity three years ago before anybody else talked about it that we set the marketplace there. And we see this as the next one. And from our standpoint, we wanted to make sure that we got a good piece of property. And we thought long and hard. And as I mentioned, they're 90% classified. So we know what they do and we think we can marry that with what else we do and offer our customers some real value and solutions, in some cases that they thought of and even more cases where they haven't thought of.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: There's a domestic angle, but I want to ask a question from the international angle because we have these great zone disputes near Japan that are on the rise. Japan is talking about strengthening both its own command and control, as well as its ability to collect and analyze information. So is this an opportunity for Raytheon? Can you take yours and AST's capabilities to our closest allies?
William Swanson: I believe so where the government will allow us to do. For your benefit and others, we do the badge system in Japan, which is their command and control that we do for them to set that picture up. The radars that exist there TPY-2 on our Patriots and other sensors. So we have the ability to net that all together. And Japan has been a good ally and the United States especially in that region. Our Navies operate together, run exercises together like no other two countries in the world. And so our belief is yes. We see being able to take what they do and we do and put it together and help our allies understand what's going on. Because what we want to know in times of the environment that we're in, what you really want to know is what are your neighbors doing? And we think we have the ability to know what's going on in the world. I guess the best way I could say it.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: You are at 23% of sales internationally. How high can international go when you look at the skyline, Bill, have you peaked?
William Swanson: No. We have not peaked.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: How high can you go?
William Swanson: How high do you want us to go, Heidi? I guess the point is that we thought we could hit 25% within a five-year window, I think that will happen. I'm not so hung up on the absolute number. I'm hung up on the growth and we've had double-digit growth. We look to this year to be in the high-single digits kind of thing. That's coming out of the chute. I'd like to push it harder. We think there are opportunities. And we think given our product mix, I really feel good about Raytheon's depth and breadth of programs, and it gives us a lot of flexibility. And what we're working on internally is our agility. How do we move quicker? How do we do that with existing programs and that ties into our CRAD, which has really grown in the company. And that's our engine here for technology. And so we can offer our customers things that they need. And as Dave said, I didn't talk about it, but they're going to keep existing platforms running. If they do, they need Raytheon inside and so that's what we intend to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Gleacher & Company.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Just a question, Dave, quickly on the IDS guidance. We indicated that you're going to get a little bit of a step down this year. It seems more timing and then also a little bit on the program changes. How do we think about that, not that you want to give us 2012, but do we expect this to kind of come snap back or is this the kind of the new run rate that you see for that segment?
William Swanson: No. I'm glad you asked the question, Peter. 2011 is a bit of an anomaly for IDS, driven by the area that you just mentioned in your question. Looking ahead, we're not to give formal guidance for 2012, but I would say it would be more in line with historical growth rates, if you're looking at say the '08, '09, '10 time frame.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: And then, Bill, if I could just quickly ask. You mentioned Cyber, and you have some great assets in that area. I mean, is there going to be more external growth opportunities or are you just seeing the money is finally starting to flow and you're going to see some better organic growth opportunities? Any color on the Cyber? What you can tell us would be great.
William Swanson: Let me add one thing because Dave talked about IDS. On the Zumwalt side of, it because of the Nunn-McCurdy breach and the Navy allocating some of the efforts of the ships this year. What that does for us, if you think about it, it really spreads our funding out, which gives us a nice base going forward that we would have peaked and then started to tail off. So now that will help IDS by giving them a nice base. It creates a problem this year. But overall, we think it's pretty good and that should be factored into your numbers. I wanted to mention that. On Cyber, Cyber has been good for us. We've had, if we look at the way we measure it internally, it's had real good double-digit growth. Let me say in the 20% range both in bookings and in sales, and we expect that to continue. Because of some of the stuff you can read in the newspapers, we've actually got some real key technology wins that we are doing for some of the services codename, program's quick stop. But basically, how we deal with insider threats, and that's one of the strengths of the company. So we see the attention and the activity. Plus we start to see programs happening on some pace in cadence, and we expect that to continue and pick up this year after the lag. Because DoD has now got each of the services and the agencies all lined up. So there's an infrastructure there and we're feeling pretty good. We've got a couple of takeaways, so we think we're on track there.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: I mean, when you're starting it sounds like you get some real critical mass, I mean it begins to start impacting in the top line. Should we think about -- is that the case as we get into the out-years here for Raytheon?
William Swanson: Yes, I think so. The fact that we're coming at it from a full-length point view as the sword and the shield. We see our customers coming to us for solutions in this case. And the fact that, from a company point of view, we use internally what we sell. So when we sell it, we can show our customers that it's scalable because a company of our size and critical nature of what we do. We can show the metrics that are real because it's operating in Raytheon before they use it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citigroup.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: Bill, you've mentioned today that program delays have been a source of consternation not only for Raytheon but to the industry over the last year or so. And I think we've talked about this in the past where this is causing not only Raytheon's growth rate to slow but the entire industry as well. My question is, to what extent, with the CR have been put aside, to what extent do you think we have now reached the logical conclusion of these program delays and if we're going to get more into a normalized program award cycle? And as a follow on to that, clearly your guidance suggests that revenue growth is going to pick up into the back half of the year. We may exit the year with growth rate as high as 5% on a year-over-year basis. And you started to talk a little bit about 12% from a segment perspective here. Can you give us a sense of what a more normalized growth rate might look for you as we move out of this acceleration of growth given some of this pent-up demand? And looking out in to '12 and '13 what more normalized growth might look like?
William Swanson: It's a great question. I think the way I look at it is, the frustration that you might hear from someone in our industry is that we can see the order, we can touch the order but getting it booked and signed and everything takes time. And our frustration really sets around being able to peg one that would happen because you all look to us with some specificity in mind. And to me, given the economy, the budget, what DoD has tried to do, the agreements that they've tried to get with the administration. And now we go to the Hill, we're going to have a little bit of this first year of everybody getting their feet on the ground. And I sense that when you look at the committee chairs on defense, they're pretty strong on what they want to go do. Yet in the political environment, the budget is one that has everybody's attention and they'll work through that. Having said that, having been through this somewhat before, not these exact circumstances, our intelligence, our modeling tells us that, that will pick up and get better at year end. I think what we have to really look at and will plug into play is that how Congress will look at the deficit going forward. For Raytheon, we try and shield ourselves in that regard by having our International business being about a quarter of what we do. About 2/3 of what we sell is the DoD. Another third it goes other places and Raytheon's try to broaden our portfolio. If you look at our programs, we don't spin around any one program. I think we only have two programs that are around $500 million in sales, and the rest are more or less than that. So we're really a portfolio of programs that give us the ability to move out and do other things. And that's kind of how we look at it and we'll keep updating you as we see things as we go through the congressional process here because that has a lot in what we do.
David Wajsgras: Bill, let me just add one thing to that from a cadence standpoint. Because I think it's a fair representation the way you phrased your question. First half of versus second half, we talked a lot about that both in our opening remarks and throughout the Q&A. So in the first half, we're kind of looking at a flattish to may be slightly up period-over-period sales gross standpoint and then sort of mid-single digits in the back half. So if you're trying to think of how to sort of normalize things going forward, I just wanted to reaffirm that the way you're looking at this is right. Again, the back half of '10 going into the first part of '11, we talked a lot about what's going on with the program awards and the timing and the CR. I'm not going to rehash all that. But if you're thinking about how the company's going to look going forward, I just want to put it in perspective and just reaffirm the way you're thinking about it.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Just to clarify, 5% probably represents a little bit of out performance given the pent-up demand that we've seen, and that kind of longer-term growth rates will reflect a bit more what the budget itself here in the United States is going to offer, plus a little bit from international?
William Swanson: Well, I don't really want to characterize it one way or the other but I just want to reaffirm the way you're looking at is sort of in the mid-single digit range second half is the appropriate way to look at it.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research: I was interested in going back to the e-Borders situation. Because when you look at that, I mean I think of it as you were dealing with a customer in the U.K. home office that was somewhat immature. And I would associate more risk with that. And now when you look at a lot of the international opportunities ahead of you, how do you ensure that you don't run into a similar type of situation?
William Swanson: I guess the best way to look at it is and contractually how you look at it and that contract was a little bit unique. As you point out, I can't say too much about it because we're in arbitration on that. But we've gone through all our contracts to make sure that, that particular situation like that doesn't happen again. Our contracts internationally are usually systems that we've done before whether they be Paveway, whether they be AESA radars or they be missiles. And from that standpoint, this company has a history of doing what it says its going to do. And I think as I said on one of the calls in my 39 years in the business, this has happened once. And I want to point out that the system is operating in country. It is delivering actionable results. It handles 120 million transactions on a yearly basis, and Raytheon delivered. And that's really the point I want to make is this company has a record of standing by what it says it's going to do and it does it. And we'll deal with the rest in arbitration. But I feel comfortable with what we're doing for our other international mature customers.
Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research: And does it change the way you look at some new customers that you may be seeing on the international front?
William Swanson: Yes. That's what we get paid to do. We make sure here we have gate reviews on all of these. We get smarter as we do things. Our antennas get better to be able to do this. And we make sure that we reach out to our customers even more so, and it's made us better.
Todd Ernst: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter conference call in April. John?
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President William Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Marc Kaplan - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets Corporation George Shapiro - Citi Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co Richard Safran - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc. David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Third Quarter 2010 Results Conference Call. My name is John, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Marc Kaplan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Marc Kaplan: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following the live call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave, and then we'll move on to questions. Please limit your questions to one per caller to allow for broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and that we discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Bill?
William Swanson: Thank you, Marc. Good morning, everyone. We delivered solid results during the quarter, with sales of $6.3 billion, adjusted operating margin at 12.9% and adjusted EPS of $1.36 and operating cash flow of $413 million. Bookings during the quarter were $6 billion and on a year-to-date basis, our book-to-bill ratio was around one. Our Missile business brought in over $2 billion in orders during the quarter driven by broad-based demand from U.S. and the international customers. At our other businesses, the pipeline remains healthy. We continue to see strong demand. We also see a continuation of the congestion that we discussed on our prior conference calls and webcast that impacted timing of awards. I'd like to put it in perspective. We really don't see the if issue, just when, and in this environment, when is a little more difficult to predict. Given that, the onus is on us to further reduce our cycle times. We have an internal push to increase speed, and we applaud the government's efforts to increase efficiency and reform export control. I think that's good for both sides. Within this environment of challenges and opportunities, we continue to execute well. Our strong program performance, coupled with Six Sigma and lean processes to take cost out of our business, is reflected in our results during the quarter. Our updated outlook for the year and our competitive position also reflects this domestically and internationally. Our customers in the U.S. are dealing with challenges. What I'm hearing from the DoD [Department of Defense] leadership is that the Department needs to continue to invest in capabilities to defeat threats to national security. At the same time, economic conditions require an increased focus on controlling costs on both sides. We support the DoD's overall objectives to prioritize spending, improve efficiency, reward contractors that deliver strong program performance, and we stand ready to help. On the International side, our business is strong and continues to grow. International sales from the third quarter are up 11%, reaching 24% of our total sales. Again, the driver is the threat environment which remains high, particularly in the Middle East and parts of Asia. Our customers in these regions have the resources to support the required investments in their security. We have a number of additional important international orders in various stages of the procurement and notification process. If you stand back and look at world events, the threat environment remains high. It hasn't changed. For all of us, this means that we need to get even better at what we do. Raytheon's well positioned for the future. We have outstanding technology, we have a flexible portfolio, and our consistent focus on providing innovative, affordable and proven solutions will ensure that we remain well positioned. To help put that in perspective, we've institutionalized Six Sigma and the philosophy of continuous improvement. We made the tough choices on getting the utilization rates in our factories up. We've invested in common engineering supply chain, financial, IT and HR systems that enable us to design anywhere, manufacturing anywhere and ship from anywhere. And our talent can transfer their knowledge across the company. We have a strong balance sheet for some time now so we have the financial strength to continue to make the right investments in our business and for our shareholders. We are a company that is a consistent performer, with a strong and focused portfolio of programs, and our businesses are well managed. It's a portfolio looked on industry-leading technologies, core capabilities and on opportunities to apply both to meet our customers needs in the U.S. and in the world. Our business model enables us to benefit whether our technologies are used to build new systems or to upgrade existing systems. We support our customers in multiple ways. In closing, we'll continue to work with our customers to deliver products and services they need for mission success. In that regard, the environment today is exactly what it was yesterday. It's all about innovation, performance, affordability and agility, and we strive to be the very best in each of these areas. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening comments, and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slide that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone would please turn to Page 3. Strong operational performance across the company drove our margin, EPS and operating cash flow results during the quarter. Sales were $6.3 billion, which I'll discuss further in a few moments. Adjusted operating margin was 12.9%, up 60 basis points. Our adjusted EPS of $1.36 was up 9%, primarily the result of operational improvements and capital deployment actions. Third quarter 2010 adjusted EPS excludes the FAS/CAS pension adjustment and the favorable tax settlement that we received during the quarter related to multiple prior-year's tax filings. We delivered solid operating cash flow from continuing operations of $413 million, driven primarily by the timing of initiatives related to working capital management. We continue to improve our working capital efficiency and by way of example, we've increased our operational working capital terms from 10.4 four years ago to 17.2 in 2010, and this translates into about $800 million in cash flow. During the quarter, the company repurchased 9.5 million shares of common stock for $425 million, bringing the year-to-date repurchases to 23.7 million shares for about $1.2 billion. After the close, we executed a number of capital deployment actions taking advantage of the favorable market environment. First, the company issued three tranches of long-term debt for $2 billion, 5s, 10s, and 30s with a weighted average coupon of 3.35%. We used approximately $750 million of the net proceeds to fund the redemption of the existing notes due in 2012 and 2013. The expected close is November 5. In addition, last week, we made the $750 million discretionary cash contribution to our pension plans. Turning now to Page 4. Let me provide some more detail on our third quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $6 billion and on a year-to-date basis, were $18.5 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of about one. Missile Systems was the highlight from a bookings perspective with $2.2 billion of new awards during the quarter, including $545 million for the production of AMRAAM missiles, $451 million for the competitively awarded Small Diameter Bomb II and $237million for SM-3. We also booked significant awards for RAAM missiles, the Javelin program, AIM-9X and EKV in addition to winning the competitively awarded Excalibur 1b program. IDS [Integrated Defense Systems] booked $190 million for a TPY-2 radar for the Missile Defense Agency. IDS also booked $104 million on the Zumwalt-class destroyer program and $103 million for the [indiscernible] weapon systems for the U.S. Navy. IIS [Intelligence and Information Systems] booked $447 million on a number of classified contracts, and our NCS [Network Centric Systems] business booked $84 million for airborne tactical communications systems for multiple customers. SAS [Space and Airborne Systems] booked $265 million on a number of classified contracts. SAS also booked $87 million for their production of AESA radars for the U.S. Air Force and Air National Guard. TS booked $306 million on domestic training programs and $121 million on foreign training programs in support of the Warfighter FOCUS activities, and we ended the quarter with a $35.7 billion backlog. If you'd move to Page 5. Relative to our prior guidance, our third quarter sales were impacted by the timing of awards as well as our cost reduction efforts. Focusing on increasing efficiency and taking costs out of the business is part of Raytheon's culture. We're clearly focused on stepping up our efforts in this area. Let me put some color on this. The reduction in costs on our cost-type contracts results in savings on those programs which we pass along to our customers, but also results in lower sales for the company. Now from a margin perspective, the various cost reductions that impact fixed-price programs on our backlog drive margin improvement, and we saw some of this reflected in our Q3 results. Space and Airborne Systems sales were up 9% in the quarter, strengthening their classified business and growth on an international tactical radar program were key contributors. Technical Services sales were up 10%, driven by both domestic and foreign training programs. IDS, IIS and NCS were the businesses most affected by the timing of contract awards. Now moving ahead to Page 6. We delivered strong operational performance. Continued strong program performance was reflected in our adjusted operating margin, which was up by 60 basis points. All of our businesses delivered solid results during the quarter. Missiles, SAS and TS had significant margin expansion, primarily driven by operational improvements. Turning to Page 7. Adjusted EPS in the third quarter 2010 was $1.36, up 9% and on a year-to-date basis, was up 12%. This improvement speaks directly to our continued focus on productivity and cost-efficiency actions. If you now move to Page 8. I'd like to comment on our guidance for the year. Our sales outlook reflects both the timing of awards and the impact of our cost reduction activities. We reduced the high end by $500 million and the low end by $300 million. As we've done in prior years, during the third quarter, we updated our actuarial estimates related to our pension plans. As a result of the update, FAS/CAS pension expense for the year increased by $9 million from $220 million to $229 million. We updated the range of our interest expense to be between $110 million and $115 million, which now reflects the results of our recent debt offering. We also lowered the range of our diluted share count to be between $377 million and $379 million. We reduced our effective tax rate to 24.3%, driven by the favorable tax settlement in Q3. As a reminder, we're assuming that the R&D tax credit extension gets passed in 2010 to work it out $0.07 in earnings per share. We increased the high end of our adjusted EPS for the year by $0.10 to reflect the increase in our expected margin for the year. We see adjusted EPS to be between $5.28 and $5.38. You should note that we also increased our 2010 guidance for GAAP EPS to be between $4.45 and $4.55, which includes the $0.75 reduction, the full year EPS from the U.K. Border Agency program termination in the second quarter, the tax related benefit of $0.45 recorded in the third quarter, the estimated $0.13 charge we'll book in the fourth quarter associated with the make whole provision of the early debt retirement and the $0.39 in full year FAS/CAS pension expense. Our current operating cash flow outlook for the full year of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion now includes the $750 million discretionary cash contribution we made to our pension plans in the fourth quarter. And finally, we increased the low end and narrowed the range of our outlook for ROIC to between 12.3% and 12.6% Overall, our updated outlook for 2010 reflects our ability to drive earnings growth through operational improvements and capital deployment actions. Moving on to Page 9, let me give you a little more detail. The two principal drivers for the updated sales and margin guidance are consistent with what I've already said. Compared to our prior guidance, the lower sales that IDS and NCS are the results of the timing of awards, as well as cost reductions, which again are a key driver in the increase in margins. At MS, SAS and TS, we also see an improved margin outlook. Overall, we're pleased with the results of the operational improvements and the margin we've delivered, while at the same time, passing along savings to our customers. Now we plan to provide you with the details for our 2011 outlook on our fourth quarter conference call in January. By that time, we'll have more clarity on the FY '11 budget, the continuing resolution and the timing of some of our U.S. and international awards. Now with that said, we do want to provide you with some sense of what we're seeing at this point in time. If we have to peg next year today, we're looking at a sales range of 2% to 4% over 2010 and for margins on an adjusted basis, we expect to be in line with this year. And from a cash perspective, we fully expect to continue to deliver strong cash flow as we have in the past. We've also provided an update on how we see FAS/CAS pension expense trending for 2011. So if you would please turn Page 10. We've provided a FAS/CAS pension adjustment matrix for 2011. The shaded area on the matrix reflects our range of estimates for the current environment. We are currently at on a year-to-date asset return basis of slightly over 7%, consistent with our return-on-asset assumption of 8.75%. Just to be clear, the discount rate and the actual asset return won't be known until we close out 2010. As a reminder, the FAS/CAS adjustment is non cash and non operational. It simply reflects the temporary difference between FAS and CAS pension accounting. The key point is that pension cost is recoverable overtime through our rates. Before we open it up for Q&A, let me summarize our third quarter performance and our outlook. Continued improvement in operational performance during the quarter drove margin expansion, strong growth in earnings per share and good cash flow generation. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to address the opportunities and also the challenges in our industry. We have the right strategy, the right capabilities and the discipline to capital deployment plans to drive growth and attractive total shareholder returns. With that, we'll open up the call for questions. Over to you, Marc.
Marc Kaplan: Thanks, Dave. John, would you please remind everyone how to enter the queue for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: On the 2011 guidance, Dave, thanks for the color, could you talk about that within the context of each of the businesses? Where are the growers there, where's the pressure going to be, both on a sales and margin basis?
David Wajsgras: Rob, it's a fair question. It's a little bit early. We're still going through the planning process and we think, it was appropriate to give you some sense of where we where at this point, but to go through each of the businesses at this stage is just, a term my boss uses, it gets out over our tips a little bit.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: Well then, is there any area that is particularly within the range of what Secretary Gates is trying to focus on here with his austerity measures? Do you have any of these advisory services that he seems focused on in the O&M accounts?
William Swanson: No. It's one of the things you all know my feelings on that IT and consulting and those kinds of areas. It's not something Raytheon has gone into. So we look at it and that's not a concern on our part. And rather than call them austerity, to me, I look at them as efficiency initiatives really designed to help protect or increase the DoD modernization and core structure accounts, which is good news for the DoD and industry. The real key here, for all of us, is going to be the implementation and then the consistency of approach. But to answer your question specifically, that's not in our worry bead bucket.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: And then just Dave, just on Space and TS, really outstanding margins there, you mentioned it. Could you go on to a little more detail?
David Wajsgras: Sure. SAS' performance was strong as you just noted. It was driven by a combination of things, primarily program performance, and they are the one segment that was also favorably impacted by mix. In particular, some international sales. It's probably notable that the balance of the businesses from a margin perspective was primarily driven by program performance. Technical Services, again they've been performing strong for quite a while now, that continues. It's essentially their focus on overall efficiency within the group. There was also some relatively small, but it was worth probably 20, 30 basis points, some contract modifications that took place during the quarter. But let me reiterate that overall cost efficiency is what's driving their margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I just want to follow up on the margin question which is if I just look at what your annual guidance is, there's only one quarter to go, and I look at Missile Systems, NCS and SAS, how does the year come down 40, 60 basis points from where you stand at nine months. Is there something that's going on in those three segments that would put a lot of margin pressure in the fourth quarter?
David Wajsgras: Sam, let me just frame this. We've had a very focused effort on productivity and cost improvements. We talked a little bit about that a few minutes ago. We saw some of the benefits in Q3. On a year-to-date basis, I hadn't mentioned this earlier, our adjusted operating margins are up 50 basis points. So the timing of how that margin improvement impacts the year is, by and large, behind us. It happened in the first three quarters simply because of when the programs went into play. Now if you go into the fourth quarter, there was a couple of things happening at some level and some of the businesses, mix does work against us a little bit overall. And secondly, we're starting to think, obviously, about next year and starting to put in place programs that will be more beneficial to next year that will be in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind though that we did improve our overall outlook for margins to 12.1% to 12.3%, and that's pretty healthy. So there's nothing, I guess the takeaway is there's nothing remarkable happening in the fourth quarter, a lot of it is just timing.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: The sales reduction, I guess, for the year of $300 million to $500 million, can you, I guess, talk about how I should think about how much of that might be the program delays versus the cost-plus business where you've lowered the cost?
David Wajsgras: Let me just kind of cut to the chase on this one. If you're looking at say the $300 million that we took the lower end down by, about 2/3 of it relates to program delays and about 1/3 of it relates to cost-improvement activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Access 342.
George Shapiro - Citi: Bill, you mentioned that the international grew 11% in the quarter. So by my quick arithmetic, it implies that the balance of the business, of the domestic business, declined somewhere 2% to 3%. Can you just explain where those declines are occurring, because it seems like the industry is not yet in the mode of declining revenues?
William Swanson: That would be, from my standpoint, it'd be hard to pick any one particular business, but we really see it in program delays. When we put our planning to place, it's hard to figure out all the timing in this environment, as I said in my opening remarks. But if I had to place one place there, I'd probably put it in IDS, and I'd relate that more to the naval area where it's taking a little bit longer to get things done. Plus we went through non bridge [ph] on Zumwalt, which delayed things because when they reduced seven down to three ships, nothing we have done, it changed the whole cost profile. So it's taken us a little while longer to get through that process in my opinion.
George Shapiro - Citi: The program delays, now is this just a function of changing policy with the Carter Initiatives and all? Or is this something that we're just in an environment we're going to hear every quarter, we've got program delays?
William Swanson: No. At least, I hope we don't hear it every quarter, George. I think part of it is when you put in some new initiatives and you're trying to have everybody do their capability-based studies and go through it, it adds delay in the process. And as I said earlier, the real question here is what's the implementation going to be like and then the consistency of approach. And sometimes, people wait to see that before they go do things. From my standpoint, I think everyone in the industry, as we sit with DoD, we're trying to work through it. But let me just say that's one aspect of it. I think the onus is on us, and we're taking a look at everything we can do in this company to speed up our processes. I don't accept that things take longer, and if there's anything we can do on our side of the equation, then it's incumbent on us to go do that and that's what we're doing here. But I don't think this is a long-term area that's going to hit us for a long time, at least that's not my view.
David Wajsgras: George, let me just add one thing, because like always here, you're correct in your analytics there. If we look at the fourth quarter, we are expecting growth both on the domestic and the foreign side. Domestic should be somewhere between, say, 4% and 6% over last year's fourth quarter and double-digit growth again from an international standpoint. And then taking it one more step, I think this is important from a book-to-bill standpoint, we expect to exceed one both domestically and internationally as we close out the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Troy Lahr with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Given the cost-savings initiatives that you guys are implementing, and I would assume more favorable international mix next year towards higher margins, I guess, why are margins just in line? And when you say in line, are you talking about including the FAS/CAS headwinds that you might be facing next year?
David Wajsgras: No. I was talking operating or adjusted margins, number one. Margins are improved substantially this year as we close out 2010 relative to the what we had expected when we started out 2010. Now what's important is that the cost-reduction programs are basically serving two purposes, and I talked about that a little bit a moment ago so let me repeat it, it's important. One is we passed along a lot of these savings to our customer, that's number one. Number two is you are right, the cost reductions will add to margins over time, because they directly impact our fixed-price backlog programs. But as you know, if you move forward and put new contracts in place, we also pass those savings along to our customers. With all that said, it's early, 12.1% to 12.3% is healthy starting point, and we're, at this stage, comfortable with that range of guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Buckingham Research Group.
Richard Safran - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I've been noticing on the DSCA [Defense Security Cooperation Agency] website a number of proposed sales of Raytheon products, some nearly $1 billion. You've been noting international sales is 24% growing double digit in 4Q. Am I right, one, is that seems a bit better than you expected initially? And I wanted to know, I know you're not providing specific 2011 guidance, but could you comment directionally on foreign sales as a percent in 2011?
William Swanson: Let's put it in perspective right now where we're at. Sales were about 24% of Q3, we've had double-digit growth there. We expect our international bookings this year to be in the 24% to 26%. We expect sales to be in the 22% to 24% range. So it kind of gives you a feel of where that's going. From our standpoint, we see a little bit of the same as we keep going here in the next year. Clearly, for us, we've got some international awards and the timing of those scheduled here in the fourth quarter. Some of those may go into January. It's really hard to peg them right now, but we're pushing hard to go do that. So from my standpoint, internationally, 2011 feels a lot like 2010, and we intend to keep pushing the international because it's one of our strong suits in our company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: If you could give us a little more detail where international orders were in the third quarter? And if I just do the quick math, if you're going to do at least $6.3 billion, $6.4 billion for the year, it looks like you have a strong foreign book to bill in the final quarter, and if U.S. is also over one, is your full year order bogey still 26.5 or has it moved up?
William Swanson: Cai, we kept the bogey the same. The hard part, you're younger than I am but we've both been around a long time, we know that the international is tough to peg. And for us, we have got Saudi Config-3 out there, we're in the final stages of Ts and Cs there. Turkey Patriot will have an announcement at the end of the year there which way Turkey is going. For us next year, we've also got Taiwan and Kuwait in there. They haven't started their LOA process yet, but we expect those. We also expect the TPY-2 radar to start having international sales mid next year. Those are a couple of hundred million dollars radar packages when you put all the support and services, everything, together. We also have an Australia program, we've won down there, and because of the recent elections, that's delayed the process. We expect the country to still buy. So that the order pipeline is there, we can see them all, we can touch them. Our job is to nudge them over the goal line or kick them over the goal line, one or the other, if that helps.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Could you maybe comment a little bit more on, there's this proposed F-15 sale to the Saudi's which has a fair amount of your gear, as you know...
David Wajsgras: It's a good question, Cai, and I should've mentioned it and thanks for bringing it up. That notification is a large number. It contains everything for everybody plus government cost in there, so that's why it's a big number. For us, we probably expect $3 billion plus in that particular release, plus we've got others in the notification cycle and some getting ready to go into the notification cycle. And for somebody like me, you can see them, you want to go grab them and pull them, and that's what were trying to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Dave, I'd like to go back to the margin issue and what you're guiding for Q4. You said that mix is going to be negative against you in Q4, and that's why your guidance implies the margin comes down. Going forward though, can we expect the margins to be a little bit more stable or is this sort of volatility quarter-to-quarter? Is that we should expect?
David Wajsgras: Well, we've had some nice improvement in the first nine months of the year. This year, as I mentioned, we have stepped up the cost-reduction programs and those, depending on timing of implementation, we'll move the margins at a particular point in time. Going forward, I would suggest that it's likely a little more level loaded, quarter-to-quarter, as you're comparing to prior year's same quarter. But again, Bill mentioned it during his commentary earlier, I did as well, there was just a lot of activity. We'll continue that moving forward, but I think today, I would say we're in a good pace and cadence relative to productivity programs and expect sort of continued improvement over the long term.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And just as a follow up on the cost front. Have there been any one off, like redundancy costs or site-closure costs that have occurred in this quarter that won't be there going forward?
David Wajsgras: I'm glad you asked that. The answer is there's nothing, there's no significant or unique event that moved the margins from an overall company perspective this quarter. It's just a multitude of different cost-reduction activities that we have been working on and will continue to work on.
William Swanson: And I would add, Dave, that when you look at the cost reductions, they're across the board. They're not only in direct and indirect, they're not only in support and touch, they're also in material, they're in scrap, they're in rework, all our businesses are attacking everything they can do because now is the time to have your cost structure in the best possible shape you can have. That's what our customers want, and that's what we're going to go do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan Securities.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Back on the margin topic, maybe let me ask this a slightly different way because it's really is what you've been doing year-to-date and your outlook for the fourth quarter, what you're saying for next year, the numbers do move around quite a bit. If you take 12.9% you did in the quarter and you take out all key adjustments, some of which were performance, good performance, some of which were related to your cost take-out actions that you've been taking. What was that 12.9%? Does that look more like 12.5% or lower 12%? And then, Dave, can you quantify, you talked about some of the cost-savings actions that in Q4 that might be a little bit more material than what you've incurred year-to-date, which hasn't really been material, and that's one of the reasons that you're looking for, by my math, 10.7% adjusted margins? Can you quantify, maybe, how much the Q4 number is below the ongoing run rate?
David Wajsgras: It might be easier to give you a little bit of detail around this. So I think that is by the what you're getting at. So if you look at IDS, we've increased guidance 20 basis points to reflect improved performance and cost reductions. Again, nothing unique. It's a lot of the programs we've been talking about, Bill just went through that. From an IIS perspective, they've been impacted primarily by the period costs that will incur as a result of the termination, and that's worth about 20 basis points. Q3 and year-to-date from a missile standpoint, higher than guidance, driven by, again, the timing of the productivity improvements, we're increasing the year by 20 basis points. Again, no particular issue, no particular area, it's just overall cost reductions. NCS, again, SAS continues to perform well, there's nothing unique there. I talked about SAS earlier having a little bit of favorable impact as a result of mix. TS, I mentioned the favorable contract modification earlier being worth about 20 basis points. So I think if you're standing back, you're looking for something unique to say, "Well, there was one event that impacted margins 30 or 40 basis points on the quarter and it's normalized at 12.5%," I think that's frankly the wrong way to look at it. I'll go back to what I said before, it's simply the timing of when we put into our EACs, the impact of these cost-reduction actions. Once they're firm and in place, we're able to take that benefit, and it was notable in Q3, again, throughout the year, and it's just a timing between where we are now and where we'll be as we exit the year.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And the 10.7, relative to the run rate, how much do have in there for actual non-recurring costs?
David Wajsgras: For actual non-recurring costs?
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: In Q4, yes. You mentioned in your comments that you're preparing for next year. So what's the number in there?
David Wajsgras: Again, we really don't look at it like that. There is nothing, again, these are just programs we're putting in place. We have 15,000 different contracts, so there's not one area to spike out to say there is a big non-recurring event in Q4.
William Swanson: Let me kind of help with the mix. The way I think about it we have about 23 contracts that make up 25% of our business. The next 25% of our business is represented by 96 contracts. The remaining 50% is driven by 15,000 contracts. So when you look at it, there's a lot there. And so the way we run this place is we drive for efficiency, we drive for productivity and we pass those savings on, we set the baseline lower next time in the cost structure and we challenge ourselves to keep driving the margins up.
David Wajsgras: And let me just close out the question based on what Bill just said. Joe, your math is right as well, just like one of your colleagues earlier. With that said, we are continuing to push on a margin-improvement program that could impact the fourth quarter. I want to make sure everybody's on the same page. This is what we're seeing today. We have outperformed our own expectations year-to-date. We're continuing to look at various areas of opportunity. And again, closing out the year at 12.1% to 12.3% is pretty healthy.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Bill, maybe just a non numbers one for you. Just on this e-Borders situation from last quarter, three months have gone by now, any update, any debriefing you've gotten out of the U.K. or any additional thoughts on what happened and what might happen?
William Swanson: First, let me say the system we delivered is operational. They're using it, and it's providing actionable data. So it's not a performance issue on my part, the way I look at it. We are in litigation, and we've started that process and I still feel as strong, if not stronger, on Raytheon's position, if that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research: On the export control reform initiatives. Could you give us a sense of how material the impact may be, once it goes through Congress? Are we seeing something that would significantly change the way in which you pursue international contracts?
William Swanson: I'll break it up into two categories. The categories that we've determined that there are other sources and that we've tried to protect something that we shouldn't protect, that will expedite the process considerably. I would almost say, by a guess, I could cut it in half. On the stuff that is critical that we want to protect, I think the process will get better but it will not decrease in half, if I had to say, that might be a 10%, 15% improvement. But when we think about all of this, this is from a standpoint of DoD or state, and I believe that commerce will now get involved in a number of the license activities, and that will be more on a commercial basis and that will be for things that DoD does not want to protect us much. And so overall, the stuff that we sell around the world that isn't in the Missile business or Air Defense, I expect those will move a lot quicker.
Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research: But if you were to look forward and think how that might impact your revenues on international, are we looking at something that would materially change that above the level of bookings you have now?
William Swanson: No, I don't think I would say materially change it. For us, it's going to allow us to focus even more on the ones we need to and the others will be on a routine kind of process. It's mainly how quick can we get them in here, so it's a timing issue. From our standpoint, you'd see how much we get released. We sell in 80 countries around the world, so we can do business internationally. This is all about can we do it quicker and bring the orders in. And that's what everybody's trying to do because there's a lot of calories spent on this area.
Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research: Bill, I've known you a long time and you've never been a big fan of debt. So the decision to issue $2 billion in debt to the make a contribution to the pension, this all, I think, makes great sense. But is there a change in your philosophy in how you look at debt and the capital structure of the company going forward?
William Swanson: I guess the way I look at it, when you can get debt at five years at 1 5/8, even somebody that doesn't like debt has to look at it and sit there and say, can you make your balance sheet and your operations more efficient. And even an engineer like me can understand that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Steve.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: It sounded like you, built to a prior question, you were talking about international growing double digits again next year, which in the context of 2% to 4% total growth for the company for next year, it would seem to imply domestic flat to down, is that right? And if so, can you give a little bit of color around that?
William Swanson: Well, Dave and I were trying to peg it. We've noticed not everybody's looking out and giving some guidance here, and we wanted to give you kind of a feel. And what really determines that, and I hate to say it, is the timing. And when the timing moves to the right, you don't pick up everything you've lost, and that's the hard part here. And so when we look at the timing on the international, we want things that we've got in our forecast to happen. And as Dave pointed out in his remarks, it's where we stand today. We need to see what's going to happen on the fiscal year '11 budget, the continuing resolution. My gut feel says that we're going to operate on that into next year. And so those things have a real effect on your domestic growth and then right on top of that, we're going to be looking at fiscal year '12. So we try to give you a peg at where we think it is and the timing that we see on things. But at this point in time, the end of October, there's a lot influx more so than I can remember in the past, but we still felt confident giving you the numbers we did.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Dave, unfortunately a couple of questions on pension. Just want to be clear that the sensitivity table you gave includes the $750 million contribution. And then what is your total contribution you're expecting for this year? And then any color, you had talked about '12 and '13 coming down a fair amount off of '11. It's now obviously changed a bit, but any kind of thoughts on '12 and '13?
David Wajsgras: So this year the gross contribution will be about $1.9 billion. On a net basis, about $1.2 billion. As we're looking ahead, if you assume, which is not an unreasonable assumption, that we maintain the long-term asset return assumption at 8.75%, discount rate environment stays, let's just peg the number at 5.25%. Next year, we'd be looking at a gross funding of about $1 billion and on a net basis, about $300 million. And as we go forward, if you're interested in the FAS/CAS accounting difference, we expect '11, again under those same assumptions, to be between $450 million and $500 million for '11. '12 would be say, between $200 million to $250 million. Now importantly and I'm glad you asked this, see, if the interest rate environment were to adjust and the discount rate say, moved to 6.25%, the FAS/CAS differences would improve from a P&L standpoint by about $200 million favorable.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: That's in '12 or '11?
David Wajsgras: That's in '11 and '12.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Gleacher & Company.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Bill, it's hard to talk about, can you talk about some of the classified perspective from a growth perspective, what you're seeing domestically and in international? I mean you've indicate classified to be up double digits, I think year-over-year this year. I mean are you seeing or hearing any changes in those budgets and I'm just thinking from a growth perspective because it's not something that we have much insight into.
William Swanson: Let me give you some color here. Sales were about 14% of the total this quarter. If we're looking towards the year, we expect bookings this year to be around 14%, and we expect sales for the year to be up above 14%. So we see double-digit growth in that area this year. We see, looking into next year from what we can see right now, classified continuing to grow with some strength for the company, we've had a number of tech wins in that area that we think we're going to continue to do well. Our technology growth has almost been sea red and so forth, almost double digit. It's high single-digit in a budget that's probably around 2%. So we've really been taking market share and the technology and that's why we have so many programs that are under $10 million. But they're the seed corn and they lead to some of our larger programs that we have today, if that helps.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: And what are you seeing, just regarding, it's kind of related to this though on the M&A front, we're seeing a lot of properties in this area in classified that are going at big multiples. Do you still see like there's opportunities for you to add in capabilities? I'm thinking of the great BBN acquisition which gave you Boomerang which it sounds like the penetration there. Are those systems continue to grow much higher. So can you just talk a little bit about that?
William Swanson: Yes. We're continuing to look. Our M&A strategy hasn't changed. If I could find one, two or three more BBNs, I'd do those in a heartbeat. There's not those falling of a tree everyday. For us, we've closed one, the second one will close. We have technology associates that are leading provider of data extraction and analysis and exploitation. I'll say that much and stop there. The other one is a trusted computer systems. We expect to close that next month. They really provide cybersecurity solutions to our customers. Clearly, what they do is provide domain solutions that allow classified levels to be shared on the same network around computer operating systems, and it gives me an opportunity to highlight one of our teams. The Distributed Common Ground System, DCGS, you've heard me talk about it in the past, but we just completed with the Air Force, the successful evaluation of DCGS at Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany. What DCGS does is it supports multiple ISR platforms, satellites, manned, unmanned systems. To me, I refer to it in the company and outside the company, it's like Google with a clearance. No offense to Google, but DCGS allows you to move data around. And what's important to it for us, as we look to the future, worldwide intelligence is going to even take on a bigger role, if you think about it. And how do you look at that information across the globe and sort it out and share at multiple classified areas and, that's what we're lining ourselves up to be able to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: So I wanted to go a little deeper into the missile defense portfolio in a couple of ways. One is on the potential there for termination under that scenario. What is the incremental opportunity for your portfolio? And then second in a related business, with respect to the MDA's [Missile Defense Agency] decision on SM-3 Block IIB to openly compete that. Can you talk about how we should think about that specifically in your program? And if you're seeing that in other areas that might put kind of minimum margin pressure ?
William Swanson: Yes. I think from our standpoint, as on me, that's something for the government to sort out. They'll be going through that. It's a big program, lots of money. And in this tight budget, the way I look at it, it satisfies three customers, Patriot satisfies the minimum 12 around the world, and people will decide what they want to do in that process. I'm highly biased so you know my answer. But I think from our standpoint, Patriot is the most capable air defense system in the world for both air breathers, ballistic missiles, aircraft and crews and there's nothing else like it, and put Patriot up against anything in the world for that matter. So we expect Patriot to be around a long time, and so from that standpoint, there could be an upside depending on what the decision is there. But I'll let people that have to make that choice make it. Regarding Standard Missile, we have a family of Standard Missile, we have IA, IB, IIA, IIBs. The IIA was just increased in funding about 25%. It's the one that's got a very successful flight-test program. And for us, we're a company that competes every place we go, so competition really doesn't frighten us. People didn't think we were going to win Small Diameter Bomb but low and behold, the company did that. Our customers told us we significantly provide them better mission capability, making our technical approach, we won the strength of our tri-mode seeker, our innovative warhead technology and our aircraft integration and our past performance was rated exceptional. So from my standpoint, competition doesn't bother me. We're prepared to go head to head with anybody especially in the missile business. So I realize what MDA has to do, but when we start talking about something in 2020 and 2025, that's a long ways out, and a lot of things can happen between now and then.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: Your performance is not an issue so I mean it seems like this is their way of inserting competition into an area where the incumbent is performing well, and so the upside is cost savings. So I'm curious if you're seeing this in other areas of your portfolio and if you think that's a change from the past?
William Swanson: I'd just go back. People that know me, I've been doing this a long time. We competed on AMRAAM, we competed on Maverick, we've competed on Missile Systems. And for Raytheon's history, and every time we've done that, we've found a way to get the cost down, we've found a way to get the reliability up, we've found a way to get the performance even better. And doing all of that, we still delivered consistently high margins, and I don't expect that to change.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess I'm confused with the lack of official '11 guidance. You guys have provided the initial look with the third quarter report for several years in a row, and you're talking about a continuing resolution but many of those years in the past, we had a continuing resolution. Are things just very, very dynamic and less visible in this industry right now? It would seem like with industry calling for slow, steady growth, that it would maybe not be as challenging to predict that.
William Swanson: You know what's going to happen here in the elections and on the second? I won't put you on the spot, but I mean there's a confluence of things going on so part of it is that...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: But things like that, we've gone through in the past, I guess...
William Swanson: No, not like this where we've got 23 new initiatives, we've got an economy not, only domestically but internationally, that's equivalent to one of the biggest recessions in history. I don't think I've gone through one of these in my last 39 years like this. And so my point is, this is different, and I think we're somewhat unique in the guidance we're giving you at this point. If I read what others have done, there's not a lot out there. So we try to do as much as we can knowing what's there, but Congress is going to change. And when it changes, it delays things. And so that's the whole issue, it's the timing, really, it's not the if. That's not my concern. My concern is can I predict what's going to happen here, and we've got some unknowns and I'm not concerned about that because I think the company will continue to do well.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Technical Services continues to really grow rapidly and show very good margin. Similar lines of business that other companies are struggling there with revenue and margin pressure. How are you differentiating there? Is it the Warfighter FOCUS program? Maybe just an update on that segment.
William Swanson: I think the way I would describe it is we found a way to do the training aspect or education aspect of the job, I think better than others. Our commercial experience here, doing it for GM, Chrysler, Opel and others have helped us take and cut down the amount of time that's spent in that area. To give you an example, we call it compression. If you can cut down your training cost by anywhere from 20% to 30% and up the retention factor at the same time, that's what our customers are looking for, and that's something we can offer. We have proven results in that area. And this is in the O&M side where customers really want innovation. We think we have it, and we also see other areas where we can expand it, not necessarily in the DoD arena, and we'll probably hear some more about that in the future.
Marc Kaplan: I'd like to close by thanking everyone for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in learning more about our company, our recent performance and our outlook, and we look forward to speaking with you again in our fourth quarter conference call in January. John?
William Swanson: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 09:30:00) =====
Executives: David Wajsgras - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President William Swanson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Marc Kaplan - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc. George Shapiro - Citi Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon Second Quarter 2010 Results Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Marc Kaplan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kaplan, please proceed.
Marc Kaplan: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following the live call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. Well start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then well move on to questions. Please limit your questions to one per caller to allow for broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and that we discuss in detail in our SEC filing. Bill?
William Swanson: Thank you, Marc. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that our underlying results during the quarter and execution of our strategy continued to show growth for the year. Our strategy is well aligned with our customers' needs and we're well positioned for the future. Bookings in the quarter were solid, and on a year-to-date basis our book-to-bill ratio is greater than one. Our adjusted profit margin came in better than we expected, driven by continued operational improvements. Our adjusted EPS in the quarter was up 11%, and we delivered good cash flow. Overall, the business has performed as we expected. The fundamentals remain strong. As previously reported, we received some disappointing news last week. And as you saw in our press release this morning, we took a charge on the termination of a program with the U.K. Border Agency. Under accounting requirements, the company recognized this charge in Q2. Dave will provide you with a little more color on that, as well as our overall financial performance in the quarter and our full year outlook in just a moment. It's ironic that we received this notification last week after a recent report by the Ministry of Defense in the U.K., our largest customer, ranked us in the top tier of its key suppliers; we're told, the only U.S. company. They highlighted our overall performance and our focus on continuous improvement.  We also just wrapped up a successful air show at Farnborough. During the air show we have the opportunity to meet with many of our U.S. and international customers. In fact, we had more customer meetings at Farnborough than ever before, with over 900 meetings including 41 delegations from 34 countries. I was encouraged by what I heard about our company and the level of interest in what we do. And I wanted to share a few of those key highlights in terms of what our customers were interested in. They were focused on our air and missile defense capabilities, especially around Global Patriot, Standard Missile-3, our TPY-2 ground-based radars, significant interest in our unique cyber capabilities, and we generated a lot of excitement with the successful test of our new Phalanx Laser System. We shot down four UAVs during an exercise in June and as we said at the show, it was a good day for lasers and a bad day for UAVs. There was a lot of customer excitement about our use of Radar technology, not only for new aircraft going forward but also to retrofit current aircraft, like our a radar for the F-16. Our U.K. ASTOR program also attracted a lot of attention and we are pleased to have our U.K. MoD customer on-site talking about the success of ASTOR and [ph] Theatre (10:11). In fact, the aircraft did a flyover for the show.  We generated a lot of interest in our Air Traffic Management and our Command and Control Solutions. And there were numerous discussions about our Advanced Training Solutions, and many of our customers see them as a way to help reduce their O&M costs. The plane ride home gave me time to reflect on our accomplishments over the past several years. We have successfully reshaped and focused our portfolio and continue to see solid opportunities for future growth. We have the technology and capabilities our customers want, and that enable them to do more with not more. In other word, in my words, the things they need are the things we do and we do them well.  Our customers are working to ensure that their budgets are priority-driven, and that programs are meeting expectations on cost, schedule, capability, all of which are key areas of expertise for us. We differentiate ourselves in the market not only based on innovative solutions, but on our performance, and that includes our internal process improvements. These have been attracting positive attention from customers around the world as they look for ways to increase their own organizations productivity. We streamlined our IT systems across the company, we've enhanced our shared services organizations, and we've recently announced that we're building a new standard missile production facility at Huntsville, Alabama. We're leveraging state-of-the-art automation to enhance quality and safety and deliver low-cost products to Missile Defense Agency and U.S. Navy customers and our international customers. With that, I want to leave time for questions, so let me wrap up by saying the company's underlying performance in the quarter was solid. We expect to continue to perform well in the second half of the year, and we're optimistic about our future.  With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, Ill be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. So if everyone could please move to Page 3.  As Bill mentioned last week, the U.K.'s home office decided to terminate our efforts on a Border Agency program. This unusual event had an impact both on the second quarter and our full year outlook. Q2 net sales were reduced by $316 million, and income from continuing operations and EPS were reduced by $395 million and $0.71 per share, respectively.  To more clearly explain our operating performance, I'll be speaking to our results and outlook on an adjusted basis. And just to clarify, the adjusted results exclude the program termination and the FAS/CAS pension adjustment. The underlying performance of the company during the quarter was strong and our full year outlook remains on track. Adjusted operating margin was 12.6%, up 30 basis points. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.36 was up 11%, driven by strong operational performance as well as capital deployment actions.  We generated solid operating cash flow from continuing operations of $400 million, which was better than expected, driven primarily by working capital management. This year's second quarter included $73 million in higher cash tax payments compared to the second quarter of 2009. The company repurchased 8.6 million shares of common stock for $475 million, bringing the year-to-date repurchases to 14.2 million shares for $775 million. Turning to Page 4, let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $5.9 billion and on a year-to-date basis were $12.4 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio greater than one. In the second quarter, IDS booked $317 million to provide advanced Patriot Air and Missile defense capability for an international customer. IIS booked $80 million on a data and information system contract for NASA. IIS also booked $371 million on a number of classified contracts. Missile Systems booked $234 million for SM-3 for the Missile Defense Agency; $223 million for Phalanx Weapons Systems for the U.S. Navy, U.S. Army and international customers; $150 million for Miniature Air Launched Decoys for the U.S. Air Force; and $123 million for Evolved Sea Sparrow Missiles for the U.S. Navy and international customers. Our NCS business booked $100 million on a Command and Control program for an international customer. SAS booked $160 million on two international tactical radar programs. They also booked $563 million on a number of classified contracts, including $355 million on a major classified program. TS booked $399 million on domestic training programs and $136 million on foreign training programs in support of the Warfighter FOCUS activities. TS also booked $95 million to provide operational and logistic support to the National Science Foundation, Office of Polar Programs. We ended the quarter with a $36 billion backlog. If everyone could please move to Page 5. If you exclude the impact of the termination, our sales were in line with our expectations. IDS, Missile System and NCS net sales were up modestly in the second quarter compared with the same period last year. Space and Airborne Systems had net sales of $1.2 billion in the quarter, up 5% on the strength of their classified business. And finally, Technical Services had second quarter 2010 net sales of $834 million, up 7%, driven by both domestic and foreign training programs. Our diverse portfolio of businesses, all focused on customers priority areas, supports continued positive outlook for the company. Moving ahead to Page 6. We delivered strong operational performance in the quarter. Our adjusted operating margin was up 30 basis points. Looking at the business margins, IDS had solid results in the quarter. The 90 basis point increase in margin was primarily due to higher volume on international Patriot programs and improved program performance. Excluding the impact of the program termination, margins at IIS would have been up on a year-over-year basis. Missile Systems margin in the quarter was up 100 basis points, also driven by strong program performance across numerous programs.  And NCS margins in Q2 were in line with the same period in 2009.  At SAS, you may recall that last year's Q2 margin benefited from a favorable contractual settlement which accounted for about 50 basis points of margin. Second quarter 2010 margin at SAS was in line with our expectations. And finally, TS margin in the quarter was up 200 basis points, primarily due to improved program performance driven primarily by cost efficiencies on various training programs. You should also note that contract modifications impacting scope on certain training programs did have a positive impact on the TS margin in the quarter as well. Overall, our adjusted operating margin continues to be strong. Turning now to Page 7. 2nd quarter 2010 adjusted EPS was $1.36, up 11% and year-to-date was up 14%, primarily driven by operational improvements.  If you turn to Page 8, I'd like to comment on our updated outlook for the year. We expect continued growth in sales and adjusted EPS in 2010. As a reminder, we're assuming that the R&D tax credit extension gets passed in 2010 and its worth about $4.07 in earnings per share. Moving on to Page 9. We've provided additional color on our outlook for the full year. Overall, our businesses are executing well and our margin profile remains strong. However, we did reduce the outlook for IIS.  On Page 10, we provided our outlook on how we see sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations in the third and fourth quarters. Before we open it up for questions and answers, let me summarize our second quarter performance. The impact of last week's termination of the U.K. Border Agency program obscured what was otherwise another very solid quarter with good sales, EPS and cash flow.  Our balance sheet remains very strong, and we're confident about our future. We're well positioned and we expect to continue to deliver solid results for our customers and for our shareholders.  With that, we'll open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: Could you give us maybe a feel for the termination of the U.K. contract, maybe in the broader context of just what's going on in terms of austerity and the changing defense environment?
William Swanson: Yes, Ron. It's Bill. Let me get some facts on the table to start with regarding e-Borders. The system went operational in May of '09. That's in our terms, and you'd recognize it as IOC, initial operational capability. The system has been operating since then. We brought online a state-of-the-art facility in March of '10 this year. It's an interagency facility in the U.K., state-of-the-art, an unbelievable sight when you look at it, in what it does with the hundreds if not thousands of people that are being trained. The systems working. It's providing operational and actionable data. I could probably say it in these terms, thousands of bad guys have been caught that shouldn't have been coming in or going out. And the next operational drop would have been just in a few months in October, and we were all set to do that drop. So I want to make sure everybody understands this is not an issue about Raytheon being able to do the job or perform. It's a different kind of issue that's taking place in the U.K. with some of the issues that they face. I think for me, it was in contrast to what I saw at the air show. We have customers that are looking for innovative solutions to doing things in a different way to give them the capability with not having to do more. And so I just want to contrast it in that I think what I would say is there is a little bit of congestion in the system from a standpoint that we have a lot of things going on. And it probably takes a little longer, but I haven't seen things disappear other than the termination; and those that have been around long enough understand that Raytheon will take all the actions necessary to show that we have done what we said we were going to do. And I won't talk about the litigation strategy in public, but you can expect someone like me to fully defend the company's honor.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: But do you think it's an indicator, though, of what's going on in the defense backdrop?
William Swanson: No, I think people are trying to understand the economy. I wish I had all the answers for everything, but what we need is the vision, what do we need to do, we have to make hard decisions. If you look at Raytheon, we figured there was going to be a time when budgets wouldn't grow as much and how did we have a portfolio that was in the right area? How did we have the right capabilities? I think we have the right leadership in the company to create value in that regard. And we've got ourselves ready for this. And you've got to be able to be fast and be able to do things. And I dont think we should paint the whole world the way one country is, each country's going to be different. We see the Mideast with different wants and needs than we see in Europe. And some countries are going to have to make harder decisions. But the one thing Ive learned, and I kind of relate it to my personal life and anybody that's got home security systems. If they're not working you're going to get them fixed. If you don't get them fixed, you're going to have to face the risk. And my point is, is I don't see nations taking huge risks with protecting their country. That's Bill Swanson's view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Gleacher, Inc.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Dave, could you just maybe give us a little bit focus on maybe Q3 in terms of -- you always give us good color on the cadence. It just seems that its a little lighter than we were expecting? And maybe, Bill, is it just more timing-related, youve talked a lot about the international difficulties in terms of always predicting when the orders or bookings flow through?
William Swanson: Well let the oracle go first here.
David Wajsgras: Well, let me start out by saying, full year guidance, adjusted for the termination, up 3% to 5%, is unchanged and we're comfortable with the full year sales guidance. Now Q3 from a sales standpoint was impacted at some level by the termination of e-Borders. We had expected some level of sales. As a matter of fact in the back half of the year, we had expected in the neighborhood of $100 million to $140 million in sales from e-Borders, split between the two quarters basically evenly. But you were right in the way you phrased your question. The timing on some of the awards between first half and second half does impact the cadence in Q3. So if you're looking at it from an earnings standpoint, there is some impact again relative to the termination and, in particular, the associated period costs of unwinding the program. There's cost and efficiency improvements that we achieved earlier in the year. Some were anticipated for Q3. We were able to move them ahead, which is obviously a plus up for the company. And I guess taking everything together, we're comfortable with the year. The cadence did shift slightly but given everything we're still positive on the outlook.
William Swanson: And regarding predictability of international, I think from my standpoint Id say that's where theres little congestion. I think Secretary Gates got it right when he said export control is important. How do we streamline that? I think those of us that are in the business, we see international sales as a great way to help reduce the cost to our U.S. customers. After all, if we're putting a load into our facilities, those loads help absorb some of the overhead, which helps reduce the price. So one of the things that were working with and I know AIA is, is how we continue to work that because it's not the fastest system in the world. And I'm not faulting anybody, but if we could cut the time in half that would be huge savings not only to the U.S. but to our international customers because theyre looking for some kind of specificity to when they want something, when can they get approved and when can we start doing it. And we've got a lot of international stuff in the queue here. So the department's trying to designate a lead senior official to go do this. They're also trying to work on a comprehensive program licensing management model, how do we do things in 60 days or so? How do we make sure we protect the things we need to protect? Protecting everything doesn't work. And then the other aspect of it is, how do we get the notification processes done a little bit quicker out of state, into the hills, so that we can make decisions. But right now, I would say there's some congestion in the system. And we're all working really hard to get that through. And then I think we need to understand that the more of our allies that are compatible with us, the less burden it will put on us here in the U.S. I realize Im highly biased, but for a company that does a lot on the international arena, speeding up this process would be good for us, but it's also good for others.
Peter Arment - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: And you mentioned the congestion, but there are also  I think when we were at the air show, we heard about other opportunities, for example, like Poland. Can you just maybe highlight that?
William Swanson: Yes. People -- the good part is, the U.S. and U.S. suppliers, Raytheon and our other partners or others in the industry, we have a good reputation for delivering good products that are affordable, do what they supposed to do and have good growth and they work for a long time. And so that's not lost on our international customers. The thing we've got to do is figure out as a country how we make it easier for them to buy. And they're looking for predictability. And the longer it takes, they don't want to have their countries exposed. It's like my analogy to my home security system. If I can't buy it from somebody, I'm going to go to where I can get it. So it's incumbent on all of us to work this. And I applaud the Department for taking this on. This is a hard topic. It's a little bit like boiling the ocean, but Secretary Gates, the Department and others are making it a priority and we're supporting them in any way we can. But you hit the nail on the head. There were discussions this year. People want products, and I felt good about what they were telling about our products. It was a busy show.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: Bill, could you -- going back to the U.K. Border thing -- to the extent that you can, can you talk a little bit more about what we read from the Ministry last week, and the fact that Raytheon was -- according to them, the contract's been in breach for a year, and to what extent that makes sense? It's my understanding they're using the system. I think you said earlier, it's working. And now they continue to use it yet theyre not paying for it, or ostensibly theyve stopped because youve been terminated?
William Swanson: Yes, you got it right. And let me tell you -- I'm a little bit of a dinosaur. I've been here going on my 39th year. This is my first one ever like this. And so I don't take it lightly, the company doesn't take it lightly. And we'll go pursue the various options that we have. But you hit the nail on the head. And so other than that, there's not much more I can say. There are always issues that take place during the contract. And both parties work those out. And since I can say that it's been hundreds of thousands of programs that I've worked on, when you have your first one you kind of question -- and you don't really question in the sense when another part of the same country is sitting there, putting accolades on the company. So that's the best way for me to say it. You're smart. You figured it out.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: Has the entire team been terminated?
William Swanson: That we don't know yet. They're going to have to figure out what they're going to go do. I'm sure they're not going to shut the system down. They're getting actionable data. And they're catching bad people. And one of the things I'm proud of is Raytheon has delivered that system. It works. It is state-of-the-art, one of the largest databases in the world. We manage it effortlessly. So Ill let it go at that.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: Can you give us a little bit of color on the cyber markets, how theyve evolved, your cyber markets, how those have evolved? Over the past few quarters, youve made some acquisitions and are clearly active here. And how should cyber evolve from here? So going back a few quarters to forward a few quarters.
William Swanson: Yes, I think if I go back quite a few quarters, I think -- we've been talking about it for about two and a half years, I think we were the first in the market to look at it -- and from my standpoint, understanding the vulnerabilities makes me, I guess a zealot I would call it that way. And so you kind of believe that everybody believes what you do, and that things are going to happen really quick. I think if you look at the administration and others, this started to get a lot of attention, but the attraction didn't happen as quick as what people would have anticipated. For us, we had the three-pronged approach. We wanted to protect ourselves. If you look at the amount of activity, it's probably in the billions that happened to us. And Six Sigma results don't work here, because if you have 4.6 faults per million, people are going to break into everything you have when they can attack you in the billions of attacks. So for us, we wanted to make sure we protected ourselves as part of our strategy, we wanted to make sure whatever we develop we use, which we do. We wanted to make sure that our products had all the right protection in them. We do that and the service aspect of what we could offer our customers in capability is what we're starting to see some traction on now. We've gotten some awards. Some have hit the paper. Some don't hit the paper. For us, we think we're going to be on our plan this year for the kind of growth we anticipated. We still, I think can safely say, find more Zero Day occurrences than anybody else in the industry, and that's relative to the tools we use. And we have the ability to scale because we believe in what we do so we use it here to help us internally. So I would say, in the past we expected it to move quicker. We're a little bit more pragmatic about it today. But there is growth. Theres awards starting to happen. They're small, they may be in the $10 million, $40 million, $50 million, or $100 million, but itll probably wont be until next year that some bigger ones start to happen. But we're okay with the smaller ones. Thats 8,000 programs in this company, that's the way we grow and that's the way we do business. But we see people starting to realize the issue, either in infrastructure, either in products or in other offerings they have. I don't know if that helped. It's a long answer.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: The only other thing I'd ask is, do you have a longer term growth target for this business?
William Swanson: Yes, I think this business is going to grow at double digits for us. That's the way I see it. And nothing's convinced me otherwise that it isn't there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I don't mean to harp on e-Borders totally, but if you just look at what youve been doing in terms of a booking rate, if you x that out now, what does that mean to IIS's margins on a go-forward basis in terms of now and what it might be able to the future?
David Wajsgras: Sam, this is Dave. We have booked -- if you look at '09 and '10 and you're assuming, say, a couple of hundred million dollars in sales on the top line, $200 million to $250 million, we were booking in the mid-single-digit range from a margin standpoint. We had obviously anticipated over time improving that, given the way we had seen our performance. But I think that's probably point one. Point two, from a cash position, overall we had seen, obviously based on the balance sheet and the cadence of the milestones, we had investments up front, which we had anticipated recovering throughout the program. We had essentially gone operational, like Bill had said, which started to trigger some positive cash flow. But we had still not expected to be in a positive net cash flow position from that program in '10 or '11.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: But should I presume that then youre assuming that you would not have gotten the collection then in your $2 billion to $2.2 billion operating cash flow this year?
David Wajsgras: In the $2 billion to $2.2 billion, we've accounted for the cash associated with unwinding the program, which is in the neighborhood of $80 million to $100 million. And weve accounted for the lost net cash on the program in the back half of the year. I think the important takeaway here is that we've maintained our overall cash guidance for the company. So there is a cash impact this year and in the near term. But from a cash standpoint, it actually improves in '11.
William Swanson: Let me add, I fundamentally believe IIS is about in the 8% to 9% range going forward as a business. We don't see anything fundamentally changing in the way they do business. Yes, I figured your question is, do we see something fundamentally changing in the way theyre operating going forward? And the answer is no. We seem to be in that range.
Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Well part of it was also if its booking at a lower rate in the mid-single digits, that eliminating that by itself should help IIS?
David Wajsgras: Correct.
William Swanson: Yes, that's where I thought you were going. I thought Id help.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Troy Lahr with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Dave, I'm wondering if you can just talk a little bit about how much conservatism you have baked into your margins for the full year. It looks like if you look at the most of the segments, you have margins coming down in the back half compared to what they did in the first half. I understand that there's some timing issues and things like that but kind of across the board, can you just help me understand that a little bit?
David Wajsgras: Sure. I mean each business will have its sort of own backdrop to this. But generally speaking, from a margin standpoint we are comfortable with what we've put out there, and I wouldn't characterize it as aggressive or conservative. As a general statement what I would say is, we were able to pull forward cost efficiency and cost-improvement programs into the first half that might have been anticipated initially in the second half, and that's why you see some margin improvement relative to what we had talked about earlier. That's number one. Number two is, and I mentioned earlier, you do see the impact of the period costs flowing through the P&L in the back half of the year associated with the program termination. There is a little bit of a mixed issue, which more favorably impacted the front half than the back half. Now if you sort of stand back from that, there is some improvement that we are highlighting in some of our businesses, in particular, MCS and TS. So I think standing back, we've taken a measured approach to the outlook. And were obviously continuing to pull levers and push hard. But at this stage of the year, we're comfortable with what we've put out there.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: And is the bookings target still $26.5 billion? It seems like you really need a strong second half to still get to that? Is that still on the table?
William Swanson: Yes, thats still on the table. We said it, we see it. We've got some large international orders are out there that make us have confidence in that number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research: A couple questions on margins. If you look at NCS and Missile Systems, in each case, youve gotten some very good margins for the first half. Can you talk about those specifically in terms of mix and in terms of what you're seeing in the second half that could put some downward pressure potentially on the margins?
David Wajsgras: Well, okay, for Missile Systems both in Q2 and year-to-date, we exceeded our guidance, and essentially that was driven by the timing of the productivity improvements. The back half margins are principally driven by program mix. Relative to NCS, it's sort of the same story. Q2 and year-to-date, slightly higher than guidance. The result of timing and volume relative to performance improvements principally around U.S. Army programs. We did increase overall guidance in NCS by about 20 basis points.
Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research: But could you speak to, when youre looking at a change in mix in the first half or the back half of the year, can you talk about what that change is? Is it programs? Customers? 
David Wajsgras: We've talked earlier about ramping up on an international classified program in NCS for particular. And theres always a mix of development and production programs and where they are in the cycle. And obviously there's hundreds of programs, thousands of programs out there, but when you're standing back  and Im looking at this from a financial perspective -- I think I characterized it the right way.
Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research: But if you look longer term at these businesses, are you looking at more typical margins being like the back half or the front half? I mean, is there a way -- are we seeing any kind of a trend here when youre looking at lower margins in the back of the year? Or is it just sort of quarter-to-quarter shifts?
William Swanson: Yes, I would say it's quarter-to-quarter. Don't read anything into whats there. I mean when you look at our current off margins other than IIS, I think that range shows you the health and operational cadence of those businesses.
David Wajsgras: Let me add one thing to that. If you look at IIS from an operational perspective, in the second quarter their margins actually improved. And let me just say it in my words and add to what Bill just commented on, I think the way to think about the margin profile overall is if you look at sort of the full year at a business-by-business level. But again, we're continuing to put a lot of focus on cost improvements and productivity. So we'll see what the next few years brings, but there is a tremendous focus from Raytheon on those areas.
Douglas Harned - Bernstein Research: And then if I can, one last thing, it seems that when I listened to you talk today and recently, it seems like the international opportunities may becoming more diverse. I mean IDS Missile Systems have always had quite a few. Are you seeing more in the other units than you have in the past?
William Swanson: Yes, I think so. Its, at least for me, what our customers are doing, what they see that we're doing, there were more discussions this year at least from my standpoint. Im one point on the curve so I understand as an engineer I can draw the vector any way I want with one point, but at least I can say the vector for me was going up. And it's across the board. I mean you see it in RTSe, for example. They've got a number of opportunities in the Mideast. And even in Europe, I mean, Europe's got tough financial issues, but we've got things going on there where we expect orders. Now are they huge? No, but you get a number of smaller ones, they add up to a bigger one. So thats the way we kind of look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Bill, on the e-Borders again, and sorry to harp. But I thought the write-off looked very large compared to the size of the program. You're working capital runs something like 20% of your sales. This was more like double, so it was kind of an order of magnitude different. And I'm wondering if you guys could speak about the Ts and Cs here and your exposure, sort of how this happened, why you have more exposure here than you do presumably in your business overall and are there other  was this a unique program from that standpoint or are there other programs out there where you dont have a lot of received advance payments to offset against your other working capital?
William Swanson: What I would say is, don't read this one into the other programs. This program -- I'll get you back to what I was saying where were ready to make a drop in October. That's three months away. And what you do is your billings are tied to what we call software drops. In this program there are more than one. And so we went operational last May and the next drop was in October, so we've got a work in process that has not been billed and would have been billed, and they elected to do it at this time and Ill let it go at that, that we feel very strong about our position, and we'll go through this here.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Is the termination related to their interpretation of how that second drop was going?
William Swanson: No. I think, what I would basically say is, someone took the opportunity. Whether that opportunity is correct or not will be sorted out. I will tell you in my opinion, I have been authorized everything I need to be able to go defend the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cohen and company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Bill, could you update us briefly on the status of the FCPA review, and give us some color on international Patriot opportunities?
William Swanson: Yes, first on the FCPA. Our self-initiated internal review of certain international operations which we noted in our 10-K is ongoing. We've advised the relevant regulatory authorities of our pending review. And frankly, we have no other comment beyond that information and what we put in our filings. And I am not -- you know me, I don't avoid questions, but that's what it is and that's the way I have to treat it. And the one thing I remind you and everybody else, were a good company and we do what's right, and it was self-initiated. On the international Patriot, that was one of the highlights of the show for me. A number of customers we dealt with, Kuwait and Turkey and Israel. Of course, UAE was there. Saudi was there. From our standpoint, we see tremendous opportunity. Probably Saudi will be next in the queue. We've gone through the RSADF there, and we've gone through foreign procurement. And we've got about one more stage to go through in Saudi, and that will happen I hope soon with not too many Os -- since you've been around, you know what that means -- sooner rather than later. And we'll hear probably in the latter part of the year on Turkey, what they decide to do there. Those are all billion dollar contracts from that standpoint. UAEs going well. We were able to display at the show, no pun intended, the new digital displays in Patriot that, if you've been around the system as long as I have, boy, are they state-of-the-art now. About 2/3 of the system has changed, all updated, new parts, and it's the best around. And so for us, we see other parts of Europe that are interested in that. Japan has continued to buy and is going to upgrade more their systems, so we have that as an international order that recently we booked some activity on Patriot. So Im encouraged by what I see there. But then again as we make these sales, we've got to be able to put them into the system, get them approved through Congress so we can start.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason [ph] Gursky (51:05) with Citigroup.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a quick question on Farnborough and maybe some of the new products that you were talking about [ph] there with customers (51:14). I think youve got a new radar system for some fighters, maybe the F-16. Can you talk a little bit about progress you're making on selling that into customers?
William Swanson: Yes, the customers love it. I mean, if you think about it, and I'll try not to get too tech geeky here -- old radars are mechanically scanned. Think of a [ph] McGimble (51:34) that goes back and forth to look over the horizon or to look up or look down depending on where the thread is. This new AESA radars are a fixed plate. The way I like to describe them, think about multiple flashlights on a plate and what the AESAs allowed to do is these flashlight beams go all over the place and one of them hits the target and so I have multi-scan capability. And that one beam can hit the target, and I can either focus all my energy on it or some of my energy. So mechanically, nothing moves except electrons, which means it has unbelievable reliability. We think we're like the Maytag repairman with these AESAs. They go out there and they don't break. The good part is the cost of them with new capabilities. Our customers can get basically the newest and the best and keep their platforms current. And so what we call our Racer that we're doing for the F-16, everybodys excited about that, that they can put this new unbelievable higher reliability, probably around the same price, radar on their existing platform. That's the excitement that we see in the marketplace that our newer technologies both forward fit and backward fit. And we think that gives us tremendous opportunities. If I sound excited, I am.
Unidentified Analyst: And just, were you able to actually secure any orders or how is that ?
William Swanson: Well what it works is were going through flight testing now and let me just say we have tremendous interest. So when we're ready, we're going to be ready.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Access 342.
George Shapiro - Citi: Dave, I want to look at why the guidance wasn't increased. Because effectively what you did, if I compare your Q3 and Q4 earnings estimates that you had detailed in the Q1 release, with now, youve lowered the third quarter by $0.08 -- now I'm using the high end here  to $1.10 from $1.18 and you lowered the fourth quarter by $0.11 to $1.31. So effectively, lowered the second half by $0.19. I mean, in the release you said that e-Borders would be maybe another $0.03 or so, but I'm trying to figure out where the balance of the reduction is coming from.
David Wajsgras: So, let me just add a little bit of color and clarity, George. So, second half of the year does include period costs and lost program income, both associated with a termination. And you can sort of broad range this. I don't want to give you a point estimate, but you can say $45 million to $65 million, okay? In that range. So that is point one. Point two is, as we talked earlier, when the warrants were exercised as a result of what was going on in the markets, that impacted our EPS outlook by about $0.05. We were able to offset some of that through our repurchase program, but not all of it. So I think taken together, that's really the backdrop as to why were not increasing our guidance at this stage.
George Shapiro - Citi: So Dave, we're effectively going to see lower margins in the second half because of that. Now is this effect going to continue into next year as well or ?
David Wajsgras: Let me sort of rephrase what we had talked about just a few minutes ago. I think the way to think about the business from a margin perspective is looking at the full year, okay? There are some timing elements quarter to quarter, first half to second half. A number of things, as you well know, happen at different periods throughout the year. But I would take the full year guidance and assume that as a good baseline for the businesses going forward. George, actually there is one last point. The costs associated with the termination are expected to run out first half, second half of this year and maybe very early into next year. So that would be a little bit of a positive as we move ahead.
George Shapiro - Citi: And can you cite what they might be?
David Wajsgras: Well, that's what I was just saying. I mean, overall, if we're looking at the termination costs from a cash standpoint, we're looking at somewhere, say, $80 million, sort of plus or minus from a period-cost standpoint. Then again, including the program income effect, you might be looking at half to two-thirds of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Bill, I kind of want to push back a little bit on  I mean there's not a question you guys are well positioned, but the environment has changed. And what I don't understand is what kind of message you're getting from the Pentagon when they delay contracts? There's a number of awards that haven't happened yet. Theres a change in terms and conditions. And so on one hand, the operations of the Pentagon are making your life more difficult. And while you're better positioned than most, they say they're not going to reduce profits. I mean, how do you square those two?
William Swanson: I square them in the standpoint of, Howard, probably being here long enough to have seen the movie and seen the ending. But what's happening different is, I'm not faulting our customer whatsoever for what they're going through. They're making the right kind of calls. I mean my analogy is, in Raytheon when we had $13 billion of debt what did we do? I could go through the litany and I wont on the call but we basically went from $13 billion to being debt free. And we did that by making some really hard [ph] calls (58:17), they don't happen overnight. I think our customers looks at the way they do business and realizes that they can do more. There are hard calls they have to make. They've got to be able to improve the requirements definition and ensure that the requirements and the programs have stability. When you yin and yang them, that burns money one way or another. Ive waxed eloquently, Im biased on streamlining the export control. That benefits both of us when we do it. The other thing is theyre trying to promote the efficient use of resources on both sides. Both of us need to do that. I mean one of the things we can figure out is how do we spend less [ph] B&P (59:04) on our proposals? I mean if you have to submit a fixed-price proposal, why do you have to put in hundreds or thousands of pages on a proposal thats fixed-price. It's competitive as you go through it. So resources can be better. The other thing is we need to eliminate, [ph] govern (59:25) unique processes where practical. Notice I put, where practical, because there are things we do that we don't do on some of our commercial side or with other customers. And the thing I would finally add -- and I give this administration or the DoD great credit -- we're trying to understand the second and third order effects of decisions. That's something I think that has been a huge game changer for Raytheon internally, as we think through things. So when you think about cutting direct labor, the outcome of that could be that you're overheads go up because you don't have as much direct labor base to offset against it and when you do that, don't start whacking people for overheads if the [ph] PCL (1:00:13), total cost level, comes down. That needs to be understood. So when you put in your rules, you got to make sure you understand that effect. The other thing is, if you change the fee rates on make versus buy, you could end up with an outcome that you don't like, which means somebody goes vertically rather than using lower-cost suppliers. So we've got to be careful as we go through this thing. And I think what that does is it does create the congestion. And I think when you look at congestion, do you have a partner you could sit down at the table and talk with to keep things moving. And I would give Ash Carter, Bill Lynn and Secretary Gates credit. They listen. And collectively, we've got to work it shoulder to shoulder, its in the best interests of our country, and the way I look at it we have an obligation in our industry to provide the best we can to our war fighters. And how do we do that? As quick as we can. And my last point is, Im a speed nut. The faster we can get things done, the less cost it will be to Raytheon and the less cost itll be to the government. And somehow we've got to develop that mindset by re-setting ourselves and we haven't done that yet. So we've got work to do. I'm encouraged that people are taking it on. The other is [ph] youd (1:01:36) sit there and say, woe is me. But its still, everybody in the building says you perform, you get paid for it. That has not changed.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: No, I'm just concerned the policys been a blunt instrument and that theyre not going to listen to your experience.
William Swanson: The one thing I can tell you is the nice thing about industry is, we still figure out how to get things done and we still figure out how to have returns that are important to our shareholders. And one of the things Im proud of is, everybody always asks us about margins. We still have industry-leading margins. It's because we work very hard at it and we continue to do that. And we think given our portfolio and our speed and agility, were going to adapt and we're going to adapt quickly. And we intend to do that with our customers. Theyre our partners. We've got to do it together. And theyre working with us. Howard, I would say our customers have IT systems. Theyre very interested in some of the things we've done across the company in that regard. Our shared services in finance and other places, how do we do it when it's not done there? Our direct to indirect in our company; over the last five years I think we've taken 500 heads out of indirect. That's right out of overhead. Even though we've been growing as a company and our facility utilizations are the highest they've ever been, so our factories and our plants are loaded and we continue to consolidate where we can to cut our costs and make sure we've got good utilization. So we all need to share these best practices, is where Im coming from.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Bill, I want to catch up on how you're thinking strategically, if you don't mind. We've seen you execute on the international opportunities that were core to Raytheon like Patriot. Youve spoken about adjacent growth strategy and that included border security. And we've seen setbacks like the Saudi border and [indiscernible] (1:03:46) borders now so I want to kind of get caught up on, (a), how do what youve seen with these setbacks, how does that change your intent with respect to adjacent growth markets, if at all? And secondly, how do we think about  because Im very intrigued by the comment you answered in Dougs question of newer rising international opportunities beyond the core. Where are we going to see you expanding in new international markets going forward?
William Swanson: I think from our standpoint what I see, Heidi, is that I put e-Borders in a category all by itself from a standpoint of, Ill put it in a political bin rather than a performance bin in that regard. You mentioned Saudi, the borders there. That's a little different story. Our strategy was to do something a little bit different than what others would go do. Clearly, the people we worked with liked what we did. Someone else above them made a different decision. That happens when you compete. So I kind of put it in a different bin. But what we see around the world, is the ability that people want to know what's going on on the border. They need ISR capability. They want to be able to protect ports. They want to be able to do things. Theyll be smaller in scale, maybe $50 million, $100 million, $200 million jobs. Those are okay. We understand them. We've experienced about 23%, 25% growth, let me say 20% to 25%, in our homeland security. We have to make an adjustment for e-Borders. But for me, I still see double-digit growth in homeland security whether it be from a point of view of communications, which is really getting big, which is doing airports -- which is a whole other kind of market -- to being able to do Command and Control in countries. And then other customers are asking us how we net things together so that they can have high fidelity information to make decisions. It's a very active market and we see it in those size of programs as we go ahead. We still see international bookings overall, theyll probably be in the 28% to 30% range for the year. We still expect our international sales to be around 22% to 24% and the other thing that's growing is, classified is running -- clearly going to be in mid- double digits, probably around 15% or so this year, and sales will probably be about in the same range. So classified, domestic and international, is also growing for us. So lots of pieces. All I can tell you is that when I look at the mosaic it looks pretty good, about what we see and what countries are talking to us about.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: But it sounds like theres no change in strategy. I mean theres bumps and bruises along the way as you get an education as to the high and low range of various forms of border control and monitoring, but it looks like that's a core competency youre going to continue to expand in.
William Swanson: Absolutely, because one of the things we see is that even though theres tough environments out there, people still need and want some kind of homeland border security or a way to tie it together. And you can almost pick a country and I can almost tell you something  not that I'm going to but -- that were doing in a particular country, whether it's Asia, Australia, Europe, the Mideast, there's something going on that fits in this world. Its a little bit different than -- you've been around enough to know about radars and missiles and the other stuff we do. This is different. And they're good-sized programs. And e-Borders isn't over with yet.
Marc Kaplan: Okay. Were now at the hour mark. I'd like to close by thanking everyone for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in learning more about the company, our recent performance and our outlook. And we look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter conference call in October. John?
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Marc Kaplan - VP, Investor Relations Bill Swanson - Chairman and CEO Dave Wajsgras - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus Peter Arment - Broadpoint Gleacher Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital Sam Pearlstein - Well Fargo securities Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein David Strauss - UBS Securities Joe Nadol - JPMorgan Howard Rubel - Jefferies Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch George Shapiro - Access 342 Michael French -Morgan Joseph 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Raytheon's first quarter 2010 conference call. My name is Michael and I'll be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's Mr. Marc Kaplan, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may proceed.
Marc Kaplan: Thank you, Michael. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following the live call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll are going to start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then we'll move on to questions. Please limit your questions to one per caller to allow for broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the Company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based in a wide range of assumption that the Company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release, and that we discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Bill?
Bill Swanson: Thank you, Marc. Good morning everyone. We had a strong quarter and we're off to a good start for the year. The company had bookings of $6.5 billion and sales of $6.1 billion, a book-to-bill greater than 1. Our operating profit margins were solid, driven by strong program performance. Our FAS/CAS adjusted EPS was up 17% and we delivered good cash flow, clearly another solid quarter of performance for the company. As we mentioned in January we expected to deliver continued growth for the year. Our results in the first quarter and our positive outlook are a result of our successful execution of our customer-focused strategy. There are lots of exciting things going on in the company, so I wanted to do something a little bit different this morning and take a few minutes on this call to highlight some of them for you. Let me start with IIS. We booked over $1.7 billion in new business ending the quarter with a book-to-bill ration close to 2.5 times. IIS booked $886 million on a compatibly awarded contract for the US Air Force to develop the next-generation ground control stations for GPS. We called the program GPS OCX. The program will provide anti-jam capabilities to our warfighters, ensure future air traffic control systems and facilitate the advancement of commercial GPS applications. I am very proud of our innovative solution and the team is off to a great start. IIS also booked $624 million on a number of classified contracts during the quarter, including $340 million on a major classified program. As many of you are aware we cant say much about these programs. So it is clear that customers value the unique capabilities that we offer. The order book at IIS is very solid and the business is well positioned for future growth. At our integrated defense systems business we delivered good growth and strong margins. Importantly, during the quarter the navy awarded initial funding for the third Zumwalt ship, a meaningful step toward addressing any questions about the outlook for this successful program. Its performing well and the advance technologies that we are developing will support the US Navy and other Navies for decades to come. At Missile systems we booked $535 million on a major classified program in the quarter. We also had a number of significant bookings for the Missile Defense Agency, the US Navy, the US Army and intentional customers, Missile systems continues to be well positioned for future growth. At Raytheon we differentiate ourselves in the market, based on our technologies and are focused on continuous innovation. I want to take a few minutes on the recent key technology wins across the company. There is a lot of exciting work that we are doing to support our customers, which will drive future growth. For example, during the quarter we won a contract with the Office of Naval Research to continue our cutting-edge work on the Compound Semiconductor Materials On Silicon or the COSMOS program as we call it. The potential future value of this disrupted technology that we are developing is significant both to our customers and to Raytheon. We will be able to deliver even more affordable sensors while continually deliver world class performance. In the cyber area we want to contract to provide critical experimentation and test for the Government Cyber security capabilities. This win is a good example of our domain knowledge and our strengthening competitive position in this growing area. We were also awarded the final phase of the DARPA contract called [AGILE] to develop speech, and language processing technologies to recognize, analyze and translate speech and text into readable English in real time on the slide. On the International, Cyber sales were up 20% during the quarter and the percentage of our total sales from International continued to expand, it reached 23% in Q1. For the full year, we are forecasting double-digit growth in our international sales. We expect roughly 22% to 24% of our total sales in 2010 will come from international. There is strong, broad based international demand for each of our businesses, innovative solutions and technologies. For example during the quarter, SAS, booked $90 million for the production at advanced counter majors electronics systems for the Egyptian Air forces, F16's. It's an other example of our focus on increasing both the breadth and total value of Raytheon on technologies on the worldwide fleet of F16's . In summary, we feel good about our accomplishments, our strategy of focusing on the customer and exceeding expectations. Working in todays competitive landscape, we believe that our focus on performance, relationships and solutions, will continue to translate into even more opportunities in the future. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Wajsgras: Thanks Bill and Good morning Everyone, I have a few opening remarks, starting with the first quarter highlights and then we will move on to questions. During my remark, I will be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. If everyone could please move to page three. As Bill noted, we performed well in the first quarter. We had a strong bookings of $6.5 billion and sales of $6.1 billion and we ended the quarter with $37 billion backlog. EPS from continuing operations was up 6% in the quarter. Importantly, when you consider the timing related to pension accounting, our FAS/CAS adjusted EPS of $1.27 was up 17% driven by strong operational performance and capital deployment actions and we generated solid operating cash flow from continuing operations of $257 million, which included federal and foreign tax payments of $59 million. Operating cash flow from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2009 was $411 million, which included a net tax refund of $323 million. Excluding these tax items, operating cash flow from continuing operations in the first quarter 2010, increased by $228 million, driven by business performance, our working capital focus, as well as timing. The company repurchased 5.5 million shares of common stock for $300 million in the quarter and as we announced last month, the company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2 billion of the company's outstanding common stock. At the end of the first quarter, total $2.6 billion remained available under the companys share repurchase programs. In addition, the Board increased the company's annual dividend rate by 21%. We've now increased our dividend for six consecutive years. For the balance of 2010, we expect continued solid sales growth and strong operational performance and were reaffirming the positive guidance that we provided in January. I'll discuss our guidance further in just a few minutes. Turning now to page four, let me start by providing some detail on our first quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $6.5 billion resulting in a book-to-bill ratio greater than one, a key indicator of our future growth outlook. Bill already mentioned a couple our larger bookings during the quarter including GPS-OCX, Zumwalt the major classified awards at IIS and Missile Systems and ACES at our SAS business. In addition, IDS booked $162 million to provide engineering services support for a Patriot Air and Missile Defense program for US and international customers. MS booked $212 million for the development of SM-3 and $111 million for the development work on the EKV program for the Missile Defense Agency. MS also booked $207 million for the production of SM-2 for an international customer and the US Navy, $203 million for the production of Tomahawk cruise missiles for the US Navy, a $102 million for the production of the JSOW for the US Navy and $95 million for the production of TOW missiles for international customers and the US Army. Our NCS business booked $138 million to supply Long Range Advanced Scout Surveillance Systems for the US Army, and TS booked $155 million on domestic training programs and $25 million on foreign training programs in support of the Warfighter FOCUS activities. TS also booked $88 million on the Security Equipment Integration Services contract for the TSA and $78 million to provide operational and logistics support to the National Science Foundation Office of Polar Programs. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $37 billion compared to $36.9 billion at the end of 2009. If you now move to page five, we continue to deliver good sales growth. You should that the first quarter 2010 had one less work day than the same period last year. Normalized for the one day, I'd estimate our 3% sales growth in Q1 to be closer to the 5% range. Looking at sales by business, IDF had first quarter 2010 net sales of $1.3 billion up 6% for the quarter, primarily due to growth on international Patriot programs. IIS had first quarter 2010 net sales of $730 million. As we expected, the change in IIS sales was driven by volume on both the classified program and in international advanced border and security programs. Missile systems at MCF net sales were inline with the same period last year. Space and airborne systems had net sales of $1.1 billion in the quarter up 5% driven primarily by growth in classified business. Technical services had first Quarter 2010 net sales of $801 million, up 15%, driven by strength in domestic and foreign training programs supporting the US Army. Our diverse portfolio of businesses all focused on customers priority areas is clearly driving our continued, steady, growth profile. Moving ahead to page six, we delivered strong operational performance in the quarter. Our margin before the FAS/CAS pension adjustment, was up 70 basis points. Looking at business margins IDS had solid result in the quarter. The increase in margin was primarily due to higher volume on international Patriot programs. At IIS, the change in margins was primarily due to an international program. Both MS and NCS margin in the quarter were in line with the same period in 2009. SAS margin in the quarter was up a 120 basis points, primarily due to improved program performance and a change in contract mix. Finally TS margin in the quarter was up 210 basis points, primarily due to improved performance, mainly on programs nearing completion, as well as the timing and recognition of award fees on the fixed price service contract. Overall, total company margins continue to be strong. Turning now to page seven, first quarter EPS from continuing operations, which includes the FAS/CAS pension adjustment was $1.18 versus $1.11 in 2009. The increase in EPS was primarily driven by operational improvements and reduced share counts partially offset by higher FAS/CAS pension expense. 2010 FAS/CAS adjusted EPS was $1.27, up 17%. If you move to page eight, we are reaffirming the financial outlook for 2010 that we provided in January. We expect continued growth in sales in the range of between $25.9 and $26.4 billion, up 4% to 6% and FAS/CAS adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5.13 to $5.28 per share, representing growth between 6% and 9%. You should note that our outlook now reflects the impact of some warrants being exercised earlier than we had anticipated. More specifically, we've had about 6.5 million warrants exercised to date. The expiration of these warrants was June 20011. The full year 2010 EPS impact is approximately $0.05, which we expect to offset through improved performance. Moving on to page nine, weve provided additional color on our outlook for the year by business. The key takeaways that are strong in diverse portfolio was driving continued sales growth and solid margins. On page 10, we provided some directional guidance on how we currently see sales, EPS, operating cash flow from continuing operations by quarter. We saw a good performance in the first quarter compared to both Q1 2009 and also the initial outlook for Q1 2010 that we provided in January. Some of this improvement was driven by timing. Okay, so let me summarize our first quarter performance. We delivered another strong quarter with solid bookings, sale, EPS, and cash flow. Our balance sheet remains very strong and we are confident as we look ahead. Our share holder focus was again highlighted by increasing the dividend by 21%, repurchasing 300 million shares of the common stock and adding an additional $2 billion of share repurchase availability going forward. We expect our strong results both from a program performance and the financial perspective to continue to drive value for our customers and our shareholders. We are of toward excellent start for 2010. So with that Dave and I will open up the call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Just quickly Dave on the warrants and so had that not slipped in to the year you would have had $0.05 increasing guidance?
Dave Wajsgras: Basically, the way to think about it is, there is a lot of variables that we considered obviously, when we were giving guidance on average diluted share count. This was initially considered, but given some of the long, short strategies that are out there today and the fact that the shorts apparently dont see it as economically attractive to be in that position anymore. They have used their warrants to cover their short positions and that happened a little bit earlier than we had anticipated. So to cut through all of this, the answer is yes, and we are offsetting it through improved performance.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. My real question goes to slide 9, and I just wanted to ask you, there is really some difference in the Q1 margin results, relative to the full year guidance, by segment and if you could you know speak a little bit more specifically. For example, what gets better at IIS as we go through the year, and perhaps, where does the pressure come from at NCS and the TS, I dont know if the later is volumes or what, but If you could walk through that a little bit, that would be great? 
Dave Wajsgras: Sure, IIS, as you know, we had some very important, significant wins in the first quarter, that ramp up in the balance of the year. We are expecting that in combination with productivity initiative to move that business squarely in line with the guidance that we put out this morning, which is in line with what we had talked about in January. With respect to NCS, Q1 did include some performance improvements on, specifically on some US Army programs that we had expected later in the year, that's the reason why its a little bit high, than we had expected in Q1 but it will moderate and again we are comfortable with the guidance on a full year basis. With respect to SAS and I think that was the last one you would ask.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: I said TS but all of them were important.
Dave Wajsgras: Okay well since I started down on the SAS path, SAS was impacted by some customer requirements relative to deliveries in Q1 from an international program. Those we have expected later in the year and those did favorably impact Q1, but again we expect it to moderate somewhat as we go through the balance of the year. Notwithstanding that business continues to perform well. Overall there were significant operational and performance improvements that were also pulled ahead into Q1 for SAS. Now with respect to Technical Services, they have continued to perform well over the past few years, The results in Q1 are a further attribution to that. Q1 was significantly impacted by an award fee from a fixed price service program, which we booked in Q1. It was worth a little over $5 million. If you take that out, the margins were just under 8%, still very, very healthy. That business continues to benefit from focusing on cost efficiencies and volume improvements.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: So is there upside there?
Dave Wajsgras: No, I would say if you look at the balance of the year, I would be biased toward the higher end of the range. It's probably the best way to articulate it at this stage of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Troy Lahr of Stifel Nicolaus.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: I am wondering if you can just touch on your view of margins kind of long-term. Do you still think that you can gradually kind of raise those margins? Can you just help us walk through some of the puts and the takes and maybe just address if there is kind of 13% as peak and maybe how that factors in with the competitive landscape and if they are using pricing out there?
Bill Swanson: Yes Troy, it's Bill. My perspective, the philosophy here is to keep driving our results through our Six Sigma processes to find ways to lean things out, do things quicker. If you can speed up your deliveries or your programs, even in essence reduce your costs and get your margins up higher. The other part is we continue work on the left hand side of the margin curve. We keep narrowing it and as we continue to narrow it, it makes our margins go up. Clearly, for us, I think its safe to say as long as you are performing and you negotiate the fee rate should do up at the beginning and our customers dont have any problem paying for those fee rates as long as you are performing. Our philosophy on execution and making execution of the program should qualify that to get it done right. So they are recognized. So from our standpoint we are continuing to push to expand the margins and have done that at least seven years in a row and intend to keep it going.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: Does the international mix, is that going to help you also?
Bill Swanson: It always it does, the international clearly as of the business that we do well on. We have double-digit growth in that area. The margin should continue to do well as long as we continue to deliver and get our promises and our international business is one that I feel very comfortable with, because all six businesses in the company know how to do it and know how to do it well.
Operator: Your next question comes of the line of Peter Arment of Broadpoint Gleacher.
Peter Arment - Broadpoint Gleacher: Can you talk a little bit about of classified and what you can say at least about from the growth perspective. I think, Bill you have indicated that you thought that you would be able grow classified this year between 7% and 9% year-over-year, but could you give a us a color on that now you are 3 months into the year? Are you seeing any changes in the landscape? Then just Dave, if you have just on housekeeping, could you give us what the percent of booking was from international in the quarter. I think you are on target for 25% for the year ending. I think that was the target?
Bill Swanson: Okay. if we look at classified, its hard to slice it in one quarter, and we dont do it that way, but let me put a perspective. One, we feel good about it. We had some nice awards, this quarter, some are what I call hallmark kind of awards, they give us a great basis, to expand on and that also develops some stuff that is cutting edge that bodes well for our future and the next generation to come. For the total year, we expect classified bookings to be and above the 12% range of total bookings, which is in line with what we expect but probably the most important part is we expect classified sales to be about 14% of our total sales. Thats up from 2009, and we expect a growth rate of classified sales to be in that 10% to 15% range, to kind of help you on the volume point of view. Clearly for us, this is something we expected and it bodes well for the home team.
Peter Arment - Broadpoint Gleacher: That is great, Thank you.
Bill Swanson: Then I will turn it over to Dave.
Dave Wajsgras: Yes relative to the international bookings these can be lumpy. We're looking from a full year basis to be somewhere in the 28% to 30% range. The first quarter we were just around 13%. Again these tend to be lumpy and we're very confident with respect to the high 20s, 30% range on a full year basis.
Peter Arment - Broadpoint Gleacher: Okay. So there was no slip in terms of the international. I know it's very lumpy, but you mentioned the UAE and Saudi Arabian and number of other opportunities, but you are not seeing anything slipping?
Dave Wajsgras: At this point, the answer is we dont. We do not see anything slipping and the 28% to 30% is the way we're seeing things for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Joseph Campbell of Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital: It's actually Carter Copeland for Joe. I wondered Bill, if you could talk a little bit about TS and in more detail about the FOCUS contract and the anatomy if that program and where it's headed. You seem to really be bucking the trend in TS based on the strength that you are seeing there. How will that evolve as we go forward and is there more growth in this type of opportunity? How you are you thinking about it, because it certainly seems to driving a lot of growth in TS?
Bill Swanson: The team there is doing a great job. One other thing that I think we clearly understand is that training or educational training is a real niche for us. It's something we do well. We do it on the commercial side for a lot of automotive companies and other Fortune 100 companies and what we seem to understand better than anybody is how you do compression and training so that if you can deliver 40 hours of training in 30 hours thats a benefit to a commercial company and guess what it's also a benefit to our military customers. When you couple that with our virtual live and constructive training, knowledge of systems in the army, its a home run and for us where we see the expansion is international, especially in places like the UK, the Mid East and other places. So when we offer our products we can offer the services and the training to go with them and so we just see it as a natural extension. The other part, its a nice business, the ROIC is good, the guys are taking good cost out of the business, it doesnt require any capital, which is nice if you are CEO, you like that kind of business and since they execute so well, we know the margins are in the same category as SAS or IDS or MCS but when you can have those kinds of margins without capital, its a good thing and it provides us a holistic approach to our customers. So when you come to us we kind of think of it as one stop shopping.
Joseph Campbell - Barclays Capital: Then a couple of quick ones just housekeeping for Dave, the commentary around the SAS changing contract mix, any color there would be helpful?
Dave Wajsgras: They are continuing to expand on the international front, in particular with the tactical radars and from a customer perspective there are requirements that front loaded some of the deliverables in to the first part of this year that we had expected later in the year. I hope that helps. I think its simple is that, but more importantly the way they are operating their business with a focus on continuing productivity improvements and cost efficiencies and the way they are approaching the entire capture process today is quite a bit different than it was a few years ago. Short version is, the business is continuing to perform well, you saw what they did last year and they are continuing that performance in to 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein of Well Fargo securities.
Sam Pearlstein - Well Fargo securities: I just had question on your cash flow because you mentioned some early work, I guess in MCS and SAS. Then just looking at it overall, looks like its $100-$150 million more than what you had at the start of the year, you're saying, you might see in the first quarter or so. Can you just talk a little bit about, what is timing versus, through improvement, and then related to that, can you just address the contracts and process that grew almost $400 million sequentially?
Dave Wajsgras: Yes, with respect to timing, I would say, relatively to Q1 versus the balance of the year $75 million, it may be a $100 million, a purely operational, it will take you. To say in rough order a $150 million range in operational improvement. That again is driven by our very intense focus on all aspects of working capital management. As you kind to go forward in the year we are continuing to gauge where we see our cash flow but similar to what I said earlier on earnings per share. We are biased towards the higher end of the cash flow guidance that we provided on a full year basis. Relative to CIP, there is nothing remarkable going on there. Its still running about 19% of sales on a trailing 12-month basis, which is in line with where we were at yearend and last year's first quarter. Working capital churns taking as a whole continue to be very strong. We talked about this in the fourth quarter call. We generated close to $800 million in working capital improvements over the last four years. Let me go back to just mention one other thing on the CIT. We sort of look at it I think more on a net basis where your net CIT against advances and from that perspective, we are still running at about 10% of sales and we have been for quite a while. So this is more just a first quarter area to look at and again not in line with where we were last year.
Sam Pearlstein - Well Fargo securities: Then if I can just follow-up for Bill, I know that you just raised the dividend pretty substantially and I look at the size of the authorization on the buyback $2.6 million remaining, but yet you continue to buy stock pretty consistently at about $300 million a quarter. So just as you think about it philosophically, do you approach the buyback any differently or should we think about it differently going forward?
Bill Swanson: I think our actions speak lauder than anything else and what we try to do is make sure that we dont have a dividend policy but overtime we've tried to stay within a range to make sure our shareholders know what we are doing with the cash. Clearly, that's one component of it. The other component is, how we invest in ourselves to make sure that we can keep performing and hitting the kinds of numbers that we've been hitting. So I wouldnt think of anything different. The bottom-line is our Board and the management feels comfortable about the company's outlook on the future and I think the dividend reflects that.
Dave Wajsgras: Then let me just add from a repurchase standpoint. Clearly, we continue to see a value in our shares and thats evidenced by our last year, year and a half, two years of our fairly active share repurchase program. We did provide guidance on a average diluted share count for 2010. That implies some level of continued share buyback. So standing back I think, if you just take our guidance we are comfortable with whats out there today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned of Sanford Bernstein. You may proceed.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: First question Bill, you mentioned the importance of technology of Raytheon earlier and when you look at the last four quarters your R&D spending, its been up about 20% of what it had been in prior periods. Im wondering if there is a renewed effort there to do more internally on technology and if so, whats the focus?
Bill Swanson: I wouldnt say there is a renewed focus here. I mean clearly when the company had debt many years ago, 13 billion, a number Ill never forget, we clearly were still doing R&D. I think from a companys point of view, given our balance sheet and our strength, we have the ability to look at different things. Of course for us, getting funding from our government customers or international customers is still the best way to do it, when you do some research. So I'd probably say there is good attention in that, but as far as we are concerned we still have our own R&D funding, we still have our own enterprise campaigns and we are continuing to look for disruptive technology. As I mentioned the COSMOS, I mean if you are a RF engineer and realize you can put a system on a chip and you can start to reduce your radar cost and power consumption cost then you start to realize you got some real game changers. So we've got a number of things and I could go all day, talking about technology and the engineers would love it but you all wouldn't. So, from my standpoint there is some exciting things going around the company in all areas, whether it'd be sensors our Fx business our command and control or how we look at it, even mission support. We were using a 3D analysis, a virtual, with the war fighter in the middle of a virtual reality situation, where they can experience what its like in Iraq or Afghanistan, in real time. So that they got a feel for it before they get over there. Those are some of the exciting things that we are doing and I could just go on and on about the technology, but no change in focus, just probably more of us trying to highlight it, because people are curious at times of where we are going and what we are trying to do. Thats why I just mentioned a few of them on the call.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: Then I was just interested in understanding if you are looking at a little bit higher level of internal investment going forward, because it seems to have been that way recently?
Bill Swanson: Yes, if we see good opportunities, one of the things we have, here in the Company, if our engineers have the game change, or I mean, we are doing something called Tempwave. For example, it turns out California, Florida, Canada and other parts of the country have troubled with frost. Well, its a huge market if we can pull off, how we [hick] in California where we have a experimental 1 acre parcel of an Orange grove, where we can actually raise the temperature in a clean way, no smudge parts, no environmental, its green and Canada wanted to look at that. So we are doing it up in some other venues because they have a problem in the fall and so our engineers that understand system architecture, understand system engineering, I think they have a clever way of doing it. It's just like how we can get away a lot of shale and we licensed that. So we're a company of 50,000 engineers that are very, very creative., So there is an attention and if they got a good idea and we can see the market for it, we'll fund it.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: If I can one more, international growth is obviously a really important part of the Raytheon outlook. When you look at margins, if you were to pullback and think about putting international aside, how are you seeing trends on margins for the DoD customer?
Bill Swanson: We continue to see those improve because of our performance. It is all about and I would say this over and over again, I would be a broken record. Customers will pay for performance. When you are not performing, you now run out of money and you run out of time and even good program managers make bad decisions when you have no money and no time.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: So you are seeing margin improvement even independent of improving mix in the sense the sense of more international work?
Bill Swanson: We continue to work as long as we can narrow our performance curve. In other words we can take that left hand side of the bell-shaped curve and continue to shrink it by having better program performance our margins will go up. It's just math. If you can get rid of the stuff thats not average on the left hand side, the average will go up. Our technical service business is a good example. If you look at them three or four years ago and where they are at today, we even improved their performance and a lot of there stuff is domestic and so let that be an example I'd use. MCS would be another business, un-insatiable; I believe that all our programs 8000 and 15000 contracts if we continue to do better, perform better, do it faster then well continue with the increase. Thats our story and we are sticking to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss of UBS Securities LLC..
David Strauss - UBS Securities:  Your GPS-OCX win, Bill can you talk about how that will ramp up from here?
Bill Swanson: Basically what happened is, there was a competitive down select, there were two of us, they picked the winning team and the government wants to make sure that from a point of view that it starts off properly. We got a well defined baseline and that everything is in order and once we give that, then we throw the switch and then we start moving and thats why Daves comment was that he expects that to build up as we get in to the later part of the year and we expect that out of our IIS business. We are proud of them. They've they put together a real winning proposal and these things arent easy. We'd probably review them 15 or 20 times here over the course of the two years that we were competing and it is nice to see it come to fruition. Now we've got to get up everyday and go perform on the program and I have utmost confidence in their ability to do that. That part of the business really does well. Our ground station business is viewed as being world class.
David Strauss - UBS Securities: So it should be a meaningful contributor in 2011.
Bill Swanson: Yes.
Dave Wajsgras: In 2010, and 2011.
Bill Swanson: Yes, it's expected to pick up.
David Strauss - UBS Securities: Dave, I cannot let you off the hook, without a question on pension?
Dave Wajsgras: Is it another, housekeeping question Dave?
David Strauss - UBS Securities: No, not housekeeping, it's on pension, CAS harmonization, what are you hearing there, what is the latest?
Dave Wajsgras: The CAS board is expected to publish a proposal on CAS harmonization fairly soon, I don't want to put a time bucket on it or a time stays on it, but I think soon as, I would say within the next couple of months and until we can evaluate the proposal, we obviously can't be specific on the impacts. If you are interested I can take you through what we are seeing for Raytheon.
David Strauss - UBS Securities: Yeah sure.
Dave Wajsgras: Okay. I have gone through this before but I think this is probably where you are driving. If you are holding all of our assumptions, the variables that they're working to the pension accounting, constant without considering cash harmonization the 2011 FAS/CAS could increase by about $18 million compared to 2010. If the cash harmonization rules favorably impact the adjustment as we would expect they would in 2011, I might say, it could be as much as a $100 million favorable versus 2010, but again we dont know for sure the actual magnitude until the rules are released. If you go beyond 2011 we see notable improvement in the FAS/CAS adjustment. Finally, turning to income, it is roughly breakeven in 2012 and it turns income in 2013 under the current assumptions without considering any impact from CAS harmonization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Bill, you had some terrible news in terms of your leadership this quarter and you made some changes and moved some people around. There are quite of number of appointments. So I was wondering if you could comment on that and sort of the decisions you made and since we dont really meet these people who run these businesses very often. Maybe just from a bigger picture standpoint bring us up to speed on how you are thinking about the leadership probably to the businesses?
Bill Swanson: Thank you for bringing it up. I was trying to figure out how to make a comment. Jon Jones was a dear friend, somebody I had worked with for many years and he is truly missed. He had all the core values of the company. Clearly Raytheon is a company that works hard on succession planning. It's recognized. Fortune ranked us in the top 25 in nation as far as the development of leaders. Clearly for us, unfortunately for Jon it happened on a Saturday night, was notified first thing Sunday morning, because there was a time change between California and here and clearly we had a team ready to go in place within a few days and it could have been immediately but it was out of respect and weve got Rick Yuse who has got a perfect background for SAS. He is radar guru, technical individual, ran major programs in the Missile Defense Agency and what I call our dinosaur radar is also the big three story [jabbers] that you can see for a long way, just when we put it that way. So, Rick has managed big programs, he managed technology and well have a study hand on the tiller. John Harris, who ran our contract supply chain, has ran operations for me. John has been a director before one way or another for about 15 years, very capable individual, understands that part of the business, knows every contract in the company and a long time Raytheon employee. So hell do well with some real passion, and David Wilkins who came out of NCS and contracts will come right in and for us its same old, same old, it's were often running and there is a deep loss while at the same time we are a company of 75,000 people and a lot of talent and we can react quickly and keep going. Beneath him is another group of individuals that we continue to push to develop, so that the company is ready for anything thats handed to it at any point in time and the CEO succession planning is the most important thing that I do and we are serious about it here. Thank you for asking. It was really, really tough, Jon was a terrific individual, not forgotten and Rick would be the first to tell that his intent is to keep doing what Jon was doing out there because SAS was on a good path.
Dave Wajsgras: Mark, if people want to meet our leadership, we find ways to make that happen. We are very proud of them and would love for people to get the norm because youd see the kind of talent thats in this company real quick.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Yeah. I will say actually a number of folks in the [by-side] have expressed over last several years, get to know some of the segment level management better. So, that actually I would be appreciated. Just on the IIS segment, just to follow-up there. I dont know if you guys mentioned specifically on the contract, the international contract that cause the lower margins, but was that the same one that impacted sales or is that a different one? Can you give us any color on it?
Bill Swanson: I can give you some color. What we decided to do is make an investment in that program because we think its the right thing to do for the long-term growth of the business and the company. It's something we think by doing, it clearly will lead the more opportunities for us in the future and those are the kinds of decisions we know how to make. As far as programs specific, thats not something we get into because of customer reasons and other reasons.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: So you think about it as a one timer?
Bill Swanson: Yeah, and I think of it as an investment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel of Jefferies.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies: Bill, you stressed the growth in the international and it's very impressive, but if we back that out, it appears that if the domestic volumes are relatively flat, OCX clearly offsets that. Are you seeing additional opportunities to sort of improve the domestic growth rate from here? I know this was a big win and you got to make sure you execute properly on it.
Bill Swanson: I would tell you, I am not concerned about the domestic growth rate. What happens is when you look at it; it gets lumpy in different categories. For us, we've got all kinds of different areas from air traffic control to open-road tolling to things that we're going to do in port security and so forth. I mean for us, our homeland security bookings will be up about 25% this year. We expect to do about a $1.4 billion in bookings. We expect sales to be up about 36%. Sales should be about $1.2 billon to $1.3 billion compared to about $900 million last year, so you maybe parsing it different that I do, but I can tell you that I am not concerned with it. I'd love the international to be growing at double-digit, so from our standpoint, we're going to keep the accelerator on both parts.
Dave Wajsgras: This is Dave. Let me just add one thing to that. The one less work down the quarter did disproportionately impact the domestic program. So when you take that into consideration, the growth was more in line with expectations and if you extrapolate and look at it from a full year basis, we continue to see ourselves outpacing the broader market, both on the domestic and international basis.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies: I would gather that's driven a lot by your productivity initiatives. It sounds like you are making real progress and taking some additional cost out and widening the ability to deliver very good returns and what appears to be a little more challenging market with this implementation of the Weapons Procurement Act of '09, is that pretty fair Bill?
Bill Swanson: Yeah, I think so. The way I would say it is from our standpoint, the corporate team here has been the same size for at least the last six, seven years and from our standpoint as we expand our business, we keep the oversight at the same size, so that proportionally help to lift all our business plus every business has a plan to continue to take cost out of it. This is some weve learned long time ago that in good times you better have your foot on the accelerators hard as you can and we continue to do that, but the weapons act and procurement reform and all of that, we welcome it. We really do from the standpoint that that provides us an opportunity, and I think companies that are performing well, have a good outlook as we go forward, but youre right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Merrill Lynch.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Im just wondering if you give a little color on whats going on in your cyber security business. I realized that was an area that you guys made some meaningful investment over the last couple of years?
Bill Swanson: As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are starting to see some small contracts been awarded. The bulk of the activity is really setup for 2011 as the government customers gets more interested and trying to do that. Clearly for us, the color I can tell you is that given our own internal systems, some of the systems that we develop, clearly from a company point of view, we find more zero day intrusions than any other company in the business right now, and we look at it both from an IO and a IA point of view. We see the market starting to gel a little bit, and we see some of the smaller programs that you all wouldnt take interest in, but we do, starting to paying out for us and we look at it differently from a standpoint that we defend ourselves. So if we have something we are developing, we used it in our own systems and scale at that way, so if you take 50,000 or 75,000 users on a system which is us, we can demonstrate that it can be scaled and that is something in cyber that is really important. People can demonstrate small systems, but when you start multiple users, thousands of users then it gets more complicated.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: In the M&A field, are there still interesting targets to look at in that space?
Bill Swanson: Clearly for us, part of our strategic look ahead, sometimes get asked, what do I think about. Speed and agility are still very important for us to take advantage of our portfolio. I think we demonstrate that way with thousands of programs we have and the broad based nature of them, but we are continuing to work our GAAP analysis. I talked about investing internally, but we also look at teaming and the last part is acquisitions. If we can find acquisitions that help us narrow the gap quicker and they make sense and they have a good return on investment, then we are going to do them, but they are niche. They are like what we have been doing nothing out of the ordinary. Then internationally, looking ahead strategically, is staying very close to our customers and providing them solutions that they need. The other thing I should mention that wasnt asked is that we are really thrilled to see Secretary Gates is and the President's new export control reform initiative. The plan relies on four key reforms. There is the single export control list, the single licensing agency and the single enforcement coordination agency and then what I call it single IT system. Controlling these critical technologies and the crown jewels are important. Clearly, those of us in the business and our international customers believe the US has one of the most stringent export regimes in the world, but stringent doesnt mean that it's effective and efficient and we're really welcoming what the President and Secretary Gates is doing to revamp the system. I would have liked to seen it all done at once, but that's just me as an engineer, but there are three-phased approach is very constructive way looking at that and I think that will help our industry and given that we sell in 80 countries around the world, we are looking forward to it helping us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro of Access 342.
George Shapiro - Access 342: Bill, the big increase you are expecting in international orders for the year, is that primarily signing the Turkey Patriot program and how big will that be?
Bill Swanson: No, it's not based on Turkey even though we think Turkey will be in the latter part of the year if something happens there. For us, we've got some Japan activity coming that we expect in maybe next quarter fall timeframe. It really depends on international timing, so let me just say in the next quarter or two. Saudi Arabia, Config-3 has completed all its technical discussions. Weve scope that out the offers moving through the Saudi procurement process, great support with the US government, their ground systems which they got a number of them will be upgraded to phase 3 configuration and the missile inventories included in that. For us, thats something that were expecting this year and we are working hard to get over the goal line. Weve got activity going in Israel, Kuwait and Turkey as you mentioned. UAE has still some stuff going; Australia, probably an award there sometime latter part of the year Q3-Q4. So you name a country, we got something going in right now. Thats why we have a positive outlook on international. Clearly for us, as Dave, talked about our bookings are doing well and we expect to do well there this year.
George Shapiro - Access 342: Dave, you didnt change the diluted shares expected for the year. You said you are somewhat surprised by the early exercise of these warrant, so I conclude that that's just means you are going to be that much more aggressive in buying back stock?
Dave Wajsgra: Well, George that might be one conclusion, but we did initially go out with the range and had considered a number of different variables, timings, stock price, warrant exercises, option exercises. So that's just one element. I would suggest from a diluted share count standpoint looking at the range, youre probably now thinking mid to higher end, but again it's early and well see how things play out for the balance of the year.
George Shapiro -- Access 342: The TS margin, I know you had commented to a question earlier, but to be able to get in the, even to the high end of the range you suggested you got to have one in a quarter really pretty abnormally low, is there anything that's going to be unique to cause that one in a quarter or just is it just a question of conservatism because its early in the year?
Dave Wajsgra: Well, George I dont like that word conservatism, but I appreciate where you are coming from. If you look at the margins for Q2 through the end of the year, basically I wouldnt say there would be one quarter where there would be a hick-up. What I would say is that they wouldnt be a strong overall as was in Q1. I did mentioned earlier that we are now biased obviously towards the high end of their margin range and we'll be looking at that closely and if there is an update needed, we will talk about it on the second quarter call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael French of Morgan Joseph.
Michael French -Morgan Joseph: I have question about the bookings, company-wide basis it was very strong. I was wondering if we could go through on the segment level, obviously IIIS was very, very strong because of GPS OCX contract, and you mentioned earlier procurement reforms. Other companies have reported some congestion in a procurement offices as a result of that and some other issues, so I am wondering were there contracts that you might have expected during the period that seem to have slipped or is it just kind of the normal lumpiness that we see here?
Bill Swanson: I would say its normal lumpiness and for us, we had an outlook of about $26 billion, I think at the beginning of the year. I'd probably say now we're at the $26.5 billion. We've taken it up about $0.5 billion internally, I dont mind telling you. So if you look at it from our standpoint, we feel good about bookings for the year, a way to say it is that we're up about $500 million here. So with bookings and so many different moving pieces here, they tend to be lumpy. The congestion problem, we see thing moving. Clearly, the decision process takes a little bit longer now. People are little bit more cautious, there are protests out there and so I can see where people might say something in that regard. We see one or two small dynamite bomb probably should have been awarded this month or probably will be awarded next month. So I mean 30 days is not something I jump off a roof on, nonetheless it was something I really, really wanted, but 30 days is reasonable.
Marc Kaplan: I'd like to close by thanking everyone for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in learning more about our company, our recent performance and our outlook and we'll look forward to speaking with you again in our second quarter conference call in July.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marc Kaplan - VP, IR William Swanson - Chairman & CEO David Wajsgras - SVP & CFO 
Analysts:  Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch Myles Walton - Oppenheimer Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company George Shapiro - Access 342 Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus  Joseph Campbell - Barclays Capital Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein Joe Nadal - JPMorgan Robert Stallard - Macquarie Group Michael French - Morgan Joseph Brian Ruttenbur - Morgan Keegan Peter Arment - Broadpoint
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Raytheon fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. My name is Michael and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Marc Kaplan, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may proceed.
Marc Kaplan:  Thank you, Michael. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following the live call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We will start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then we'll move on to questions. Please limit your questions to two per caller to allow for broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and that we discuss in detail in our SEC filings. Bill?
William Swanson: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. 2009 was another good year for the company and we remain confident about our future. Clearly there were significant and varied challenges to many business around the world this past year. Yet within this environment we stayed true to the strategic direction we set several years ago. We have right strategy the right processes and the right talent in place to meet our customers' needs and to deliver strong financial results. We believe our performance reflects the strength of our strategic planning and execution and our company's alignment with customer priorities. We are well positioned to take advantage of the changes taking place in the world to build on our record of performance and to create value for our customers and our shareholders. Looking at 2009, we have a book-to-bill ratio greater than one and we ended the year with a backlog of $37 billion including the highest year-end funded backlog in the company's history. Our full year sales were up 7% our EPS was up 24% we generated strong cash flow and we continued to improve our return on invested capital. As we mentioned at October, we expect to deliver solid growth in 2010. Dave will provide you with more color on our financial performance both for the quarter and for the year in a few minutes and our outlook for 2010. But I wanted to first hit a couple of the highlights. We continue to see good performance across our portfolio, which is recognized by our customers, it's clearly a major contributing factor to our growth both in the U.S. and international markets. Within these markets we're seeing strong demand in important areas to Raytheon. Good example is missile defense, the administration has identified our Standard Missile-3 and extend radars as critical elements in the missile defense systems for the U.S. and our outliers around the world. Other countries like the UAE, Taiwan and Japan have confirmed their need for world-class capabilities. We're seeing strong support domestically and internationally for our Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance work particularly in the classified area. There is also increasing demand for our homeland security solutions, which were highlighted by $446 million international classified award in the fourth quarter. Our bookings in homeland security doubled in 2009 and our sales growth over the past two years have averaged just under 20%. Training also continues to be a strong area. We booked $1.3 billion of domestic in foreign operational training programs during 2009.  As you would expect there is also increasing demand our world-class cyber solutions, which as setting new standards in the emerging markets space. And our core business continues to do well in missiles for example we're seeing strong demand for AMRAAM, Evolved SeaSparrow, Standard Missile-2, TOW and Phalanx just to mentioned a few. In addition to focusing our customers' immediate priorities, as a technology company we're able to both forward fit and backward fit our solutions to enhance our customers. capabilities. As a result we're able react quickly to meet our customers' machine critical needs at an affordable cost. Our broad range of customer spend, the major U.S. defense and security agencies and we do business in 80 countries around the world. 30% of our total bookings and 21% of our total sales during year worked from international customers. Going forward, we believe that our international business will continue to be a key driver in Raytheon's growth. In summary, our businesses are performing well with over 8000 programs and 15,000 contracts. We have a diverse portfolio we are well positioned and we will continue to be a predictable performer. Our portfolio is built on capabilities that support and meet the global needs of our customers both today and tomorrow. With that I'd like to recognize the entire Raytheon team for successfully executing our strategy and supporting our customer focus mission, which is to ensure customer success. We started in 2009 with 73,000 employees and we began the New Year with 75,000 strong. All of us are committed to our customers and our shareholders and we're excited to about the future. With that I'll now turn it over to Dave.
David Wajsgras:  Okay, thanks Bill and good morning everyone. I have a few opening remarks starting with fourth quarter and full year results. Then I'll discuss our outlook for 2010 and after that Bill and I will open up the call for question.  During my remarks I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning which are posted on our website. Okay so if everyone would please move to page three, we delivered strong results in both the quarter and the full year. We book $25.1 billion in new business ending the year with a $36.9 billion backlog. Our 10% sales growth during the quarter and 7% sales growth for the year highlight the continued demand for our solutions and the strength of our business. Fourth quarter EPS from continuing operations was the $1.30 up 29% and for the full year $4.89 up 24%. We also generated strong operating cash flow of $2.7 billion during the year. For 2010 we expect another year of solid sales growth and strong operational performance and reaffirming the guidance that we've provided you in October. I'll discuss our guidance further in just a few minutes. If you'd now turn to page four, I'll go through some of the details of our fourth quarter and full year results. Again, strong bookings of $7.1 billion in the quarter and $25.1 billion for the full year resulted in a backlog of $36.9 billion. 39% of our total bookings during the quarter and 30% of our total bookings for the year were from international customers. As a remainder, in Q4 of 2008 we had a especially strong bookings primarily related to the $2.5 billion UAE Patriot contract. Our book-to-bill ratio for both the fourth quarter and the full year of 2009 was greater than one, which bodes well for our future.  Here are some of the highlights during the quarter. IDS booked $990 million to provide advanced Patriot Air and Missile Defense capability for Taiwan and $160 related for the renewal of an international Patriot technical support contract. IDS also booked $315 for systems design work for the Zumwalt-class destroyer for the U.S. Navy. IIS booked a $153 million on a contract to provide ISR support to the U.S. Air Force and $519 million on the number of classified contracts. Missile systems booked $223 million for the production and two for international customers in the U.S. Navy and a little over $100 million for the development of SM-3 for the Missile Defense Agency. MS also booked $201 million for the production of the Evolved SeaSparrow Missile for international customers in the U.S. Navy, $170 million for the production of Maverick missiles for an international customer and $111 million for the production TOW Missiles for international customers and the US Army. NCS booked $446 million on an international classified program. NCS also booked an additional $127 million for a total system replacement program. SAS booked $122 million for the B2 radar program and $131 million on a number of classified contracts. Technical services booked $67 million for work on domestic operational training programs for the US Army. If you'd move the page five, we continued to deliver strong sales growth, 10% on the quarter to 7% on the full year. IDS at fourth quarter 2009 net sales was $1.5 billion, up 8% for the quarter and 7% for the full year, primarily due to growth on international Patriot programs. IIS at fourth quarter 2009 net sales of $803 million. For the year IIS net sales were up 2% primarily the result of growth on various classified programs partially offset as expected by lower sales on the International e-Borders Program. As we said in the past, the initial development phase of this program was completed in the early part of 2009.  Missile Systems net sales of $1.4 billion up 3% for both the quarter and for the year. Missile's net sales in 2009 were driven by higher volume on the SM-3 and Maverick programs. NCS had fourth quarter 2009 net sales of $1.3 billion, for the quarter sales were up 12% and for the year sales were up 7% primarily due to higher volume on various production programs mainly for the U.S. Army. Space and Airborne Systems had nets of $1.3 billion in the quarter up 9% and for the year net sales of $4.6 billion or up 7% driven by growth on their classified business. Technical Services had fourth quarter 2009 net sales of $888 million up 19%. Full year sales of $3.2 billion were up 22%, the sales growth at TS during both periods was due to strong growth in domestic and foreign operational training programs supporting the U.S. Army, as well on ATCOTS program for the Federal Aviation Administration. Moving to page six, we delivered strong operation performance in both the quarter and the full year. Our total operating margin was up 130 basis points for the quarter and up 90 basis points for the year. As a remainder, our fourth quarter and full year 2008 operating margin included a $45 million after-tax unfavorable CAS pension adjustment. This was due to impact of pension asset returns on existing contracts during 2008.  Looking at the business margins, IDS had solid results in both the quarter and the year, the change from 2008 was primarily driven by the change in contact mix that we discussed on prior calls. At IIS missiles and TS margins for the year remained consists or slightly improved compared with 2008.  NCS margin in the quarter was inline with the same period in 2008, and up a 130 basis points for the year primarily due to improve performance on a broad range of programs. And finally, SAS margin in the quarter was down 60 basis points primarily due to the timing of performance improvements in 2008 versus 2009. On a full year basis SAS margin was up 80 basis points primarily due to favorable mix as well as contractual settlements. Turning now to page seven. Fourth quarter EPS from continuing operations was a $1.30 versus the $1.01 in 2008, the 29% increase was driven by operational improvements, reduced share count, the 2008 CAS pension adjustments and lower FAS/CAS pension expense. We've also provided you with a summary of our earnings per share result excluding the impact of the FAS/CAS pension adjustment. We recognized that many analysts and investors look at FAS/CAS adjusted EPS as another important financial measure, because it adjusts for the non-cash and temporary differences between FAS and CAS pension accounting. Fourth quarter 2009, FAS/CAS adjusted EPS was up 22%, we've provided a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure on Page sixteen in the appendix.  Tuning now to page eight, on a full year EPS from continuing operations was $4.89 versus $3.93 in 2008 an increase of 24% primarily due to operational improvements and reduced share count. Full year 2009 FAS/CAS adjusted EPS was up 18%. Before moving to our 2010 outlook, let me briefly comment on cash flow and summarize 2009. The company generated strong operating cash flow of $2.7 billion in 2009 compared to $2 billion in 2008. Improved performance and on a net basis lower cash tax payments were the primary drivers. Summarizing 2009 was another very strong year for company. As we have already mentioned, our book-to-bill ratio exceeded one, this is especially notable in light of strong 7% sales growth. We continue to deliver solid margins and earnings per share, we generated $2.7 billion of operating cash flow, we repurchased $1.2 billion of stock and we acquired BBN Technology, the world leader in research and development and provider of critical solutions for national defense and security missions. A track record of delivering strong operational and financial performance and/or solid balance sheet give us confidence as we focus on the future and flexibility as we continue to grow the business.  Turing now to page nine, we are reaffirming the financial outlook for 2010 that we provided in October. We expect continued growth in sales in the range of between $25.9 billion and $26.4 billion. As for pension, we now see FAS/CAS pension expense of $220 million versus $228 that we projected in October.  The change is primarily driven by our assets returns in 2009, which were up over 17% for the full year. Our end of year discount rate was 6.25% quarter consistent with what we had assumed in October. We expect net interest expense to be between $95 million and a $110 million, a slight change from our prior guidance but inline with 2009.  We see average diluted shares outstanding to be between $337 million and $382 million on a full year basis. As far effective tax rate, we want to be clear that for planning purpose then consistent with our prior practice, we are assuming that the R&D credit extension gets passed in 2010 retroactive for the full year and accordingly we have included it in our 2010 guidance. It favorably impacts the effective tax rate by 90 basis points and has worked about $0.07 in EPS. I'd also like to remind everyone that effective January 1, of 2009, we will require to adopt the new accounting standard for non-controlling interests for Raytheon this relates primarily to Thales-Raytheon Systems Company LLC, which is included in NCS financial results. EPS and EPS from continuing operations are calculated based on net income attributable to Raytheon Company and income from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company, both of which we report separately on our income statement. In 2010 we expect EPS to be in the range of $4.75 to $4.90 we see our FAS/CAS adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5.13 to $5.28. You'll notice a slight change from our prior guidance of the FAS/CAS adjusted EPS line, this is nearly due to change in the tax rate used in calculating the FAS/CAS impact. We believe using the statutory tax rate more precisely represents the tax impact of the adjustment. Our operating cash flow guidance is unchanged from our prior guidance at $2 billion to $2.2 billion. A key driver of the difference in cash flow from 2009 is higher cash tax payments in 2010. And finally, we expect our turn on invested capital to be between 12.2% and 12.6%. You should also be aware that we've update or definition of ROIC, which is included on page 15 to now exclude the FAS/CAS pension adjustment, it better reflects how we measure the company's financial and operational performance. Continuing on the page 10, I'll briefly comment on our outlook by business. First, we expect all of our business to grow and perform well in 2010. On a FAS/CAS adjusted basis we expect to deliver solid margins by focusing on sales growth and operational performance across the company. If you'd move to page 11, we provided you with our 2010 outlook by quarter. You should note that in the first we are impacted by both workdays and the timing of sales between Q4, 2009 and Q1 of this year. Finally on page 12, we provided you with the summary of the financial impact of pensions in 2009, as well as our assumptions for 2010. In 2010 we expect to make total cash contributions of approximately 1.1 billion inline with what we contributed in 2009. So, let me conclude by saying that we delivered strong results in 2009, we have a strong balance sheet, a diverse portfolio of innovative technologies, strong demand for our solutions both domestically and internationally. And we are confident in our ability to continue to deliver profitable growth in 2010.  With that, [Dona], I'll open up the call to questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Two quick questions, could you, Bill, walk us through the 2010 guidance and the major assumptions in each of the segments and then provide if you would in specifics an update on SeaPower? 
William Swanson :  Let me take them in kind of reverse order on SeaPower clearly we've see the Navy sorting out their ship building program as they go through that, that's the challenge and that will be coming out in the budget here in the next week or two, and for us we clearly see the Navy trying to take a bigger interest in what I'll call missile defense. So, we see a role there where they start electronics and the gear we build will have a major impact on how the Navy does that mission. At the same time I believe we are going to have the keep some ships floating longer than people anticipated and so some back fit of our electronics there to keep these platforms state of the art will probably play into that and clearly it would be me speculating, but I think the navy is going to look at more network centric capabilities of how they provide more data and sensor capability into the shooter as I would call it. So that's kind of how I see the Navy going forward, as far as our business 
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC:  Before you jump into that, just a quick question, if CGX were to go away is there any impact at this point or does it change anything from the long term view?
William Swanson:  No, I don't think so. I think from our standpoint we kind of look at it simply in our terms you always have to see something. So you need a radar and we believe our dual band radars of X and S band are kind of premier in the world and so for us if it's going to flow you need to see something on it you've also need sonar systems to make sure under water you know what's going on and there again that's our will house. You've always got to have missile on a ship whatever ship it is and that's part our strength. Then you need EW, we are closing weapon support capability and that's another area for us. So that's why I'm always so positive about our portfolio that if you think about it in mission terms that's what we've got portfolios for to be able to adopt and change whichever way our customers are going. And then we've developed I think some speed of execution here that allows us to be flexible to meet those needs. So I don't lose any sleep over that there's always activity in the press on that, but we come out at a different way if that helps.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: On the major assumptions, thanks Bill.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch:  I was wondering if you could give us maybe little more color on each of the segments as we go on to 2010 maybe some of the key assumptions that got you through where your are thinking is on sales and margins?
William Swanson:  Okay, Ron that's the fair question. Since the last, (inaudible) before you ask the same question, so let me try to put just the little bit of color on that. First of all, all of our businesses are growing and margins are up in each of our businesses from and operational perspective you'll recall that SAS had a claims in 2009 which amounted to about 40 basis points of improvement so again on an operational basis we're seeing improvement year-over-year. And NCS is impacted by BBN and the related acquisition cost. If you stand back from all of this, growth of 4% to 6% is driven by both domestic and international sales. As for IDS the implied growth of 3% to 7% driven by our International Patriot Programs and that business benefits from a production efficiencies as of the volume ramps up in these programs. IIS we see growth there coming primarily in the classified area and we see performance improvement basically across the board in that business you'll recall that's where the main focus of our cyber efforts are managed. For Missile Systems we're seeing strength in Phalanx and AMRAAM as we look to '10 and just general program efficiencies across the board. NCS I've already addressed the impact of BBN, but they also as Bill mentioned earlier, one and important classified program in international classified program in the fourth quarter that would be ramping up as well. From the technical services standpoint they have performed exceedingly well from a sales standpoint driven by the domestic and international training programs. We see growth on our war fighter focused efforts from roughly $1 billion in '09 to about $1.2 in '09. Again, just general program efficiencies across the board in that business. SAS, I spoke a little bit about SAS their increase is driven primarily by volume on classified business, which we spoke to and some continuing growth in international Airborne tactical radars. Overall performance is strong, operationally we've talked about SAS throughout the year, so we are confident in that business being able to deliver. I hope that gives you some color as to what 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Oppenheimer and Company. You may proceed.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer:  A question for you on IDS margin this is kind of first year I think in last few that you're guiding up relative to where you finished the prior year and I'm just curious are we at the bottom looking backup the curve or at this as the international pipeline works its way through the system, or do you think kind of where we are is where we are going today, obviously you had margins in '06 through '08 time period a couple of 300 points above here at times and just curious if we are backup on a trajectory towards those levels?
William Swanson: Well, that business continues to perform very well, has the overall highest margin profile in the company and I'd say industry wide. We are ramping up on the newer word at Taiwan pay three at air missiles defense system that we announced about a month ago and we are continuing to ramp up on UAE from the margin standpoint there production efficiencies continue to help improve the bottom line as the volume does ramp up. We are comfortable with the guidance that we provided for this year and I'd rather not speculate on the out years at this point. 
Marc Kaplan:  Michael, I think you are ready for the next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel of Jefferies. You may proceed.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: Maybe I'm allowed to do one for Dave and one for Bill. For you now, I mean I could have talked about the [red sox], I don't think you would have liked that so
William Swanson : You don't get any questions and next question 
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: No, no don't. You know the 1.1 billion or so that you are funding in pension Dave, as you sort of look out, is there a point where you'll be able to take that to maybe half of what it is now given the performance and sort of the ability that narrow the gap on liabilities and assets?
David Wajsgras: Yeah I'm actually glad you asked that. If you look at 2010, we talked about it just a few minutes ago, we are looking at gross funding of about $1.1 billion on a net basis, after adjusted for the CAS side of the equation, it's on a net basis about $500 million. Looking at '11 again all other things being equal we are looking at gross contributions of about $900 million and on a net basis some where in the $300 million range and that importantly assumes no harmonization. 
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company:  Okay and then for Bill, IIS I was think of is being a very above average sort of organization, but when I look at the numbers for that DNI published for growth in the Intel budget, it was up about 5% not too different from what IISs revenue growth was. And then when I look at the backlog year-on-year or the awards you were down several $100 million for the full year in that business unit, could you to the degree possible sort of, you know is there a loss there of some business is it a mix and could you help us a little bit?
William Swanson: Yeah, I can, Howard, I don't mean to make you feel good, but it's a real good question. From the standpoint of what happened in our classified business, our customers in that arena face tough budget for share, they have gone through and revamped the number of their programs, we had let me say a few at least that should have been awarded mid year, one came out near the end of the year and we have some, this year in fact one major classified competitor got awarded last night. I can't tell you that amount or who it is, but clearly it was one we were accounting on last year, so that affected the number. If you look overall at our classified bookings they were about 18% the total last quarter. For '09 our classified bookings in total were up they were 14% of our total bookings that was up a little bit over '08, our classified sales for last year were about 13% for growth rate of about 15% over 2008 and we expect classified sales to be about 14% roughly of our total this year and a growth rate of 10% to 15%. So in engineering terms I'd call it an RC time constant that kind of got delayed a little bit and not that things didn't happen, they got pushed a little bit to the right and we expect ISS to be okay this year if that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro of Access 342.
George Shapiro - Access 342: Bill, can you just run through potential Patriot and other international orders that are out there for this year and next year?
William Swanson: I'd be happy to, clearly Patriots getting a lot of attention, we are sitting down talking to Saudi Arabia for them they need to research their missiles and they need to go through on upgrade to PAC3. Taiwan actually had their first order placed last year, they need additional fire units so we expect a few more for them. Israel will be having and I should put in timetable that sorry, if we'd like to see something this year, but that depends on the timing of our customers. Taiwan would probably be in late this year or '11 timeframe. Israel upgrading their fire units there and that little bit in '10, some in '11 and '12. Kuwait, we expect them to upgrade and get additional, that's probably early '11 and less something make that go to left. Turkey there is a potential for that late this year they are going through their competitive assessment and then [gutter] looks like early '11 kind of timeframe. So for us lot of activity there is other countries, but that's kind of where the focus of our effort is there, plus ongoing tech support engineering services and logistics on Patriot worldwide. Japan is also going through their analysts we will see their budget coming out here shortly and I expect more activity in Japan.
George Shapiro - Access 342: And if you would roughly just give the ballpark dollar figures that might be involved in this
William Swanson : It is kind of hard to say, I mean if you look at on the Patriot is usually in the $1 billion range to $2 billion range, most countries except Israel, Israel we have to remember our foreign military funds an so Israel would be smaller, let me just say, that might be in the $100 million range spread over a couple of years kind of thing, but the rest of them are at least $1 billion bucks. I get more specific. George. but it is hard, they can change quantities and time face and everything so we are kind of affluent on it, but they are big numbers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Troy Lahr of Stifel Nicolaus.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus : Thanks. Bill, can you may be about the competitive landscape where you guys have been doing pretty well with market share, but also where you are seeing some competitive pressures especially as budgets maybe look to slow down here and people are talking some adjacent markets.
William Swanson: Yeah I'd probably say from a point of view if you take our businesses in the missile world we've got a great portfolio. I think our missile operations are national asset and are world class and what they do. If you look at our SAS business, clearly Airborne radars are always a competitive world and for us with our rates for radar and we're trying to get into other markets on platforms that we haven't been on and so there is competition there. The ISR world has been great growth for us. We have some of the best sensors in the world that are built out at SAS, but there is completion that we welcome it from a standpoint given how we compete. Command and controls are always competitive field, there is a lot of players there that to be in our NCS business. But internationally, we continue to do very well there as we go about the intelligence and information business when Howard's question when you look at that, that's a competitive world type budgets. So we see completions in that business. In the missile defense arena and radars, clearly having radars that are affordable that can see things that no one else can see differentiates us, so our standpoint we work hard on our technology to make sure we've got something that's better than what someone else is doing in that affordable price and the ability to turn that around quickly. Technical services the training and support businesses always competitive. People who are there margins are in the 7% range kind of plus or minus and so you see that. But we feel pretty good about what we're doing. We have some innovative training we've learned from our commercial side of the business. We do a lot of that automotive training for each of that automotive companies and they made us figure out how to do compression and training. So we think it makes us competitive there.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: But have you seen any changes over last say six months?
William Swanson: No. And I see a well-disciplined process there, I don't see anybody acting crazy in the market place, did that help you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Campbell of Barclays Capital.
Joseph Campbell - Barclays Capital: Now the President said last night, he is going to continue to grow defense while freezing most of the parts of the other Federal budget things, he has reaffirmed his commitments to Afghanistan and that would seem to bode well. On the other hand it might bring more scrutiny since the DoD and only a few other that continue to get more money. And I wondered if you thought that there were some risk that the government might increase I mean no scrutiny, there has been some big programs with some visible, disappointments, I'm sure relative to what both the contactor and the government hoped. Whether you are seeing any rumblings of changes in the business relationship, it seem that Bob and Bill and Ashton Carter and Shay said some things need to change, I know you saw them all at AIA, is there anything that you are seeing or the Raytheon is seeing that sort of affecting the way the business is going and is there anything you can do to protect against what they might do to inflate yourself?
William Swanson : Yes, the way you protect yourself as you do better than what they expect on the contract. From our standpoint, performance has always been something that we've tried to drive into our D&A culture here in the company and part of it is that how do we do better than what we sign up or how does our performance exceed expectation and I think Raytheon's margins are a reflection of our performance that customers and you've hear DoD talk about this is they are willing to pay for performance, but if you are not performing, they are not going to pay for it. And I've always had the same when things went funny, the sharks come out and eat it. And you don't want programs swimming funny and so we worked very hard here to make sure our programs are green or blue and performing well and I would have plot DoD that opened up communication, they talk about the issues that bother them, but there is an obligation to us as a contractor to perform. And I think that's how companies can and should insulate themselves and scrutiny you always have, where these are taxpayer dollars and we're supposed to do our job. So that's kind of how I look at it.
Joseph Campbell - Barclays Capital: Do you see some stepping up, I can't tell whether this is talked or whether there really is some change in the work. Yes, I think you are right, I mean if you do great, you will be fine.
William Swanson: Yes, and they have said. If you expect, if your program is not running right, then you are to expect some bad things to happen to it and I believe there is action taking place. The scrutiny is starting to take place and from that standpoint the government has an obligation and we'll put added pressure. It's normal in Washington that eight people are getting money and two people are, the two that are going to get a lot of visibility, because of the other eight are going to be complaining, that's just human nature. But you can rush the short from our standpoint that we're not wavering in the way we do business and we are a company that does the open (inaudible) here that we want to make sure that we're transparent not only to our customers, but to investors and shareholders.
Joseph Campbell - Barclays Capital:  It doesn't help, but here to have 50,000 instead of half a dozen. Terrific, thanks very much, Bill.
Operator: 
 :
Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities:  Bill, you went through I guess with George earlier about some of the international Patriots or it sounded like a lot of them are some late '10 maybe even into '11, can you just talk more generally about the company in terms of what you assume you'll see in order to this year domestically versus internationally, because I remember last year, I think the 25 billion you threw out relatively early in the year as to what you expect in 2009, I don't know if you had something like that for 2010?
William Swanson:  Yes. As you know the bookings are always lumpy, but they help you guys. I'll give you another number of about 26 billion plus or minus 500 million kind of to get in the range we feel good about that. Our international business from a standpoint just to add a little more color, they were 39% of our bookings in the fourth quarter, sales were about 23% in the fourth quarter. For the year, our bookings were about 30% of the total versus 28% in '08. International sales were about 21% of the total in '09 with a growth rate of about 15% over '08, so that was pretty good. International bookings, we expect to be in the 28% or 30% range for 2010. And if I remember right, sales for 2010 are to be in that 22% to 24% range. So that's kind of how the mix goes if we'd look at 2010 and classified, we expect those to be 12% plus or minus a little and we expect our sales next year to be about 14% of total sales for growth rate of about 10% to 15%. So pretty much same kind of year, this year international doing what we said it would do couple years ago when we kind of took a look five years out kind of see growth going and us getting to 25%, 75% mix, but I don't get hang up on the mix, what I get hang up on is having the double digit growth rate on the volume and sales, because that's what really drives the business. So we got a couple of strategic pursuits this year to competitive. We've got GPS OCX and IIS. And we got small diameter bomb where we came into that one late in the game or trying to put a good effort for to see what we can do on that. So that's kind of the color the year that I seen and we need to do what we've been doing and try and short the timelines, because both domestically and internationally the awards taken a little bit longer and so our job is to do everything again and try and move into left.
Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned, Sanford Bernstein.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein: Good morning. Now, as we're seeing the operations tempo when Afghanistan ramp up, I was interest in understanding what you see the impact of that as being particularly on MCS and Missile System?
William Swanson: Yeah, I think I'd said last time around our last public thing that I didn't see that much lift from Afghanistan, we view that really as a troop issue, but clearly some of the equipments getting tired and so there could be some out of that, but for us it's minimal in our planning as we look at it for 2010.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein:  So there's not San Diego precision weapons that sort of thing, you are not seeing anything as an additional lift there?
William Swanson:  No. Things change then Excalibur, which we just finish testing on, I think we did 65 flights, I think of it more as a small missile, but it comes out of a gun. We did 65 of those unbelievable success rate and that's been approved for theatre. So somebody could call up and want to add and clearly it's a game changer, you can put that project dial any place you want to the right post office boxes as I call it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadal, JPMorgan.
Joe Nadal - JPMorgan:  Thanks, good morning. Just a couple of quick numbers here. On the segment margins, are you guys are guiding down just here from 10 to 30 basis points somewhere you where in 2009 for 2010 and given all the great international numbers that you deciding Bill, just wondering if there is some conservatism backed in there, this is symptomatic of tougher environment overall, how are you thinking about the margin profile. The second, this little net is on IDS you came in towards the low end of your range for the year and I was just wondering if something moved from Q4 into Q1 or something along those lines.
David Wajsgras:  Joe, this is Dave. From a full year margin standpoint on a company level if you were to adjust that for the SAS contractual claims that I spoke to earlier and the acquisition cost associated with the BBN, the margins are actually inline to what slightly improved versus '09. So if these kind of stand back we're continuing to make progress in that area. Relative to IDS that we set up the range and we're comfortable with where they ended in Q4 there was nothing remarkable with the place and you can see that year-over-year we're suggesting margin improvement in that business.
Joe Nadal - JPMorgan:  I was talking about sales not margins for IDS.
William Swanson: I'll jump in here that on the sales side, the international came in at the later part of the year, we expect that those are little sooner. And if something comes in late in the fourth quarter it's pretty hard to get in, not hard it's impossible to keep sales on it. So we just, as I mentioned earlier that's really a timing thing to get it through.
Joe Nadal - JPMorgan:  Okay. There's nothing going on with DDG 1000 and volume in 2010 similar to 2009 on that program?
William Swanson:  Yes, exactly. In fact, that was in order that we expected to come in December and it should be first quarter this year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard, Macquarie.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Group: Good morning. Dave, just a couple of quick numbers questions for you. Why did you adjust your interest forecast for the full year?
David Wajsgras:  Well in December of 2009, we retired our 4.85% notes that were due in 2011. Also in '09 we terminated some interest rates swaps that were in a favorable position. So portion of the gain from those swaps were related to the retied notes and this was the gain portion was accelerated into '09. So there is a net pick up on that line in '09 that won't replicate itself in '10.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Group:  Okay. And then secondly I thought to give it a crack, could you give us any idea of your preliminary thoughts on where the pension expense may go in the next couple of years?
David Wajsgras:  We've talked about '10 with respect to '11 I did suggest on the last call that if the harmonization rules came out, I'd be able to add some more clarity, but let me just give you the short version. We had returns that approached 17.5% on our pension assets in 2009. So that did favorably impact '11 from what we were thinking just a few months ago. Cutting through all that we see sort of the FAS/CAS pension adjustment in '11 and this is important holding all the variable constant discount rate assumed long rate of return and the other actuarial assumptions. If you hold all those constant, if would approach about $300 million, so it could be up about $80 million and we were thinking a little bit more that just a few months ago. I want to repeat, it doesn't include the potential favorable impact of cash harmonization. If that were to happen, it would move in the other direction maybe to the benefit of $100 plus or minus. Let me just finish, because so many people ask me this, as you go to '12, it actually approaches breakeven if some more to in the neighborhood of about a negative $50 million and then if you go to 2013, you actually term positive on the FAS/CAS adjusted basis.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael French - Morgan Joseph.
Michael French - Morgan Joseph:  Good morning, gentlemen. Question on the uses of cash, should we expect any changes in your priorities this year and how do you view the acquisition pipeline statement out?
William Swanson:  I wouldn't expect any changes and what we've done we've been pretty transparent and talked about being balanced and how we do it. And regarding the acquisitions, I think it looks about the same as I did last year, at least going into this year. Clearly, some companies don't have a balance sheet like ours, so that puts a different kind of pressure on them and each company has to decide what they're going to do. But for me, I don't see much change in that regard.
David Wajsgras:  Now, clearly we have a very strong balance sheet. We're exiting 2009 in a net cash position. Specifically, we have more cash on hand than we do debt. So looking ahead and generating next year between $2 and $2.2 billion in operating cash flow does give us a lot of flexibility, which both Bill and I spoke to a little bit earlier. We've talked about the pension funding being on a gross level about $1.1 billion. We'll continue, which is in prior to guidance at some level with repurchase plan. I'll obviously be looking at the dividend program and as Bill just mentioned, we're looking more closely at strategically important acquisitions. As Bill mentioned earlier, we're thinking in terms of maybe upwards to $500 million plus or minus. These are more longer-term strategic investments that fit from a technological standpoint into the portfolio and help us grow longer term.
Michael French - Morgan Joseph:  Okay, very good. And If I can ask a quick follow up on the M&A, you did mentioned that BBN, one of the classified contract in the fourth quarter. How is the integration going in BBN?
William Swanson:  It's going great. BBN is one of those companies when you look inside. People look at www think worldwide web. We think of it is where visitors work and BBN has got some great technology, they interface well with what we do if you think about somebody developing things and then you think about have an 8000 programs and have an international arm that allows you to deploy things, it's a great mirage. And I'll speak for them, I think they're happy with the way the integration is going and we're happy with the integration is going. And it's a nice alignment and as people look at it, they give us great marks on that acquisition and that's kind of stuff that the company likes where you can take one and one and get four out of it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Ruttenbur of Morgan Keegan.
Brian Ruttenbur - Morgan Keegan:  Thank you very much. First of all, the guidance that you have put out there, does that include the Afghan Surge and the troop withdraw in Iraq. And then secondly, number of Patriot systems that you've deployed and the number that need to be upgraded in the next three to five years?
David Wajsgras: Yes, that includes what we know about the budget process in Afghanistan, that's included in it. Regarding Patriot, I don't have of the top of my head how many systems that we got, but I'd have to go through every country from memory that we've got about 11, 12 countries that got Patriot. Smallest number could be three fire units to one that up in the 20s. So that's kind of the range, but you can think of Patriot is, there is always sustaining effort, we're always do an engineering because there is obviously lessons in parts that go out that you go to have a redesign effort to replenish. If you look at UAE, there is a good redesign effort going on there with color displays, new come on, and kind of mass groups and forth. Once we finished that development, then those will be offered to other countries. So Patriot is one of the most unique systems in the world in the sense that it went through development, deployment, sustainment and now it's starting all over again, which means everybody that's got Patriot always looks to upgrade it. So it's one of those nice hallmark systems if that helps.
William Swanson:  Michael, we have time for one more question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment - Broadpoint.
Peter Arment - Broadpoint: Yes, thanks very much. Good morning Bill, Dave and Mark. Congratulations on the results. Bill, just maybe a big picture just last one, post this QDR coming out in the shift kind of the focusing on the asymmetric warfare. I mean does that change anything for Raytheon capture any additional growth opportunities going forward or is that just kind of conformation and sink up where Raytheon is kind of been focused all along, it seems very well positioned?
William Swanson: I'd just start with your one and I think we're very well positioned. I talked earlier in my remarks that if you look up where the building is going clearly, they need to be able to handle both types of contingencies and the one that demands more ISR, persistent ISR, I think the bigger operated word, how do you have it 27/7 or as my wife says 25/8 in our household. And so from that standpoint, that's where we excel. How do you net that information and provide it others, if you look at our DCGS system 10.2, I call it Google with a clearance. You can pass a data amongst your sensors and systems to anyone at various classified levels. If you look at missile defense clearly, what we're trying to do in that arena with proven systems SM3 as the best in the world there and has one of the best test records.  And our radars, as I mentioned our X-band ground based radars are there is nothing like them in the world and while we feel comfortable with that, so that's getting some attention. I think the QDR will address cyber, we've lived with, .mail, .com, .gov. and .com. I think there maybe a fourth domain here that people got to start thinking about and we'll see what happens, but I suspect that's going to get some attention. So you look at all of that. That's what we've been talking about the last few years of where we wanted to be and I think given our broad based portfolio, it's helped us to anticipate the future. So we look to work with optimism not concern.
Marc Kaplan: Okay. I'd like to close by thanking everyone for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in learning more about our company, our recently performance and our outlook. And we look forward to speaking with you again in our first quarter conference call in April. Michael?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Marc Kaplan - VP, Investor Relations Bill Swanson - Chairman and CEO Dave Wajsgras - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities Robert Stallard - Macquarie Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch David Strauss - UBS  Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Joseph Nadal - JPMorgan 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Raytheon second quarter 2009 conference call. My name is Lauren and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call Mr. Marc Kaplan, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Marc Kaplan: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today on our second quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we'll reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following the live call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then we'll move on to questions. Please limit your questions to two per caller to allow for broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the Company's future plans, objectives and expected performance, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based in a wide range of assumption that the Company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release, and that we discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Bill?
Bill Swanson: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. We delivered solid performance during the quarter and continue to maintain our strong financial position. Our sales were up 4%, EPS was up 25%, and we continued to have good cash flow. We also had strong bookings, ending the quarter with $37 billion backlog. 29% of our bookings came from international customers and 18% came from classified awards, and as we announced in our news release this morning we increased our guidance for full year 2009 sales, EPS and ROIC. Our financial results during the quarter and our improved outlook for the year demonstrate that our strategy is working. We built a diverse portfolio of increasingly strong programs all aligned with the current and evolving needs of our customers in the U.S. and internationally. Speaking of international at the Paris Air Show last month I had the opportunity to meet with many of our domestic and international customers and I was encouraged by what I heard. Our programs are performing well and the level of demand for our technologies and capabilities continues to increase. The political threat environment around the world is driving a lot of interest in our areas of strength, particularly in ISR, missile defense, border security, training and mission support, and cyber security. We continue to differentiate ourselves by our approach and our performance. The unique characteristics of our business model, is that we benefit whether our technologies are used to build new capabilities or upgrade the capabilities of existing systems. We support our customers in multiple ways. Dave's going to take you through the details of our financial performance in the quarter and our full year outlook. And we want to leave plenty of time for your questions. So, let me wrap up by saying that, we delivered solid results for the quarter. We expect to continue to perform well in the second half of the year, and we are optimistic about our future. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
Dave Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks starting with the second quarter highlight and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. Everyone would please move to page 3 as Bill noted, we performed well in the second quarter. EPS from continuing operations was $1.24, up 25%. Income from continuing operations of $504 million was up 17% and our book-to-bill ratio was 1.2 times.  Operating cash flow from continuing operations during the quarter of $512 million was above the high end of our prior guidance, primarily due to timing. I want to highlight the fact that our cash performance during the quarter included $395 million in higher cash contributions to our pension plans, compared to the same period last year. For the full year, we expect a total gross cash contribution to our plans to be $1.1 billion in line with our total contributions in 2008. Also related to cash, the Company repurchased 6.6 million shares of common stock for $300 million in the second quarter, bringing the year-to-date repurchase the 13.4 million shares for $600 million. And as Bill noted earlier, we increased our full year guidance for sales, EPS and ROIC. I'll provide additional color on guidance in just a few minutes. Turning now to page 4, let me provide you with some more detail on our second quarter results. As I just mentioned we had a book-to-bill ratio of 1.2 times on bookings of $7.6 billion in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis our book-to-bill ratio was 1.1 times. During the quarter IDS booked $877 million to provide advanced Patriot air and missile defense capability for several domestic and international customers including the U.S. Army, the UAE, Taiwan and Kuwait. IDS also booked a $157 million to provide SL-AMRAAM systems to Finland, a $150 million for JLENS for the U.S. Army, and a $142 million for two Volume Search Radar arrays for the U.S. navy, one for the Zumwalt-class destroyer program and one for the CVN 78 aircraft carrier. Other notable awards during the quarter included $521 million of missiles for the production for the AMRAAM for the U.S. Air Force and international customers, and $260 million for Phalanx Weapon Systems for the U.S. Navy and U.S. Army. Missiles also booked $207 million for the production of Tactical Tomahawk cruise missiles and $167 million for AIM-9X missiles for the U.S. Navy and international customers. TS booked $553 million for work on the Warfighter FOCUS contract for the U.S. army, bringing the year-to-date bookings on the program to $731 million. TS also booked a $160 million to upgrade Phalanx Weapon Systems for the Royal Canadian Navy and a $100 million on a contract for DTRA, The Defense Threat Reduction Agency. Looking now at the graph on the right side of page 4, backlog at the end of the second quarter was $37.3 billion, compared to $37.5 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2008. As we noted on the page, as a result of the Missile Defense Agency's change in priority to the early intercept phase. The KEI program was terminated for convenience during the quarter. This impacted our backlog by $2.4 billion. However, as you can see with our strong bookings we've been able to largely offset the impact of KEI and sustain our backlog at $37 billion. If you'd now move to page 5, you can see that our overall sales increased by 4% in the second quarter of 2009 and 7% year-to-date in line with our previous guidance. IDS net sales of 1.3 billion were up 6% compared to the same period last year and this is primarily due to growth on international Patriot programs. Intelligence and information systems had net sales of $812 million, down slightly from the comparable period last year and as expected the change in sales was primarily due to lower volume on the e-Borders program. Missile Systems net sales of $1.4 billion were up from last year, driven by higher volume on the Phalanx Weapon Systems. Network Centric Systems, net sales of $1.2 billion were also up driven by increased volume of U.S. Army programs. Space and Airborne Systems had net sales of $1.1 billion, up 6% versus the second quarter of 2008, primarily due to growth on international airborne tactical radar programs as well as classified business.  Technical services had net sales of $780 billion, up 21% the result of strong growth on training programs, primarily Warfighter FOCUS and ATCOTS.  If you move to page 6, operating margins for the total Company and that each of our individual businesses remains strong. Margin before the FAS/CAS adjustment was 12.3% or 30 basis points higher than last year. Our overall operating margin for the quarter which includes the FAS/CAS adjustment was 12.5% which was an increase of a 110 basis points from the second quarter of 2008. Both NCS and SAS posted very strong margins during the quarter, driven by improved program performance and higher volumes. SAS also benefited from a benefited from a favorable contract settlement, which we had previously expected to close later in the year. As we discussed on our prior calls, we expected IDS to have lower margins in last year, due to a change in contract mix, principally the result of completing some international programs in 2008. Both IIS and Technical Services margins were in-line with last year.  Missiles had lower margins in the quarter, due to higher award fees in Q2 of 2008 as a result of the successful flight test milestone on the Standard Missile-3 program. Overall, we had strong operational performance at each of our businesses resulting in meaningful margin expansion for the Company. Turning now to page 7. Second quarter EPS from continuing operations was $1.24, of 25% from $0.99 in the prior year. Operational improvement share count and the FAS/CAS adjustment contributed to the increase. If you please turn to page 8, I'd like to comment on our updated outlook for the year. We now expect sales to be in the range of between $25.5 billion and $25 billion an increase of a $100 million. Weve raised our EPS guidance by $0.05 to a range of between $4.60 and $4.75. I'd like to point out that the increase was all due to operational improvements driven by both volume growth and margin expansion. And we've increased our guidance for ROIC by 10 basis points to between 11.2% and 11.7% to reflect the continued improvement in our operational performance. ROIC is one of the primary metrics that we use to manage our business and we continue to be pleased with the progress that we are making in this area. Now before moving on, let me briefly comment on our pension plan. As most of you know we have an annual measurement date of December 31 and it's still premature to suggest meaningful assumptions about the return on planed assets and the discount rate environment at year end. With that said, our pension assets had a positive return of approximately 6% during the first six months of the year putting us on track to meet our annual return assumption of eight and three quarters percent. Turning now to page 9, we provide a detail on our full year guidance for 2009 by business. As I mentioned a moment ago, we increased our guidance for full year total company sales by $100 million this was primarily due to the strong growth in training program at our Technical Services business. We expect our rate of year-over-year growth at TS will remain strong through the balance of the year, but should moderate. Next we increased the range of our full year operating margin guidance of our SAS business and for the total company. The increase in our expected profit margin at SAS is due to improved program performance and mix. Finally on page 10, we provided you with a summary of our earnings per share results and outlook. Both including and excluding the impact of the FAS/CAS pension adjustment. We defined FAS/CAS adjust EPS as EPS from continuing operations excluding the FAS/CAS pension adjustment. We recognized that many analysts and investors look at FAS/CAS adjusted EPS as another important financial measure because of adjust for non-cash and temporary differences between FAS and CAS and so we hope you find this table useful. Let me conclude by saying that the Company had a very strong second quarter. We delivered solid growth in sales, double digit growth in earnings per share, good cash flow generation, strong bookings and we increased our guidance for the full year. And so like Bill said earlier, we are in a strong financial position. We are strategically aligned with our customers and we are optimistic about our future. With that, we'll open up the call for questions. Lauren?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: A couple of quick things. Bill, with regard to the backlog we knew KEI would come out. Is there anything else based on the changes down in Washington that would remove from the backlog over the second half of the year?
Bill Swanson: The only thing that might be in there would be FCS but we've looked at what's happening on the program given our sensors and missile systems, and the ground systems work we're doing, we believe all of that stays basically the same. The vehicles are moving around, so you still need to put stuff on them. So my answer would be there might be some movement there, but it'll be in the noise. We probably won't even see it.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Can you give us a size, perhaps size of the FCS in the backlog for us?
Bill Swanson: I don't have that off the top of my head. I don't break it out. The problem is we have spin outs and things that are part of it. If you look at, NLOS, it's one of the systems that goes in there. I don't even know if it's in the FCS line off the top of my head. We can get you some kind of ballpark of what's there.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: All right, that would be helpful. And then on IIS based on the margins in the first half of the year, how do you get to the target range that you show in the slides for the full year?
Dave Wajsgras: Yeah. This is Dave. From an IIS perspective the cadence of the margin is pretty much lined up with what we saw in 2008. IIS does have some operational improvements expected in the second half, and you'll recall that just from an overall perspective, that's the Group that primarily is responsible for cyber security, and we continue to invest in that area as well.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just Dave as you talk about cadence in the second half of the year, you have more days in Q3, but clearly based on your guidance more revenue in Q4. Could you walk a little bit through the mechanics of that?
Dave Wajsgras: Yes. In Q4 is always our stronger quarter from a cadence standpoint. In the guidance, we provided in the appendix we are just getting a little more precise relative to Q3 and Q4. Theres nothing in particular going on there.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks so much.
Bill Swanson: Rob, I should say one thing just so that theirs is not confusion on the call. We expect our bookings this year to be about 25 billion plus or minus 500 million for those that track us all the time, you'll remember at the beginning of the year, we were about 24 billion, 500 million plus or minus. So, this quarter we kind of believe we'll be up, we took at least internally our guidance up about 500 million. So, we expect bookings to be strong this year.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Thanks, Bill.
Bill Swanson: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Thank you very much. Bill, could you update us on your foreign potential Lockheed mentioned that Taiwan packed three order, they expect coming up, but just kind of take us through that and essentially what percent you expect international to be of your bookings this year?
Bill Swanson: Let me start with the back half at least on international. 29% as I mentioned was bookings this quarter. Year-to-date we are running around 28%. We expect our bookings to be about 25% to 30% this year international. International sales year-to-date are about 20%. We expect we should be in the range of anywhere from 22% to 22% this year. So that will be in volume wise double-digit growth year-over-year. So that puts the real meat in perspective. As far as opportunities, we think our international pipeline is strong. We are off to a good start this year with various programs whether its air traffic control satellites award for India, Japan air borne radars. We have got Phalanx upgrades even for Canada and then of course AMRAAM and 9X continue to do well around the world. I went through where we think things are. Patriot, we have got surface launched AMRAAM. We have got opportunities in Australia on self-defense, and we have got a couple of good sized classified international efforts on border security that we expect. So for us, I'll add a little more color. We're still going through UAE, Patriot great customer there and continue to do well with bookings with them. Saudi Arabia will be upgrading their missiles and probably ground hardware sometime this year, next year. Taiwan, we expect them to purchase new systems and maybe in the fourth quarter this year, first quarter next year and of course we got Kuwait, Turkey, Gutter and I could go on countries there. Surface Launched AMRAAM, Dave mentioned Finland. We expect the UAE will buy there for lower tier and then in Self Defense we are hoping to hear on the Australian Land 17 and then I mentioned international classified, so a lot of lot of activity going on in international.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: It tends historically to be kind of centered in the fourth quarter. Is that likely to be the case or are there any Q3 opportunities that it might be kind of in the range you talked about, 25% in the third quarter? Do we have to wait for the fourth quarter to see all the big ones?
Bill Swanson: Cai, fortunately you and I have been together a long time and we know that international happens when it happens. And so that's why we try and give ranges in the quarter. We'll keep updating you where we are at on this thing, but internationally the awards happen on different time tables than they do here in the U.S. Our process is more defined. It's more visible, and so it's easier for us to predict domestically than it is internationally, but I hope you could tell from that run down there's a lot going on and we have got a lot of irons in the fire. We just got to bring them home.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company:  Last one would be we have a new administration. Are you seeing any changes in terms of how the new administration reacts in terms of supporting foreign sales?
Bill Swanson: I would probably use India's example. It's in the news, if I don't have to qualify it. We see good support there. It's a good market. We've done business there for a while, and it's nice doing an air traffic control system that's kind of leading the rest of the world and we are doing it for that country and it also contains some development work that we'll be doing, which is a real nice mix as we look at it. So for me, I'm encouraged by the support. It's still hard. There are still a lot of people that can say no in the process, but it's encouraging and as you can tell, we are bringing in bookings.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Bill Swanson: Okay. Thanks, Cai.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Troy Lahr with Stifel Nicolaus.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. You guys did really good margins this quarter. Can you just explain though your thought process on how you look to expand margins going forward and really what level of confidence you have that you can keep increasing these margins year-after-year gradually?
Bill Swanson: The way I would describe it is insatiable when it comes to margins. We view that's a real measure of how we are performing on our programs that the better we do, the better we should be able to capture what we said we were going to do when we bid the programs. So, there's a constant process here where every month we go through the outliers. It's kind of tough on the operating team because we deal with the exceptions, so there is a lot of great things going on in the company, but we spend our time on the stuff that's left (enormed), and Six Sigma is a big part of what we do. It's still ingrained in our culture and we use it to drive performance in everything we do. I always kid the finance team used to take us about 10 days to close, now we can close the books in three days and we are on our way to one day close. And that's all about continuous improvement. So I think the way we go at it is no place in the Company is safe from being looked at and being improved. So for us I think our track record over the last six years, seven years is working hard to keep performing, and so it's just part of our ongoing process. And I know Dave will probably want to say something here about margin, so I'll turn it over to him and let him add any other color.
Dave Wajsgras: Okay. Thanks, bill. I think another perspective might be if you look at full year 2009 from an operational perspective that is excluding the adjustment for FAS/CAS, we are essentially on top of last year's margins and you'll remember or recall that this year's margins includes the absorption of 15 to 20 basis points of the CAS flow through that I talked about on the January earnings call. So the point here is operationally year-over-year we are continuing to see very solid performance and I guess the last point I'd like to make is, since our initial guidance back in January, we've increased our margin outlook in three of our businesses in Missiles, NCS and SAS.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And if you look at your six segments do you see improvement across the board or do you see some of these guys where they have actually more room to go, where there is still some low hanging fruit? Could you may be just kind of walk through some of the segments and say okay, IDS very good margins, but we think we are kind of peaking here maybe gradually, but then there is more improvements at other places at the segment level?
Bill Swanson: I think one of the things we look at by business is what is the work that they are bringing in and where is it. So, if you look at missiles on a program like Phalanx, we know how to do that. We know how to do it well. So how do we work on shortening our overall schedules? How do we get costs out in support? How do we get touch labor efficiencies up? How do we get better supply chain leverage? So those are easier and I guess the operational guys wouldn't like me saying that, but let me just say we are focused and we know how to do that part. When you bring in a big international order, you want to make sure that you understand the risk, the account for that risk and then you retire the risk as you go through the program. So the recognitions of those are more towards mid or later part in the program. So, the mix has something to do with it and so if we look through it, you'd see businesses, the ones that have hardware probably have bigger opportunities than those that have had headcounts like IIS or RTSC when I look at them there you are really looking at productivity and software or in management or other things. So it's a little harder to get the margins up there, but we really work hard on them to not have that as being a reason for not improving.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus:  So just kind of go forward maybe blocking and tackling maybe a 20 basis points a year is kind of what we should expect going forward? Right?
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: I figured I'd put words in your mouth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo Securities.
Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning. Since you are talking about margins, I just wanted to ask one on NCS, if you just look at where you are year-to-date clearly well ahead of what you are expecting for the year. So can you just talk about what you are expecting to see in the second half that might bring you down so where your guidance is?
Dave Wajsgras: NCS is continuing the very strong performance that they started a few years ago, evidenced by what they were able to deliver in the second quarter. Year-to-date margins as you just pointed out are also very strong. What the team has been able to do there is basically pull forward a number of performance improvements that were initially planned for later in the year. So, what you'll see is you'll see sort of the slightly higher margin profile in the first half versus the second half and with all that said though, there is still posting exceedingly strong margins and we do see them at the higher end of the margin guidance that we provided.
Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And so I guess there was a profit accrual change then as what we have seen would have happened later in the year?
Dave Wajsgras: Well, I wouldn't term it profit accrual. I would say they've taken a number of operational objectives such as parallel production, material cost savings, those types of efforts, and they've been basically putting a full core press on delivering stronger earnings earlier than initially anticipated. That's really the way to say it. It's not a profit accrual. It's just the timing of whats happening within the four walls of NCS.
Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then can you just size the SAS contract settlement?
Dave Wajsgras: Yeah that was about $7 million and it was worth about 60 basis points. I think the more important point is even with that they were up over a 100 basis points from operations period-over-period and they are also performing quite well, again on the heels of the very strong performance from last year.
Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then just last question is, just when you had laid out your quarterly assumptions I guess back in April, it would have certainly implied things being I guess at a lower level of earnings than you saw this quarter. Is that NCS where it was pulled forward or were there other areas where the timing kind of shifted forward?
Dave Wajsgras: It was actually spread through a number of different businesses. It was SAS, RTSC, NCS. So it's really spread across a number of different programs.
Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Dave Wajsgras: All right.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Macquarie.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie: Good morning.
Bill Swanson:  Good morning Robert.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie: Just follow-on this margin issue. Space and air borne again similar to Sam's question you 7are expecting this to trend down in the second half even disregarding this contract settlement. What are the factors that are driving margin down in the second half of this year?
Dave Wajsgras: Yeah, it's almost the same discussion that we just had in Network Centric Systems. There are a number of operational improvement objectives that the team has been able to pull into the first half. There is a positive impact from the mix of new business and how that is ramping up in the first half, which is stronger than anticipated and that will on a comparable basis overall moderate at some level in the back half of the year. Again it's very strong overall performance. I think the other point to make here is we did mention the claim settlement in Q2. You'll recall that there was also a couple of claim settlements in Q1. Notwithstanding those improvements and how they impact earnings operationally, they are still knocking the cover off the ball.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie: Okay. And secondly, Bill on the export front, I was wondering if you could comment on whether the economy has been affecting your customers interest in (purchasing) defense product and also whether you are seeing increased competition given that every defense company pays to be chasing exports at the moment?
Bill Swanson: I think from our standpoint I mentioned on the last call, that the prize of oil per barrel had an effect as our international customers worked through their financial planning, but as we see that, that seems to have taken a turn for the better part at least from our standpoint. So, that part of the world, part of the little bit of the cloud has disappeared and little more sunshine coming in. In Asia or that part of the world, we have not seen a change. There's still a demand there. I think the economy has an effect in the sense that people are double and triple checking everything, but the political threats are still there around the world. I don't need to get into that whether it's North Korea or Iran or so forth. The big ones are known to everybody. So that's really what drives our market as we look at it. Homeland Security, ISR, those are big. Usually when times like this people want to know what's going on outside their borders or right on their borders. So what we do is extremely important. Our international business we've been doing it a long time. We sell in 80 countries around the world. We have an established presence. What I particularly enjoyed about this air show was every customer that came in was pleased about our performance. Now I know I'm biased, but it was our businesses are performing, and that reflects in a lot of what we do. So competition doesn't bother us. Were used to putting on our helmets our pads and getting on the field and competing and we do that best.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie: Alright, thank you.
Bill Swanson: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein with Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Bill Swanson:  Good morning.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Just going back to KEI, what kind of opportunities does that open up for Raytheon? Given KEI is going away, presumably something is going to replace it. Is there an opportunity there for you guys?
Bill Swanson: No really as I mean as that was one of the things about the 2.4 billion backlog adjustment. It was a downward adjustment. The upwards aren't there yet, and the upwards will include at least from our standpoint can talk about the QDR for a minute. If you look at, what they are looking is a regular warfare, high-end (inaudible) metric threats those are threats that don't have any symmetry in case anybody wanted to know. As Civil and Homeland defense, the focus is really going to be on ISR and mature BMD and that's where our strength really comes in. They are going to have an evolutionary approach to modernization. I think of that as (inaudible) preplanned product improvements thats ingrained in every one of our designs when we do it and cyber. So, if we get back to the mature BMD, thats where the Standard Missile comes into play and its ability to do that. The report is theyll end up tripling that quantity. The tripling is not in our numbers. We also believe that a land based Standard Missile System is going to prove to be of merit, specially as you start to worry about early intercept because that's what they are worried about with the fine threats. Our big radars that we build are going to be needed there to be able to detect these over the horizon. And, so from our standpoint we expect to see activity there and as they get ready to put their FY'11 budget together we expect to see some of that in there taking shape. That won't all happen at once, but they'll phase it in. So net-net it may all turn up to the same in the wash by the time it's over but that's too early to tell, but that would be my gut feel.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Bill and maybe one other question if I can, a much broader question. When you think about Raytheon looking forward into kind of the changing political environment, the changing budgetary environment, I mean how do you view the competitive positioning of the company? And I mean what do you think is the right way forward for Raytheon?
Bill Swanson: Well, I think we are positioned extremely strong from a standpoint that most people don't understand that about 85% we do in the company is direct with customers domestically and internationally. So that means we're right there as primarily responsible for the job. We are the prime of all of those. If you look at it, 27 of our contracts have a 100 million worth of sales. All these are like '08 numbers, but it'll be in perspective because '09 will be similar. We only have one contract that has more than 500 million in sales. We have 25 contracts that makeup 25% of our business add 125 contracts to that you are at 50% and then the balance is made up at 15,350 contracts. So you look at it, we have a lot of things going on in here. So we come at the budget in different ways. And as things change, we are able to look in our portfolio and come up with a capability that helps; and our international customers like that and so do our domestic customers. So we think we've got a good strategy. We think it's flexible. We think it's adaptable to changing environments and for us we do a lot of work in the classified. This quarter, 18% of our bookings were classified. I think we are 14% year-to-date. Sales are running about 12% this year, and we expect that to be double digit growth. So, we do well on that market too. So we feel good about our position and where we are going, and I would describe it as one word, flexibility, and we exude technology and innovation. Now I am biased I will admit that, but I think it shows up in the way we run and manage the company.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks.
Bill Swanson: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David Strauss - UBS : Bill, just based on your last comments it sounds like classified is running better than you would have expected at the beginning of the year and also it sounds like international, the bookings you are still expecting to be about the same but it sounds like the sale on sale for international it sounds like it's a little lighter than what you had previously expected?
Bill Swanson: No I would say. Everything is pretty much on the realm we thought. We expect international sales to be about 22% to 20% of our total sales this year, and that's right in line. One of the things I'm always careful when I describe this, because we look at a mix of domestic and international when we put it together and if the domestic runs at a pretty good rate, the percentage is really they are relevant, but they really don't mean a lot. What's really important to me are we increasing our international sales at double digit and we are. That's the real driver. So I really feel good about the volume as we looked at it in that case.
David Strauss - UBS : Okay. And then touching on domestic a little bit, you talked about KEI coming down I am thinking in '11 you might [call] some of that back. But just looking at the '10 budget, how do you think you did I mean, looking at it kind of beyond KEI looks like some of the missile programs that you are on were also funded at a lower level than prior years. Just how do you kind of think about how Raytheon did in the 10 domestic budget as it stands now?
Bill Swanson: Well right now we are in the fourth inning. We still got to go through the balance of the committees and then you have to go through conference. And so, it's too early to tell in the scheme of things, but I think based on the performance of the company on our programs, our programs are being well supported on [that] at least from my visits, it was nice walking and talking to people. They are not telling me about problem programs.
David Strauss - UBS : Okay. Dave, I got to ask you one on pension. You talked about your year-to-date return tracking pretty close to your assumed rate of return but how are you thinking about basically pulling in the loss from last year where your performance was well below, your assumed rate of return. Any thought on how big of a negative impact that's going to be as we think about what pension expense could look like in 2010?
Dave Wajsgras: In 2010? Yeah. Let me try to characterize this briefly. There's a lot of variable that go into this and like I just said, through June the plans did outperform the market with a gain of about 6% and this is important. The yields in the current corporate bond market which is the basis for the pension discount rate, slightly higher than where they were at year end, and given the volatility of both these assumptions which impact both the funded position status at year end and the expense going forward, it's really impossible to predict. And I know you realized this during Q3. We have done this in the past. Historically we also finalized our actuarial results for the current year using the most recent senses and actuarial data. The update could also potentially impact our 2010 pension expense estimates. So given all of this, we'll provide guidance on 2010 pension expense on the Q3 call based on our latest estimate at that point in time and we'll give a range of potential outcomes and we'll also talk somewhat to the expected funded status at year end. But to get out in front of this as Bill likes to say, you are getting out over your tips.
David Strauss - UBS : Okay. Thanks. I thought I'd give it a shot.
Dave Wajsgras: I know you did.
Bill Swanson: Lauren I think we are all ready for the next caller. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Noah Popanack] with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: The balance sheet is obviously in very good shape and will be in even better shape after you throw out this big cash number in the fourth quarter, and you bought stock in the first half of the year, but you've put up bigger numbers before. I mean you are a little below the pace of last year when the stock was a lot higher. Can we read that to say you are looking at increased M&A opportunities and if you are what kind of size deals are you looking at and just generally how should we think about capital deployment?
Bill Swanson: Let me, since you asked about M&A. I would like to put it in perspective. For us M&A focus is really selectively to enhance our core business and to help us grow in key defined growth markets. We always like to protect and grow our existing core markets whether it's Sensing, Effects, C3I or Mission Support. The other is we like to leverage our domain knowledge in these areas to develop new and exciting and expanding opportunities in Homeland Security and IO and IA and I should have mentioned that if you look at Homeland Security, we expect bookings this year of about $1 billion plus in that. That'll be a doubling over last year and we expect sales to be in the $900 million to $1 billion range, by the time we finish up the year. So that's a good growth market for us and has been showing that. Clearly for us IO/IA is a marketplace that's starting to take off here and we want to make sure we continue to develop Mission Support and a strong emphasis on services and planning and training capabilities, and then as we've always talked about international is a key part of our business where we've demonstrated results. So for us that's where it would be. Nothing is changed. Always like to articulate it so that people know where we are coming from and that we are predictable and what we say we are going to do through our performance.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: I'm sure you are looking at a lot of different things, but can you may be give us some color on the likely sizes of deals so we can see? Should we be shocked if we see a $3 billion or $4 billion deal from Raytheon, or are you looking in the couple of hundred million dollar area?
Bill Swanson: We are looking in the area where we've always looked and I think you could probably define it from a few bucks up to 500 million, probably in that range.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And the Technical Services growth has been very, very strong. Can you give us a little more color on the drivers there and then additionally a little more color on why expected to slow down so dramatically in the second half of the year?
Bill Swanson: Well they have been on a real terror as far as growth. So, part of it is the wins that we had and Warfighter FOCUS. We have the ability to deliver education and training and battlefield conditions and virtual, live and constructive training for the army and they are doing a good job on that end of the business. ATCOTS, is where we are doing all the training for the air traffic controllers across the U.S., thats taking off now. And so, what we've seen is that ramp up and that rate of increase or what I'll call the delta increase over time, that vector is not as steep going forward as it's been here in the beginning. Clearly, for us we think we have a strong niche, and a capability in delivering training. It's a strength we've learned it on the commercial side, we actually do training for automobile industries and others and when you do work for them, you learn to be really efficient and still make money, and we've been able to take the delivery of that education and training and really adapt it to what I'll call as military training and it's a good market for us and we do it well.
Dave Wajsgras: Let me just add one thing too that on the Warfighter program. You will just recall that in the back end of Q2 of 2008 is where the program began to ramp up. So, on a comparable basis, second half '09 versus second half '08 you won't see that rate of growth, because it's not really comparable given the cadence of the Warfighter program.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Very helpful. Thank you.
Dave Wajsgras: Lauren I think we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Joseph Nadal with JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadal - JPMorgan:  Thanks good morning. Bill just wondering on international as we look at foreign direct versus [FMS] you've been talking about a shift more towards FMS. I am just wondering what you are seeing in that regard with all these bookings this year and what you are seeing the administration on this particular topic?
Bill Swanson:  Yeah, we are seeing a mix of about 57% direct and about 43% FMS to be exact, and so not a lot of change here. It's really country dependent. If a country wants direct, we are able to go direct. If they want FMS, we are able to go FMS. So for us we're comfortable on both sides. We really want to go with the way the country that's buying does it. Have not seen a shift or a push to make it go one way or another out of the administration.
Joseph Nadal - JPMorgan: So you had talked before about perhaps a bit of margin pressure on international as a category, and are you seeing that or I mean I guess it doesn't really play into it.
Bill Swanson: No, it doesn't play into it. There is always pressure. I mean it's a way of life. Our job is to make sure we get what we think it takes to perform the job and then once we get it, figure out how we do it better, faster, less expensive with less risk in a shorter period of time and if we do it that way we get our margins and maybe a little extra through performance.
Joseph Nadal - JPMorgan: Okay. Just the second question on borders, you had them from a lower volume on e-Borders in the quarter and of course the Saudi program unfortunately went the other way to a competitor, but you talked about in your comments about some big opportunities out there and the classified realm I guess. Just wondering if you could characterize the borders business for you, how big is it and I guess what's going on right now with all these moving parts?
Bill Swanson:  One on the Saudi thing I think we talked about that a few quarters ago, so, and it was never in our numbers. So that's the part of it. They went with a different solution. I would say it wasn't the high tech solution. We are not in the fences and [cortina] wire and berms and bunkers and stuff. That's not our strength. That's more of the construction side. And so they chose a different way, and they chose it at a time when basically they wanted to maintain their financial structure in the best way. So they went with a different solution. For us, we expect to get work there. We've been there a long time, and there are great customer. So you learn from every deal. But clearly for us there were other countries that are concerned about border surveillance and we come at it in different ways. We can put together a whole command and control structure or we can take King Air 350's and put sensors on them and fly them around their borders or we can put systems like (inaudible) around coast lines to be able to monitor traffic or you can put in (inaudible) which is a long range radar looking over the horizon to look for boat traffic. So it's a back to a point I made earlier. Our tool kit is loaded with different ways to go at the problem and so we are not wedded to one solution. It's really for one particular country. Taiwan; we provide them with SRP which is a long range radar, sits on top of a hill to look for long distances of what might be coming. So from our standpoint there is not one simple answer. It's just that if people want border security and they want it on the surface or they want it in the air or they want it in different ways, we can provide it for them.
Joseph Nadal - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Swanson: Okay.
Marc Kaplan: Okay. Thank you Bill. I'd like to close by thanking everyone for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest learning more about our company, our recent performance and our outlook and we look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter conference call in October. Lauren.
Operator: And thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. And you may now disconnect good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Marc Kaplan - Vice President Investor Relations William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC Ronald Epstein - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen Securities Inc. Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Doug Harned - Bernstein & Co. Inc. Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs David Strauss - UBS Robert Stallard - Macquarie Group Sam Pearlstein - Wachovia Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co Brian Ruttenbur - Morgan Keegan Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Co.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Raytheon First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lauren and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Marc Kaplan, the Vice President of Investor Relations.
Marc Kaplan: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we will reference are available on our website at raytheon.com. Following the live call an archive of, both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We will start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave. And then we'll move on to questions. Please limit your questions to two per caller to allow for broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release, and that we discuss in detail in our SEC filings. Bill?
William H. Swanson: Thank you Mark. Good morning everyone. I am pleased to report another strong quarter for Raytheon. Sales were up 10%, compared with Q1 last year. EPS was up 21% and we continued to have good cash flow. We also had solid bookings, ending the quarter with $38 billion in backlog, which was up compared to last year at this time. 26% of our bookings came from international customers, including some notable awards from the UAE and Taiwan for Patriot and from Japan for our advanced airborne radars and support equipment. And as announced in our press release this morning we increased our guidance for full year 2009 sales, EPS and ROIC. All of our businesses performed well for the quarter. We delivered consistent and strong financial results. Our strategies are working and are aligned with the needs of our global customers. Raytheon's diverse portfolio of more than 8,000 programs bring unique capabilities, both domestically and internationally that support and meet our customer's needs for today and tomorrow. With respect to our U.S. customers let me take a minute to discuss Secretary Gates' budget recommendations from earlier this month. Those recommendations are an important first step in the formal budget process that will continue for many months with Congressional Committees and conference and executive branch review and discussions. That being said, we were encouraged by much of what we heard from the Secretary, especially as focus on ISR unmanned systems, training, cyber security, Standard Missile-3, Patriot and THAAD. And we are pleased that the DoD confirmed their intent to fully fund the Zumwalt. Dave is going to take you through the details of our financial performance in the quarter and our full year outlook. The company performed well. There were a lot of positives and we want to leave plenty of time for questions. So let me wrap-up by saying that we're off to a very good start for 2009. We fully understand the challenges we face, but we also see many opportunities. We prepared ourselves well. We're positioned to capture them and we have a strong balance sheet. Our strong results during the quarter, our increased dividend, our improved outlook for the year and the positive feedback from our customers give us the confidence about out future, both near and long-term. With that let me turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras: Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks, starting with the first quarter highlights. And then we will move onto questions. During my remarks, I will be referring to the web slide that we issued earlier this morning. Okay, if everyone would please turn to page three. As Bill noted, we performed very well, in the first quarter. Sales of 5.9 billion were up 10% from Q1 of last year and EPS from continuing operations of $1.11 was up 21%. With solid bookings of 5.2 billion, we ended the quarter with a $37.9 billion backlog. The company repurchased 6.8 million shares of common stock for $300 million and we announced an 11% dividend increase. We generated strong operating cash flow from continuing operations of $411 million and as Bill noted, we have increased our full year guidance for sales, EPS and ROIC, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. Turning now to page four, let me start by the providing some detail on our first quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were 5.2 billion. IDS received 741 million in new international and domestic Patriot awards, including a 185 million for the UAE, a 139 million for Taiwan, a 115 million for the U.S. Army's Pure Fleet program and a 159 million to provide Patriot engineering services. Other notable awards during the quarter, included 422 million of SAS to supply APG-63 Radars and support equipment to Japan for their F-15 program. In addition, SAS also booked a 130 million for the B-2 Radar program. TS booked a 178 million for work on the Warfighter FOCUS contract for the U.S. Army. NS booked a 119 million for continued development and production work on EKV (Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle) and 85 million for the production of JSOW (Joint Standoff Weapon) for the U.S. Navy. NCS booked 98 million for the SMART-T program and 95 million for Thermal Weapon Sight II for the U.S. Army. IIS booked 236 million on a number of classified contracts. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was 37.9 billion, compared to 37.7 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2008. If you now move to page five, you can see that our overall sales increased by 10% in the first quarter of 2009 with solid growth across all of our businesses. IDS net sales of approximately 1.3 billion were up 6% compared to the same period last year. This was primarily due to growth on domestic and international Patriot programs. Intelligence and Information Systems (IIS) had net sales of 784 million, up 13% primarily due to higher volume on classified contracts. Missile systems' net sales of approximately 1.4 billion were up 4% driven by higher volume on the Standard Missile. AMRAAM and Evolved Sea Sparrow Missile (ESSM). Network Centric Systems net sales of about 1.2 billion were up 8%. The most significant driver here was increased volume on U.S. Army programs, including Improved ITAS, Firefinder, LRAS, and HTI. Space and Airborne Systems had net sales of approximately $1 billion, up 7% versus the first quarter of 2008, primarily due to growth on an international tactical radar program and a classified product line. You should note that during the quarter we realigned one of our small manufacturing plants that previously reported to SAS, that and now reports to missiles. And we had mentioned this on our January earnings call. Technical Services had net sales of 696 million, up 34%, the result of higher volume on the training programs, primarily Warfighter FOCUS and ad costs. If you'd move to page six. Firstly, we adopted a new accounting standard related to participating shares, which had a minor impact on the way we now report earnings per share. This standard decreased EPS a penny in Q1 2008. As I mentioned earlier first quarter EPS from continuing operations was a $1.11, up 21% from $0.92 in the prior year. Operational improvements contributed to the increase, some of which was timing. Moving to page seven. Operating margin before the FAS/CAS adjustment was about equal to last year. I'll talk more about margin by business in just a moment. Our overall operating margin, which includes the FAS/CAS adjustment for the quarter was 12.1%, which was an increase of 70 basis points from the first quarter of 2008. Let me now provide you with a few highlights by business. First, as we discussed during the January call we expected IBS to have lower margins than the first quarter of last year. This is primarily the result of the change in contract mix driven by the completion of certain programs in 2008. The results for Q1 last year were also favorably impacted by the sale of license to software. Missiles and NCS and SAS posted strong results during the quarter due to improved program performance. SAS' margins also benefited from favorable contract settlements. We had previously expected these to close later in the year and they were included in our prior guidance. Overall margins for the total company and at each of individual businesses were strong. I'd also like to briefly address operating cash flow. We had positive cash flow of 411 million for the quarter. The increase compared to last year was largely attributable to our expected $337 million tax refund received in the first quarter of 2009. Before moving on, let me briefly comment on our pension plan. As most of you know we have an annual measurement day of December 31. So it's premature to make conclusions about the return on plant assets and the discount rate environment at year-end. With that said our pension assets had a slightly negative return of approximately 1.5% during the quarter beating the overall equity markets. If you would please turn to page eight, I would like to comment about out updated outlook for the year. We expect sales to be in the range of between 24.4 and 24.9 billion, an increase of $100 million. We now expected diluted share count to be in a range of between 398 and 401 million shares. We have raised our EPS guidance by $0.10 for a new full year range of between $4.55 and $4.70. I would like to point out that about half of the increase is due to operational improvements driven by both growth and performance. For ROIC, our prior guidance now reflects the impact of the new accounting standard, related to non-controlling interest or FAS 160. More specifically this new standard affects how we recognize the performance of the non-controlling interests in Thales-Raytheon Systems LLC, an entity that is part of our joint venture with Thales. So on an apples-to-apples basis, we've increased our guidance for ROIC by 10 basis points to reflect the improvement in operational performance. The updated range is now between 11.1 and 11.6%. As you know ROIC is one of the primary metrics that we use to manage our business and we're pleased with the progress that we're making in this area. Turning now to page nine, we've provided a little color on our full year guidance for 2009 by business. As I mentioned in a moment ago we increased our guidance for full year total company sales by $100 million. This is primarily due to the strong growth in training programs and our technical services business. We have also increased the range of our full year operating margin guidance for our Missile's and NCS businesses and for the total company. Please keep in mind that for NCS we've adjusted our prior operating margin guidance to reflect the impact to 160, or FAS 160. We described the impact of this new accounting standard as well as the preannouncement on participating shares in the attachments to the press release. The attachments also include the realignment between SAS and Missiles that I spoke to you earlier. In the appendix to our websites we presented some additional information. On page 13, we provided our economic EPS for the quarter and for the year. For us economic EPS is defined as earnings per share, excluding the FAS/CAS pension adjustment. We recognized that many analysts and investors look at economic EPS as another important financial measure. Let me conclude here by saying that the company had a very strong first quarter. We delivered double digit growth in sales and earnings per share. We had solid cash flow generation and we increased our guidance for 2009. Finally we maintained our balanced and prudent approach to capital allocation. We continue to invest in ourselves and we also returned cash to our shareholders this quarter by increasing our dividend and through additional stock repurchases. And like Bill said earlier we're off to a very good start for the year. With that we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Good morning Bill, Dave.
William Swanson: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Perhaps my two questions are, one on Zumwalt, Bill. Now that we have some clarity from the Secretary on what's going forward, and we think we have an agreement between GD and Northrop can you walk us through the timing on the three ships and how that looks for Raytheon? And then my second quarter perhaps this is for Dave, is on appendix slide number 11, you've given us some quarterly flow guidance. If you could walk us through the assumptions for the year and the thinking, particularly the strong contributions in Q4. Thank you.
William Swanson: Yeah the -- let me go first here, Rob. I'll take on the Zumwalt. From our standpoint I think we had stated last time we expected the Navy or DoD to go with the three ships. So that's consistent with what we have seen all along. We expect that to take place and funding to be turned on this year. So from our standpoint, at least the next three to five years we've got our work cut out for us as we go forward. But as I think I had mentioned before, for us it's not the ship. I mean, it is in the sense that all the equipment is going on it and it will be the most advanced ship of its kind anywhere in the world, both from a stealth point of view and capability point of view. But what's there are ten technologies and for us, our dual-band radar is probably the most capable radars sweep in the world. And I am biased but I will say it anyway. It's --- there is nothing like it and we got a total ship computing effort there underwater or undersea warfare system. I could go on from launchers. But there is ten technologies that from our standpoint is really key and this gives us the platform to develop that in both forward and backward fit, as we try and make our navy the most capable in the world. With I'll turn...
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Yeah. Before you go on, Bill.
William Swanson: Yeah.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: From a revenue perspective how should we think about this program going forward? Is there, does it build for a while and then drop off over the three to five year period?
William Swanson: It stays about the same, plus or minus 100 million for at least the next three years as I see it.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: And it's running at about 4% of sales.
William Swanson: Yeah, about that.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Okay. Thanks.
William Swanson: Yeah. It's our biggest. You didn't ask this question, but if you look at our bookings it's -- we're an interesting company in the sense that if you take out our top eight bookings which were about 1.4 billion for the year, I mean for the quarter, that leaves us about 3.8 for the quarter that's left. And what's there they average, 5 million. So we have hundreds if not thousands of contracts that are in the $10 million range, and if somebody asks me later I can give you a rather, I got to give David a chance to talk here on the second. But our tech wins are unbelievable that we have quarter-over-quarter in the company and that's really our engine that keeps the place going. With that I'll turn it over to Dave.
David Wajsgras: Yeah. Rob, just to follow-up on your question relative to the sales and earnings cadence for the year. From a sales standpoint it's not too dissimilar from last year. If you look at quarters two three and four. I think it's important to remember that we ended 2008 with a record backlog and a number of those programs begin to ramp-up in the back half of the year. From an earnings standpoint, we have improvement quarter-over-quarter as we did in Q1, for Q2, three and four. From a cash flow standpoint, we've continue to improve the cash cadence. And even if you remove the tax refund in Q1, from a cash flow perspective we were positive and inline with last year. And the cash flow for two -- for quarters two through four are driven more so than anything else by the timing of performance based payments.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: I see. I see. Thank you very much.
David Wajsgras: Okay. Rob.
William Swanson: Thanks Rob.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning guys.
William Swanson: Good morning, Ron.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Bill, can you give us maybe some color. There has been a lot of press on cyber securities, cyber security breaches, like there was a big headline in the Wall Street Journal the other day with the 35, and what rate is on (ph) skewing and what the opportunity is?
William Swanson: Yeah, I think you have to look at it in three different parts. You've all heard me talking about one part as the sword part that look at it from information ops point of view, that's classified in nature but that's the sword first portion. But then you look at the shield portion. And you got to look at it two ways. One; you got to make sure that all your offerings that you proposed or your systems, you make them as hardened as you possibly can. That's our first priority. Our customers expect that of us. And we want to make sure we do that, whether it's systems that we do for e-borders in the UK to command and control what we have in theater. The other part is that you want to make sure your system is internally protected. So, we have to operate a business and we have to make sure our layers have defense within Raytheon to protect not only our own IP but our customer's IP is there. So, we attack it from internal point of view and when you consider we're probably not unique. We get 800 million spam messages a day into this company. So, that's our outer lines of defense. So, that's where we are, so we have to be prepared. Then the other is that we have customers, both from a government point of view, and a commercial point view that want to protect themselves in a number of ways. So, one; you have what I call forensic engineering, which gives you the ability to passively look at your network to say, are there things happening that shouldn't be happening and if they are, how do you understand them. So, that's the forensic part. The other part is they want to be protected. So, they want to understand vulnerability analysis and we've got a couple of businesses there that do that in a world class method, probably for everybody. And then, that it's just basically hardened. So, it's a -- we think of it in a booking kind of way, that how you do it from beginning to end. And it is complicated but that's kind of how we look at it. We make sure that our capabilities that we bring to our customers can handle the full spectrum. And that's where we made some of our acquisitions and from the standpoint, we will continue to look at our capabilities and develop them as we go forward. Long answer, but it's a complicated topic and some of which I can't even talk about, but I think you get the idea of what you are trying to do. I mean when you consider what's out there and how I call the Internet, it's the wild, wild world west. It was developed in the sense that none of this was ever thought of to have happened and now people are trying to protect themselves, not only at work but at home.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Sure, sure.
William Swanson: And what you have got to think about it is every new piece of software on the web probably contains some code that you don't want on your machine. So, if you don't have protection on your own machine, my first advice is get it real quick.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Sure. And then one quick question for Dave, Network Centric had year-over-year -- I mean, it was a huge improvement in margins. How sustainable is that and was there some sort of one-time thing that happened during the quarter?
David Wajsgras: Yes, it's a good question, Ron. There were no one-time events in the quarter, notable events in the quarter from an NCS perspective. That business did an excellent job with respect to overall cost efficiencies and bringing those by and large forward in to the first quarter, some of which was planned later in the year. You'll note that we did increase the margin guidance for the year. So, some of the improvement in the first quarter, we expect to flow through in the balance of 2009. But you are right, it's worth noting, the margins were over 14% and we feel very good about the performance in that business.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Troy Lahr from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Thanks. Just wondering if I can get a little color on IIS, very strong growth this quarter but it looks like your full year guidance almost kind of implies no growth in the remaining three quarters. I don't know if that's just conservative or if there something going on there. Could you help me understand that?
William Swanson: Sure. With respect to IIS, they did posed a very strong top-line growth at 13%, which, by and large was driven by the classified programs. Now you'll recall that e-Borders sales ramped up in Q2 through Q4 of last year. And so the -- from a comparison standpoint that would imply a much more a difficult nine month growth rate this year over last year. So, with that's being said, the classified business still continues to grow for the balance of the year but just not as strong as in Q1.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Could you give us a sense on how big e-Borders is?
William Swanson: Yeah. e-Borders is -- will run about 250 million in sales this year.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay, thanks. And Bill, just one question on international orders (ph) again pretty good bookings, I guess you said it's 26%. How is the economic environment out there for international orders, I mean is the strengthening dollar hurting at all and lower oil revenues are just you are kind of plugging away and opportunities are there?
William Swanson: The opportunities are there. They're not any easier from a dollar standpoint. Oil in some parts of the world is still the main driver. As long as it's in the -- to me the 40 to $45 range, that's kind of where people have done their planning. And as you can see we are getting our orders from the Mid-East. So to me, I think that's probably some we watch is what's the price of oil is to keep up there and given all the pressure it stayed up. You think in this kind of an economy it would take a lower dive, but it's hanging in there. So from my standpoint that's probably the one thing we watch. And we're making sure we stay on top of things. Now is not the time to get complacent.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay. Thank you
William Swanson: Yeah. And we -- I should point out, we expect international sales this year to be around 22-24%. So, the domestic keeps doing well but we've got some acceleration going on the international sales which is good. And I should had add, it wasn't your question but when Dave was asked about classified, we're probably going to grow classified this year between 7 and 9% year-over-year, just to add some color to that.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Great. Thanks guys.
William Swanson: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen Securities Inc.: Yes. Thanks a lot and good quarter.
William Swanson: Thanks, Cai.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen Securities Inc.: Could we follow-up on Troy's question a little bit? Can you give us a little more color on kind of -- you've mentioned a couple of specific, the four potentials in the foreign market. Give us the status of those. And give us any early reading, if you can, if the switch to the Obama administration has made this move quickly, more slowly or what impact if any has that had?
William Swanson: I think to answer your question we still see international activity in the UAE this year. We expected to definitize that contract up, that's started in December of last year. So we'll wrap that up. We'll also are doing some more work with them on air defense. So there might be some surface launch activity (ph). Saudi Arabia is due to upgrade their systems. So we are waiting for final closure in that part of the world. Taiwan will be upgrading some new units, and we'll look at that, maybe in later part of this year, first part in next year. Israel will upgrade and probably maybe even add a Fire Unit, depending on FMF funding. Kuwait is buying spares and getting ready to upgrade maybe add a system or two. And then recently it's been in the news that Turkey has made a request for up to 13 systems setup too. So it will depend on what they buy. But that letter of request will be followed up with a letter of acceptance, probably this fall from the U.S. government and if things go right there, that would be early next year for that country. We also have a pretty good sized, maybe around 4 to 500 million classified international order that we are working on for this year. So, that's a little bit of the flavor. It's all over the globe for us and those are big ones in the sense that usually have a 100 million or something more plus. We expect about 25% of our bookings this year to be international. If all of those things started to happen the end factor it could be a little bit bigger but that's the way we're looking at it. As far as administration, we are still moving. There have been meetings to look at release ability of advanced capability, rather than technology, which I think is the right way to look at release ability. I'm somewhat biased in this regard, in the sense that we try and control technology. We really should be trying to control capabilities and this administration is looking at that. And I think that's the right thing to go to.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen Securities Inc.: Terrific. Thank you.
William Swanson: Okay.
Marc Kaplan: Lauren, do we have the next caller.
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
William Swanson: Thanks Heidi.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: I want to dig a little bit deeper into IDS and understand the moving parts there better. Dave, you explained that you had a change in contract mix and completion of programs in 2008, but you had growth you said your growth in domestic and international Patriot, which by my understanding is pretty good margin stuff. So can you help just explicate a little bit of the difference year-over-year and how you can have a ramp-up in Patriot and a decline in margins?
David Wajsgras: Sure. Heidi, let me just put the IDS business and the margins in perspective. When you compare quarter-to-quarter, this year's first quarter to last year's first quarter, last year included the sale of software license for about 14 million or about a 100 basis points. The rest of the difference from last year, like you just mentioned is mix. We've talked little bit about this on the last few calls. Now, we've seen this mix shift before in IDS several years ago, when we were in the development stages at Zumwalt. This was impacting margins. Then we increased margin performance with higher international sales ramping up. Some of those programs completed last year and like you just mentioned, we have some new international programs starting up or ramping up this year. And so, we're seeing a change in mix again. It's the normal cyclical nature of the impact of mix in the business.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: All right. So, to better understand if we think of sort of the bell shaped curves of the international Patriot, so you are on the right hand side of the bell shaped curve on some of it and then you'll be ramping up later in the next couple of years on others that you've won. Is that the right way to think of it. You've got a divot in the near-term?
David Wajsgras: I always have divot, Heidi.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: We all have them.
David Wajsgras: Even on the putting green, okay.
William Swanson: I can vouch for that. I've seen it.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: I hope you understand.
David Wajsgras: I like the way you just articulated the bell shaped curve. But I think that's exactly the way to think about it.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: And then Bill, Japan has this intention to build up their missile defense capabilities and that started about five years ago. Are you -- can you give us color as to kind of where you stand in terms of Japanese activity. Is that going to be winding down over the next several years or you've been or are have you been selling additional work that kind of is going to keep it flat for the next two years?
William Swanson: It may even increase a little bit because of Standard Missile-3 and their commitment to the Aegis and the work that's done there. Clearly for them, I won't get in to a missile defense lesson here, but when you defend an island, it's different than defending, say a larger land mass. And so, for them forward projection is really important, so Standard Missile-3 is the key there. The other thing is long range radars are important to them because they want to able to determine their trajectory. Is there a possibility that either debris or a weapon will hit them, because you don't want have the Chicken Little Syndrome, these guys fall in and nothing ever happens. So, they have to be able to detect and predict. So they'll have a combination of sea based and land based. And so to me I think of it as that Patriot, integrated with Aegis with Standard Missile-3. And they have a real threat. I mean we saw that and they went to General Coders (ph). And as long as somebody else keeps threatening to shoot something, people are going to worry about it.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Great that's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
William Swanson: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Sanford Bernstein.
Doug Harned - Bernstein & Co. Inc.: Good morning.
William Swanson: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Harned - Bernstein & Co. Inc.: On NCS and the Missiles, if you look at the last three years you've had very good growth there, near or above 10% in each. And if you look forward the next three to five years, I mean these have benefited from current operations and so forth. How do you look at those businesses? Can you continue to get these kind of strong growth rates? And what are the areas where you would expect to see good growth in the future?
William Swanson: NCS has a broad portfolio. So from our standpoint they're probably listening on the call, we're going to hold them to very high standards of growth and capabilities we go do that. Missiles on the other hand has developed their systems in a sense that you don't need as many sorties, you don't need as much of anything anymore. But they found a way to adapt to programs that have already got some cost. SeaLINKS (ph), for example most people would have written that system off years ago. But the Missile team has found a way to adapt that to handle it the 155 rounds coming in. Now it's probably the most in demand system that we have from all over the world. Because people are worried about that from just about every place they go. So here we have got a system that's has got all the non-recurring, got everything done. We just adapted for land use and now it's one of our top 10 programs. And who whatever think, I guess is the way you look at it. And so Missiles has taken a hard look at their portfolio and developing things now. When you look at what they do, they're also in programs like Mold where we can take a loitering vehicle and have it do EW and other missions. So from our standpoint, Missiles are shifting and doing things different, active denial or non-lethal devices is something that they very big in and that they do. And so even though their market might be a little more difficult they've got real opportunities out there as we shift. And I am biased, but they understand control loops better than anybody else in the world. And that's one of their strengths and we apply it to all things that we're doing.
Doug Harned - Bernstein & Co. Inc.: But when you think of what these businesses will look in 3 to 5 years, will the mix be significantly different today?
William Swanson: In the next three years, I don't see it, the next five years that's gets a little bit harder because our technology turns quite a bit. But I think our strategy is well focused. You gave me an opportunity here. If you look at our tech wins that we get on a quarterly basis, they go from help -- self healing circuits that's where we sense and correct undesired behaviors in electronics. Now I have challenged our engineers to do that for management or people, but they haven't found a way to do that one yet. But we've got prototype radiological threat detectors that we can go to. We've got non-lethal device development, thermal devices both on quarter which is a key 3rd Gen IR devices that are up and beyond what we're doing today, electronic work there to improve the battlefield conditions. Large IR windows that help us do things that no one else can do, persistent surveillance, and I can't even talk about classified from command and control to affects. That's our future. And we bring in these orders that are in the 500 K to $10 million range and that's what we work on in that. And then if you'll think about it we then apply that to the systems we have to make them better. And that what's happened to SeaLINKS as an example to tie it together.
Doug Harned - Bernstein & Co. Inc.: So, I guess what you are describing is that you should be able to by doing more with the technologies you are developing by potentially some new areas here that you can keep the same kind of growth rates that we've seen or I am trying to get an idea if we should be...
William Swanson: Yeah. It's hard for us to talk about 2010 right now. But the thing to think about our company, I keep saying that over and over again, it's a different kind of portfolio. And we are technology company that takes that technology and innovates it into our existing systems and future systems. And, given this kind of an economy, it's going to be hard for huge brand new starts. So, people are going try and keep going what they've have got and how do you improve it to make it better. And that's where we think we apply our technology to existing systems and new systems to make them state-of-the-art and give our customers an unfair advantage. That's what they are looking for.
Doug Harned - Bernstein & Co. Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
William Swanson: Hopes that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning.
William Swanson: Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Let me try to ask you about beyond '09 in a different way. You mentioned that you're seeing, you had this big book to bill on '08 and you mentioned that, a lot of that ramps in the second half of this year. What's the tale into 2010 and should we see the rate of growth actually maybe even accelerating in 2010 versus what it is in '09 as you have those nice bookings sort of ramp-up?
William Swanson: Yeah. I would say the way you have to look at that is you have to model the program in the sense that most of our programs are three year programs. You can almost divide them a third, a third and a third. They mix a little bit, but that's close enough. Some of the bigger programs go for five years and then you model those for that period and that wouldn't be 20%, 20% and 20%. They probably start out a little slower, peak in about year two, three, a little bit of four than they tail off. And that's how you have to look at those. And with all our programs, they all have different gestation periods. But that's how you should look at, when we get orders and model those. And so some of the big programs like UAE Patriot, that will be spread over a five year period. But the bulk will be in the beginning as we look at it. So I have been -- I am giving a generic answer, but you almost have to take it program-by-program, the way we look at it.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: That makes sense. As a follow-up on cash flow, you had discussed how you were fast approaching your goal of 750 million of working capital improvements. Where are we in that number? How much more is that -- is there beyond than you originally thought? Then can you give us a little bit more color, your cash flow is always back-end loaded but the numbers in the back of your exhibits today have a huge number in the fourth quarter relative
William Swanson: Yeah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: To the rest of the year. Can you just give us a little color there?
William Swanson: Sure, with respect to the working capital improvements over the last few years. I think just a quick perspective is in order. If you look at our operational working capital turns, in '06 we were -- we had about 9.6 turns on an annual basis, '07 that moved to 13 turns, '08, 14.7 turns and in the first quarter of '09 we were at 15.1 turns. That's important because that's the math, that basically reflects the improvement in overall performance from a working capital standpoint. With respect to the $750 million goal that we spoke to in mid '07, we're -- we've improved from an absolute standpoint, slightly better than 600 million. So, we are continuing to make good progress in that area and we're confident that we will at least achieve that goal in the relative near-term. With respect to the cash flow cadence, the biggest driver in that area is the performance based payments and they have typically traditionally been most impactful in the fourth quarter of the year and that's certainly the case this year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot. Great quarter.
David Wajsgras: Sure.
William Swanson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David Strauss - UBS: Good morning.
William Swanson: Good morning David.
David Strauss - UBS: Bill, I think Secretary Gates, one of the programs he did call out was MKV. Could you talk about your involvement there, the size of the program and kind of what you are thinking?
William Swanson: Yes, it wasn't that big for us because we were working -- we were starting a different kind of approach to that program both, us and Lockheed were involved in it. So, mentioning that won't have a big effect on us. Clearly, I think we somebody asked me back in about the third or fourth quarter of last year what I saw happening. I think I had predicted that systems that were going to be out there state-of-the-art that had to be proved would be under scrutiny. And so, we see some of that and I think MKV fit in that category. That's why the attention goes to systems like Patriots, Standard Missile-3, MK, CEDS (ph), those are proven and so the attention will be on there.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. Thanks.
William Swanson: But little impact was on that portion.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. And Dave, on...
William Swanson: I should have mentioned KEI, I think that's going to get more attention because people are going to worry about boost phase and that's going to be important here as you try to shoot it down early, probably over the other person's territory rather than your territory.
David Strauss - UBS: Dave, on cash flow, I guess obviously now I know the tax refund you got in the quarter was included in your operating cash flow guidance for the year. What are you looking at for net tax payments for the year and was this something that you had originally contemplated you would be gaining in the third quarter because your cash flow guidance for the third quarter came down a fair amount?
David Wajsgras: Sure. From a cash tax standpoint, in 2008 as you know we paid about 450 million, this year it will be just over 200 million, which is baked into our latest guidance. In the first quarter, I believe we had talked about the expected tax refund on the fourth quarter call and it was assumed in our in our prior guidance. From a cadence standpoint there is always some moving pieces with respect to performance based milestones and there is really nothing notable with respect to how this plays out for the balance of the year, other than the strong impact in the fourth quarter.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. And just one follow-up, pension did you make any contribution in the quarter and what is the timing you're looking that for the potential contribution this year?
David Wajsgras: Yeah, as you know, from a pension standpoint, we will contribute on a gross basis, $1.1 billion and from that perspective those payments are basically made between the early part of the year and late in the third or mid third quarter, late in the third quarter. We did make payments in the first quarter. The timing for this year is more heavily impacted in Q2 and Q3.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. Great. Thanks.
David Wajsgras: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Rob Stallard with Macquarie.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Group: Good morning.
William Swanson: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Group: First question on bookings. You saw the backlog bend slightly from the year-end and looking year-on-year, your bookings were also down. Is it just the normal sort of quarterly lumpiness in orders or was this a little bit weaker than you're expecting?
William Swanson: If we look quarter-to-quarter, this quarter-to-quarter of last year, we were up slightly and when you think about it we had a good growth in sales this quarter. And if you look at from a standpoint what our sales cadence has been over the last 12 months, the fact that our bookings quarter-to-quarter are slightly up, we feel pretty good about it given the strength of our sales.
David Wajsgras: Let me just add one thing to that. Bookings are driven by timing. So it's a very difficult just to look at one quarter in isolation. In Q4 of 2008 our book-to-bill ratio was 1.4 and that resulted in a record backlog for the year. If you take the last six months first quarter this year and fourth quarter of last year on a cumulative basis the book-to-bill is 1.2. We did have some orders that came in Q4 that were originally expected in Q1. So I think that probably helps put things in prospective.
William Swanson: And that's, great. And we try and look at it more than just one quarter because we don't have our engineers draw a conclusion from one point of data. So I am looking at one of our engineers across the table. So I am making another point here so.
David Wajsgras: I think you understand.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Group: Okay. And second on the cash deployment. You spend a lot of money on share buyback in the quarter and dividend. Did you find anything on the M&A front that was of interest, or were the prices just not reasonable for you?
William Swanson: Nothing's changed on M&A for us. We constantly look at what capabilities we have, where our gaps are and what we need to go to. I would probably sense that there is more activity going on now. And I would expect at some point here in the future prices to be a little bit better. But right now that I would say the vector is still somewhat flat with the tendency to go down if that helps?
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Group: Yeah. That's fine. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wachovia.
Sam Pearlstein - Wachovia: Hi, good morning.
William Swanson: Good morning.
Sam Pearlstein - Wachovia: Bill, just a follow-up on that. I mean you had virtually no net debt for quite a while now. And I guess just as you think about the balance sheet, what do you think the right mix in your capital structures should be and should you be more opportunistic and aggressive with the buyback when we had kind of the pressure we did this first quarter? And just how do you think about the balance sheet?
William Swanson: The way I think about the balance sheet is we are one of the few companies in this country today that have a strong balance sheet and who would have ever thought that about six or seven years ago when we were 13 billion in debt to be debt free today. It gives us company, strong fire power to be able to invest in itself and our technologies and to do things as we go forward. And I wish, I could have said we had a crystal ball way back when to try and get our debt down. But it positions us well we think through things entirely differently. We can look at programs. We can bid on things today that we've got resources to put the teams and investments to go do, so that we can try and maintain the growth that we've been on. Having said that, it does give us the flexibility to do things when prices are in a better shape. And I think it would have been wrong to buy things -- to buy them for buyings sake, when prices where away too high. So, from a standpoint, I think we've been disciplined in our capable employment from a standpoint of either share repurchase or dividends or investing in ourselves and doing those core niche built-ons that we needed to provide in additional capability. So, from our standpoint we're going to continue to look. We'll do things but we're going to do them in a prudent way.
Sam Pearlstein - Wachovia: Okay. Thank you. And then just...
William Swanson: Does that help?
Sam Pearlstein - Wachovia: For Dave, couple of other things. Can you just talk about what the size of the favorable contract settlement was in FAS? And then also on the tax rate, is this 32.7 kind of where we should be thinking about the full year?
David Wajsgras: Yeah. With respect to FAS it is actually two settlements. The total amount was about $12 million. So, that's the first part, one for 7 million and one for 5 million. With respect to the tax rate that's -- you're thinking about it the right way. If you think about in the 33% range in 32.5 or 33% that's the way to think about this.
Sam Pearlstein - Wachovia: Okay. Thank you.
William Swanson: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Oppenheimer & Co.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co: Yes, good morning. Good quarter.
William Swanson: Thank you.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co: Question for you, again following up on some Secretary Gates' comments, one of the comments he made this with respect to in-sourcing and the potential movement in that direction of currently outsourced work to contractors. Can you give us some flavor as to what that might mean to your business and where if any you might have exposure to that trend?
William Swanson: Yeah, we really don't have much exposure to that trend from a standpoint. I think I have been fairly consistent in my discussions of that in IT and areas that I call discretionary spending and I've stated in a way that DoD is no different then aerospace in the sense that when budgets gets tight, you look at what areas you can cut and those fall in discretionary spending and that's not something that we went and chased from our standpoint.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay. The other question I have for you, Bill is on the supply chain and one of the programs, Patriot I think you're kind of going into a stage where you are moving a warm line to a hot line, and just curious from your perspective with respect to the supply chain, both in that product as well as across your products as maybe they confront some more challenging situations than you are confronting. Have you had to reach out or do you see any risk in the supply chain?
William Swanson: No, in fact -- I should say, I shouldn't say no risk. There is always a risk when you take on complicated systems. But I can say recently, I attended a startup review. So for me I said goodbye to a 140 systems when I was a plant manager and it was nice to watch all the planning and thought process that went in. The other thing, you can see is that when you start a new hotline, you can go in and use newer technologies to do similar functions, which means the reliability can go up, the costs can down, the performance will be better, especially if you've got a great plan to do your first articles and transition those in to production. Now is a nice time to be buying things. I can tell you, everybody wants to listen to you, if you're out there with orders. So, from our standpoint, we've got a good partnership with our suppliers and I feel pretty good about our startup in that regard. Now, it means we've got to go in and help because if they are starting up new, they've got to understand the intricacies of Patriot and any system. But we have a very active program here in Raytheon to make sure we know about the heath and welfare of our suppliers and if they need help how do we help them. We'll actually go in and do Six Sigma training, we'll help them with mission assurance and quality systems and that's all about being a partner with us.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay. Thanks.
William Swanson: Okay.
Marc Kaplan: Lauren, we have time for two more questions please.
Operator: Terrific. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Ruttenbur with Morgan Keegan.
Brian Ruttenbur - Morgan Keegan: Thank you very much. Great quarter. I -- first question is major catalyst coming up, you've got the international awards, obviously that's getting a lot of traction. I want to know what's going on that we should watch for on the domestic front. Obviously, the DGE 1000 or Zumwalt, but is there going to be anything going on with the DDG-51 that you're going to be going bidding on?
William Swanson: Yeah, we -- in fact I actually started on the Aegis system way back when there was a system called Slick 32 on there, that's back in the 70s. That will show you some of the technology that's on Zumwalt, and so the EW systems are there that we make. We make some of the illuminators that go on there, the underwater systems that go on there. Of course the missiles that go in the whole are there. We actually do a lot of the driver, pre-driver, final power amplifiers. I can go on forever and tell you what we do on the 51. So, Raytheon has a lot of content. They are going to be starting those lines up. I can tell you some of the equipment that's on there is going to need to re-done. And I would like the thing some of our Zumwalt equipment would be absolutely perfect for that ship if we're going continue to restart those lines. Now one of the things that's going to happen is we're going to start to put estimates together to start the 51 and we will have to see what that build is when we go do it. But clearly it's a way to upgrade an existing platform. And we are already there and we look forward to doing some more. Regarding domestically for us, we've got a few that we're watching. There is a GPS OCX award that will come mid-to-late year, along with the GOZAR development. Both of those look like, they're still there for the air force. And then there is a small diameter bomb competition that will be the later part of this year, that we're competing on. That will be a head-to-head competition. So those are the three big domestic ones we have. Other than that, everything is small.
Brian Ruttenbur - Morgan Keegan: Okay. What was your content on the 51 before?
William Swanson: We -- I'd have to get to that number I don't remember it off the top of my head, because it comes in so many pieces. We didn't total it up by a ship to tell you the truth.
Brian Ruttenbur - Morgan Keegan: Thank you, very much.
William Swanson: Yeah. And we're not sure of what they're really going to start up again either. So the 51 start-up isn't defined yet and that's going to take some effort.
Brian Ruttenbur - Morgan Keegan: Okay.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you, very much. Two things, Bill.
William Swanson: Yeah.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Co.: Or may be Dave. First on SG&A again, continues to trend lower. Could you talk about whether it's -- some of the things you've done in terms of productivity or whether you are seeing some general economic trends that are also helping you in this environment?
David Wajsgras: Okay. Yeah, Howard. We continue to focus on cost efficiencies throughout the company from an operational perspective as well as from a general administrative standpoint. And you're right we did benefit somewhat in the fist quarter, relative to last year's first quarter. The driver there though was our own actions and our focus on our overall cost reduction.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Co.: And then so, I mean whether it was that some of the other contractors there were seeing the same cost coming in under plan? And I think that leaves you with some additional opportunity for improved profitability as the year unfolds. I mean are you looking at some of these trends and saying we are really significantly ahead of where we thought we were going to be?
William Swanson: Howard its Bill. One thing I would remind you about is when RAC was part of Raytheon and we had an SG&A structure, RAC was sold and that has SG&A structure actually went down to match what was left? So we work really hard here on controlling what I had call our corporate costs that are controllable in the sense that what you're try and do when you're running your business is keep growing, but not add everything on that goes with it. And it's kind of hard to add here, if you know what I mean.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Co.: Yeah. I get the message loud and clear.
William Swanson: Okay.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you. I'll let it go at that. Appreciate it.
Marc Kaplan: Okay. I'd like to close by thanking everyone for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in learning more about our company, our recent performance and our outlook. And we look forward to speaking with you again in our second quarter conference call in July. Lauren?
Operator: And thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. And you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Kaplan - VP, IR William H. Swanson - Chairman and CEO David C. Wajsgras - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC Robert Stallard - Macquarie Research Equities Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company David Strauss - UBS Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co. Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q3 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Melanie and I will be your coordinator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session at the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Kaplan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Mark Kaplan - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks you, Melanie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. The results that we announced this morning, the audio feed of this call and the slides that we will reference are available on our web site at raytheon.com. Following the live call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We will start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then well leave plenty of time for questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to two per caller to allow for broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to caution you regarding your forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the companys future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These assumptions are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and that we discuss in detail in our SEC filings. Bill?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everybody. First, let me welcome Mark who joined us on September 8th, and we are glad to have him on the team. The company had a strong third quarter and Im pleased with our performance across the board. We are successfully executing our strategy and continue to see positive results. Strong bookings, 12% sales growth and a 17% increase in earnings per share. We remain very well positioned strategically, operationally, and financially. Yesterday, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $2 billion of companys outstanding common stock. This new authorization demonstrates our confidence in our future. Based on our continued strong performance, we are increasing our 2008 guidance for sales, EPS and ROIC. We are also providing our initial guidance for 2009, which shows good growth. We expect to grow sales in 2009, between 5% and 8%, and to increase earnings per share between 10% and 15%. Dave will provide you with additional details in a couple of minutes. In the meantime, I want to talk briefly about where we have been as a company and where we are today, especially within the context of the recent financial market and broader economic news. Over the past five years, weve transformed our company into a consistent, predictable performer with a strong and focused portfolio of programs and our businesses are well managed. Its a portfolio built on our core capabilities and on the opportunities to apply these capabilities to meet customer needs in the United States and around the world. Next, and importantly, we continue to have a successful track record of operational performance. We are focused on meeting our commitments to customers, to employees and to our shareholders. No company is completely immuned from volatility in the financial markets or the weakening global economy; however, what Raytheon can do, what we have been doing and what we will continue to do is focus on the things we do best, the activities that drive long-term value. In other words, this is all about performance, relationships, and solutions. Our vision, strategy, goals and values are clear. They are understood throughout the company. They have served us well, and they will continue to guide us in the future. Demand in our industry is primarily driven by the threat environment, and most people would agree that the world remains an unpredictable place. The range of threats to our country and our allies has expanded, and those threats dont appear to be going away any time soon. Within the domestic and international government and defense industry, we are focused on our core and adjacent markets. We see increasing customer needs in these markets, and therefore, we are confident in our outlook for future growth. In summary, our future is bright, our strategy is working, we are an innovative company, we are performing well and we continue to have significant opportunities to further enhance our customers capabilities and to create long-term shareholder value. With that, I will turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks starting with the third quarter results, then I will briefly discuss our increased guidance for 2008 and our initial outlook for 2009. After that, we will open up this call for some questions. During my remarks, I will be referring to the web slides that we issued earlier this morning. Okay. If everyone would please move to page three. As Bill noted, we performed well in the third quarter. Sales of $5.9 billion were up 12% from Q3 of last year. Operating income of $680 million was up 19% and EPS from continuing operations of $1.01 was up 17%. We also had strong bookings and ended the quarter with a solid backlog. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $758 million, and we repurchased six million shares of common stock for $340 million, bringing the total amount we have repurchased for the year to 16.7 million shares. We increased our 2008 guidance. Our Board authorized repurchase of an additional $2 billion of the companys outstanding common stock, and both Standard & Poors and Fitch upgraded our long-term senior unsecured credit rating to A minus. These upgrades are important to us, and they are a recognition of our progress to date, as well as our financial outlook. Taken all together, our recent performance, our increased guidance, the authorization to repurchase additional shares and the upgrades reflect our solid financial metrics, balanced approach to capital deployment and strong financial position. Turning now to page four. I would like to go through some of the details of our third quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $5.8 billion. Notable awards included $200 million of missiles for the production of Phalanx for the US Navy, $125 million for the competitive development of the US Army led Joint Air-to-Ground Missile program or JAGM and $114 million for the production of the Rolling Air Frame Missile for an international customer. TS booked $437 million for ATCOTS to provide training for the Federal Aviation Administration. TS also booked an additional $409 million for work on the Warfighter FOCUS contract for the US Army, bringing the year-to-date bookings on that program to $827 million. NCS booked $233 million for the design and development phase of the Joint Precision Approach and Landing System for the US Navy. IIS booked $119 million on the Consolidated Field Services contract to provide support for the US Air Force. In addition, IIS and SAS booked $728 million on a number of classified contracts. Backlog at the end of the third quarter was $37 billion, up from $33.9 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2007. Our backlog has increased by approximately $400 million since the end of last year. Turning now to page five. As I noted earlier, third quarter EPS from continuing operations was $1.01 versus $0.86 in the prior year. The increase was driven by operational improvements and lower pension expense. I would also like to briefly comment on our operating cash flow during the quarter, which was significantly higher than the guidance we provided in July. It was up by approximately $300 million. About two-thirds of the increase was due to timing and the balance was the result of performance improvements. If you now turn to page six, you can see that total company sales grew by 12% in the third quarter. All of our businesses performed well, and each contributed to our strong growth. IDS net sales of $1.3 billion were up 11%, compared to the same period last year. This is primarily due to growth on US Army programs and the US Navy program. Intelligence and Information Systems had third-quarter net sales of $801 million, up 18%, driven by the eBorders contract. Missile systems net sales of $1.4 billion were up 8% in the quarter, driven by higher volume from AMRAAM and Phalanx. Network Centric Systems had third quarter 2008 net sales of $1.1 billion, up 11% when compared to the third quarter of 2007. The most significant driver here was the US Army Communication and EO/IR programs. Space and Airborne Systems had third quarter 2008 net sales of $1.1 billion, up 7% versus the third quarter of 2007, driven by higher volume on several domestic sensor programs. And Technical Services had third quarter 2008 net sales of $689 million, up 24%, the result of higher volume on training programs. We are pleased with the program execution at Technical Services, as well as our expanding participation in mission support and training. Turning now to page seven. As we guided on our prior calls, IDS margin was lower than last year, primarily due to a change in program mix and the sale of certain software licenses in the prior year. IIS during the quarter reflects the impact of acquisition costs and other investments in cyber operations and information security capabilities. Also during the quarter, we completed the previously announced acquisition of Telemus Solutions, a provider of information security, intelligence and related technical services. Telemus advances our efforts to establish an end-to-end capability in this emerging growth area. Missiles continue to deliver solid margin in the quarter, both NCS and SAS had higher margins than last year, primarily driven by improved operational performance, and Technical Services margin was down lightly from the same period last year, primarily due to changes in program mix. Our overall operating margin for the quarter was 11.6%, which was an increase of 60 basis points from the third quarter of 2007. This increase in margin was the result of lower pension expense. Before I discuss our guidance for the balance of 2008 and our initial outlook for 2009, I want to briefly comment on our strong financial position. At the end of the third quarter, we had approximately $2.8 billion in cash, the majority of which was in US treasuries. We have no outstanding commercial paper and we have no debt maturities until 2011 and no borrowings on our revolvers. In summary, we have the financial stability and flexibility to focus our efforts on continuing to grow our business. Moving now to page eight, I would like to talk about our updated outlook for the year. We expect sales to be in the range of between $22.9 billion and $23.2 billion, an increase of $100 million on the high end. We expect FAS/CAS pension expense to be $125 million, and were now planning for net interest expense to be between $50 million and $55 million, which is at the high end of our prior range. By shifting the majority of our cash into US treasuries, we are earning less interest income and so our net interest expense is increasingly accordingly. Next, weve increased the high end of our full year 2008 EPS guidance by $0.05, and weve also updated the range to between $3.95 and $4.00. You should note that as weve discussed on previous calls, our full year 2008 EPS guidance already included the R&D tax credit extension, which was recently passed by Congress. And finally, we have increased the high end of our guidance for ROIC by 10 basis points and updated the range to between 10.3% and 10.5%. ROIC is one of the primary metrics that we use to manage our business and we are pleased with the progress that we are making in this area. On page nine, we provide a little more color on our 2008 performance. Our sales outlook for each of our businesses has improved. We have increased the high end of our guidance for full year total company sales by about $100 million, and we have updated the range for each business. We also increased the high end and narrowed the range of our guidance for full year total company operating margin. Moving on to page 10, I would like to now discuss the initial outlook for 2009. We expect next years sales to grow by approximately 5% to 8%, ending the year between $24.3 billion and $24.8 billion. We expect earnings per share to be between $4.45 and $4.60, which would represent growth of approximately 10% to 15% over 2008. And, we are forecasting operating cash flow to be between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion. As you compare our expected cash flow performance in 09 to 08, you should note that in 09, we expect an additional $300 million of net cash tax payments. Before we move on, let me add some additional color on our pension plan. Let me start by saying that the security of the companys pension plan assets remain solid. The plan is well diversified, and although we invest in equities and other securities, its highly liquid with significant cash in treasuries on hand to meet all obligations for the foreseeable future. We have assumed that the net impact on our income statement for 2009, FAS/CAS pension adjustment would be a positive $77 million. If you please move to page 11, I will take you through some of the details. As we have highlighted with a shaded box, our guidance for our FAS/CAS pension adjustment in 2009 assumes a negative 15% asset return for 2008 and a 7.5% discount rate. These assumptions reflect our best estimates at the end of the third quarter. You should know that through the end of the third quarter, our planned performance approximated a negative 15%. Weve provided this sensitivity analysis to help you better understand the impact that the market environment could have on our FAS/CAS pension adjustment in 2009. As you can see, the adjustment changes depending on the combination of our actual asset return for 2008 and the discount rate. And just to be clear, these will be known and determined as we close out 2008 and will be discussed during our conference call in January. Turning now to page 12, here we provide you with a little more detail on our assumed FAS/CAS and cash funding requirements for 2009. Let me make a brief comment on CAS, our recoverable pension expense. CAS would increase due to lower than expected performance on our pension plan assets, however, unlike CAS, its not impacted by changes in discount rates. Whats important for you to keep in mind is that some portion of any increase in CAS would negatively impact our business unit margins in the near term. Finally, we expect our cash funding requirements in 09 to increase by about $100 million over 2008. We hope that this provides you with some additional clarity on our assumed pension impact for 2009, and, again well provide you with a detailed update in January. Let me conclude by saying that the company had a great third quarter. We delivered double-digit growth in organic sales and earnings per share. We had excellent cash flow generation and we continued to improve our return on invested capital. Based on this performance and our near term expectations, we have increased our guidance for 2008, and we have provided initial guidance for 2009 that reflects our confidence in our continued profitable growth. With that, Bill and I will open the call up for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Troy Lahr with Stifel Nicolaus. Go ahead.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Based on the $2 billion share repurchase that you guys announced, I think that this is essentially almost all of you free cash for next year. Does this mean that theres a change in the direction at the company on the capital deployment plan as you are moving away more from a balanced deployment strategy?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Troy, its a good question. What we have put in place now was an authorization, approved by the Board yesterday for $2 billion, you correctly stated that. Its not time phased. So we dont want to imply that this is going to be used for share repurchase over any specific period or any specific quarter. You are right. I mean it equates to our... roughly to our cash flow expectations for next year, but, again its not time phased and we dont want to imply that it is.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. But then, are you still saying that you have a balanced cash deployment strategy?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Those are the exact words that I would have used and Im glad you asked the question that way. Weve had a very cash... weve had a very balanced cash deployment philosophy and strategy historically and that will certainly be the case going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan. Go ahead.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: First question, Bill, is on SAS. It looks like you had a... the best growth rate youve had there in some time and you raised sales and earnings guidance there. Im just wondering whats changed there. Do you think the businesses turned the corner?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, remember... Im trying to remember now. Its almost been about two years, we had talked about space and the impact and the shifting of those programs. I think thats behind us. I think SAS has got a great portfolio of programs. They really see it in some of their EO/IR, of course, the AESA radar is the hottest thing on the market right now. So we feel good about SAS and their forecast they have given us. So they have got a bright future.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: Any implications, we are seeing some turmoil right now, again in the industry, in the space industry, just with programs stretch outs and cancellations, etcetera. Do you think this business can continue to perform, despite whats going on there or are you cautious?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The business can perform. If you look at, it when you stretch out programs and the funding gets tight, that really puts pressure on the system. I think about a year ago, we had always said that we didnt expect 08 and 09 to be good space years. It would probably take 10 before everything straightened out. Clearly, theres some pressure that we have assets that we have got to make sure keep flying and we do things. So the people looking at this from a customer viewpoint really understand the issues and I think theyve got a good plan going forward. Its just that weve got to put stability back in our space programs. They are difficult programs. They are always pushing the envelope in technology and what they are trying to do, and, oh, by the way, we dont have as many anymore, so that means you o really have got to get each one right. So, it will take a while, but Im optimistic it will get straightened out. And the hard part is we are going through a change in administrations. So it will take sometime for the new team to get their priorities right.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. And then second question, what are you seeing and hearing from international customers, particularly given the big move down in oil. Any inclination things might be sliding or what are the expectations there?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I havent heard that yet. Ive made a couple of trips, and I have got another international trip next week. Clearly, actions in the world have made it unpredictable and countries have lined up what they want to go do and from my standpoint, internationally I think theres more sensitivity today than there was a few months ago. So thats kind of my read.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Go ahead.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Dave, just a clarification or really another question on pension. You talked about a 15% asset decline through the end of September.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: At the end of the third quarter, thats about where we were.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Where would you be today?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Today, if you rolled the reel forward, rough estimate would be around 20%.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Okay.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Its important, though, we provided a lot of information on page 11. We provided the grid of different combinations of potential asset return outcomes for 2008 and varying discount rates as we look forward into 2009. So I think from your standpoint, you can garner most of the information you would like probably from that page.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Yes, we can. I just wanted to sort of market-to-market, because we obviously had several conversations with folks this week, and the significant difference in performance between September and October just comes to mind. Okay. On that, switching back to the business, Bill, could you talk a little bit about... looks like youve got some upward pressure on revenue with missiles. Could you talk a little bit about that?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. If you look at missiles, clearly, they have more than just missiles. Everybody tends to look at them in that world, which is good because they are a national asset and they are the largest in the world. But they have other products that they work on, our active denial technology we see taking hold, some of our small UAV activities. So theyve got a bright future in that regard, and one of the things we try and do is be cautious as we look at that market and weve kind of forecasted where we see missiles, but were making sure that were going to grow in the other areas to be kind of a safety valve for us if that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Macquarie. Go ahead.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Research Equities: Good morning. I would like to tackle the pension thing again. Dave, I was wondering if you could sort of go maybe through some of the basics of how you managed to project a pension income number for next year, and yet so many of your peers are actually reporting an increased expense?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Its a fair question. Let me just... I will go through this briefly, but slowly. Okay. The FAS/CAS adjustment is impacted by changes in both methodologies. Now, while the variables... if you look at the grid on page 11, its probably the best reference point. The variables on the grid, the discount rate and the asset returns are linear, and the FAS/CAS pension calculations themselves are not, and so the results arent necessarily intuitive. If you look at the actual asset values, and you assume them to be declining, which is a fair assumption at this point, both the FAS and CAS expense will increase, but at different rates and the difference in their rates is largely due to different asset smoothing methodologies as well as actuarial factors and these actuarial factors importantly look at historical as well as prospective information. So in our case, things may not necessarily line up with what you are seeing at other large... certainly other large industrial companies or other large defense contractors.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Research Equities: And just looking at this, I may be comparing it back to what Raytheon saw in the past in 2002 and 2003, when poor returns in the market led to an increased expense. What is different this time around?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, you are probably aware of this, but I think its worth noting, our pension plan returns have historically been in the first quartile of performance on a very broad basis of comparison and certainly, weve outperformed in a significant way all major market... all major equity market indices. Those very strong positive returns historically continue to benefit the pension plan as we look forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Go ahead.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: Thank you. Just two things. First, since we are still on the pension grid, Dave, and you are absolutely right when you say its counterintuitive. I mean the greater the loss, the more income you have if you stick with that 7.5% rate. I would like to... if you would help us a little bit more with that, and
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: At some point you have to pay the piper, dont you? So is it in year two or three, or just kind of help me?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Howard, those are very fair questions and let me address those directly. First of all, lets just briefly touch on, the term would be asset smoothing. Both FAS and CAS smooth pension asset gains and losses when calculating the related expenses. The smoothing of asset performance for FAS purposes is over a three-year period. Its followed by an amortization period for Raytheon of approximately 11 years, which represents the average future working lifetime of the Raytheon population. The smoothing of the asset population for CAS purposes is over a five-year period, which is also followed by an amortization timeline or amortization period after that. And as I noted earlier, theres other actuarial factors that impact the expense calculations that create differences, both between FAS and CAS as well as cash funding. Now, as far as the funding profile is concerned, again keeping in mind that you have the FAS expense, and you also have the CAS allocation. So if you look at just... let me just kind of give you what the numbers were at least for 2008 and what were seeing going forward. If you look at the net cash impact of the company, 2008 will be slightly under $120 million. At 2009 were estimating it around $80 million, and then as the pension protection act starts to impact defense... large defense contractors, that goes up to about $350 million in 10 and about $500 million in 11. This assumes that theres harmonization between CAS and the pension protection act, which is being worked right now in Washington.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Go ahead.
David Strauss - UBS: Hey, guys. I will give you a break on pension for a minute.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Dave just smiled. You cant see him.
David Strauss - UBS: Looking at 2009, Bill or Dave, could you give us some color on what you are expecting on the international side in terms of both sales growth and bookings, and maybe just some color on what you think the bookings environment will look like in 09 as well.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think first of all, since nobody has asked yet, our booking guidance this year is a little bit stronger. I think we told you in July wed be around $23 billion plus or minus $500 million. We see it right now at about $24 billion, plus or minus $500 million. We expect international sales to grow double-digit next year. Right now, were running right on forecast. Were about 20% of sales this year. Bookings are running around 21, 22. We expect them to be in the 25% range by the end of the year and, of course, one big international order between now and the end of the year an it changes all the numbers, but thats kind of how we look at it. So internationally, were feeling pretty good about it. Weve seen no changes and weve got a good backlog in that area. If that gets to your question.
David Strauss - UBS: Yes, thats great. And then, Bill, how... the 2009 budget has now been passed. How did your important programs fare in that?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we felt we fared pretty good. I think people were predicting doom and gloom for [inaudible] back in the summer and I kind of reminded everybody how many years I have been around here and this was an unusual year. It really was, with elections going on and everything. And I think the real good news for investors here is that we have an approved budget and were not going to have a continuing resolution, which always adds turmoil and something. So weve got 09. We understand it. Our programs fared well, and one thing I probably should have mentioned on your international question, as we looked to next year, we added in about $500 million for Patriot that should be kind of coming in here between now and, say, the first part of the... the first quarter of next year in both Patriot and air defense programs. We wanted to make sure that we took that into account in some of the international activity we are seeing. At least give you some added guidance there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Oppenheimer. Go ahead.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks. Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Bill maybe you could talk about the ISR surge that appears to be gaining momentum within the DoD and in summary programming, FY 08 funds actually putting in 09 funds and maybe where you see that today, where you see that gaining momentum and how Raytheon is going to play in that?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, its a great question. Its part of our core. I think we have said on a call when asked... in uncertain times, you always want to know what your neighbor is doing. Maybe in your own neighborhood too, but as countries, they want to know whats going on borders and activity. And you also want, I will call it TiVo [ph] capability for everybody to understand. Can you backtrack it to find out if you had an event? Can you put the pieces together to find out what caused that event to happen? And the ISR world lets you do that. I will go back to our SAS business, and our missile business. In fact, even IDS with RAID, we have ISR capability where we provide that coverage and that intelligence to find out what goes on as I call it, left of the boom, because when something goes boom you want to know what led to it and find the pieces and basically go take action. So I think ISR has really proved its weight in gold. We have seen it in theater. As many of you know, we have a lot of systems there. And they have really proved their weight over there. The other thing is back to SAS, they delivered their first EO/IR integrated sensor to an airborne rotary wing platform and the results on it have been just eye watering, which for a techie like me, is what you want to see.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: And another detailed question on the backlog. It looks like IDS dropped sequentially and year-over-year is down. Can you point to what might be driving that and if you expect 4Q to have that uptick. I assume thats where the international is going to be.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me talk to backlog in general. We had a good sales month. We had a little bit difference in the backlog, but our book-to-bill is still running better one, and when you look at the end of the year, we expect our backlog to be up year-over-year, and we expect IDS to be in that same category. So, we feel okay with it. Those are always lumpy things and quarter sensitivity, and that one order changes that in a heart beat. So its not something Im concerned with.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Go ahead.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Good morning.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: On IIS, your margins have been kind of in the 8% range for the last four quarters, and as you are looking as you are guiding to 8.6% to 8.7%, that really says that you are going to have a pretty significant step up in Q4. So could you talk about... I the sense what has changed or has something changed in the business over the last four quarters thats led to lower margins relative to what you have seen before? And then, what are you expecting in Q4?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Excellent question. IIS is taking the lead with respect to our thrust into the IO/IA emerging market. Weve acquired a few different companies over the past year, and we have consolidated the product group under Mike Keebaugh. With that said, as you acquire... as we acquire these companies, we are continuing to invest in our cyber operations capabilities... cyber operations and security capabilities, and much of that expense is impacting the margin profile in IIS and has over the last three or four quarters. Frankly, if you were to just take that out of the equation from an IIS standpoint, margins would be up in the mid 9% range in line with last year. Looking to the fourth quarter, its a fair observation, the margins are expected to improve. A number of productivity initiatives that the business has taken are expected to positively impact the bottom line, but you are correct. It is a... its a higher margin than they have seen in the past, but we are completely comfortable with the company guidance that we have out there today.
Douglas Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: And then as a second question, you were down selected for JAGM and when you look at that, this is a fixed price development contract. Im interested, Bill, to see how you are thinking about performing on this particular program, and others like it, if we end up seeing more here. How are you going to approach those?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you used the term fixed price development. Not every fixed price development contract is a fixed price development contract. And I dont want to get into the particulars, but I would classify that as a best efforts fixed price contract, which means when you take it on for $125 million, you are going to try and deliver the best you can for $125 million. And so dont think of it as... that youve got to design a television set everything has got to work to what its supposed to and got to be delivered on that certain date. Thats not the way the contract is structured. And so I think I have said before, fixed price contracts have a place. They have a place where the TRO levels on your design are such that you can go and bid hardware in the future, and we are okay with that and not a problem. But when you look at JAGM, its a different kind of fixed price contract. Having said all of that, there are some that will remember the JCM contract and predicted a demise of some missile businesses, and that program is no longer there. We are involved with JAGM, we intend to do the best we can, and thats why we are a big missile house and we look forward to competition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein with Merrill Lynch. Go ahead.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Yes, good morning, guys.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of questions for you. Bill, big picture question. From looking at the industry as long as you have, whats your expectation with regard to what the federal governments intervention and the financial markets, and what that could mean for any [inaudible] out of defense spending. Do you think thats a possibility, or how do you think about it?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think about it, and I might be a little bit of a contrarian here, because I have been around and seen it. The thing I feel good about, and it got reaffirmed yesterday. If you didnt pick it up, Secretary Gates was fairly upbeat on the long-term U.S. defense budget. And I believe hes really looking at it the right way. He said what were trying to protect real growth and technology and research and development, so that we dont fall hind in those areas. Thats what its about. This nation is a strong nation. We are going through a tough time in the economy, but Im one of these that, I dont view the glass as half empty. Its half full. Now as an engineer, it might be over designed, but its half full and we should be optimistic in the fact that we are strong. We are strong because even in tough times, our country and our leaders support our defense. And I dont see that changing. It is an uncertain world and in certain times, you got to make sure that you make the tough calls, and I see people doing that. So, I look at it. I think the Secretary got it right. That doesnt mean its going to be easy. We are all going to have to do tough things. As a company, we are doing things different. We are making sure our productivity measures are as good as we can make them, we are watching our expenses like anybody else. But its a nice financial position that we are in, and we want to make sure we take full advantage of that. So thats kind of the way I look at it. A lot of people want to predict doom and gloom. I dont see it from that standpoint.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And Dave, maybe just two details for you. If you look at the 09 outlook, does that contemplate the margins being up?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me try to frame 09. We will get into the details, Ron on the January call. The way I would characterize it is from an operating income growth standpoint. If you exclude the impact that CAS will have on the business margins, the growth is essentially in line. And the balance of the improvement from the roughly $4 to the range that weve provided for 09, its a balance of of the pension adjustment that we would be anticipating for next year, as well as our cash deployment actions that weve have taken and contemplate taking.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Yes, Id like to follow up on that. If you just kind of take your guidance, it looks like Op margins will be down some 60 or 70 basis points. Dave, you alluded to kind of the higher CAS would have an adverse impact on operating results. Could you explain to us how and why that happens and how we should consider that in trying to model your business?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. And this is Im glad you asked that, because this is, obviously it impacts Raytheon, but I would suggest that any company that is under CAS guidelines will be impacted as well. And essentially the way to think about it is the CAS allocation works its way into the overall wrap [ph] rates for the company or the fringe rates for the company, and works its way, obviously into pricing. And when you think through the the contract makeup of any company, that will impact primarily the fixed price programs in backlog. So thats kind of the summary answer of the way to think about the CAS impact. And what were suggesting, which I think is a fair assumption certainly given the market dynamics at this point is that, there will be an impact next year. Its also early. Its the third quarter call. We are still going through the planning process. Again, there is just like this year, we continue to look at the mix of the programs and the stage of development the programs are in. We expect some large new bookings next year that or in the relative near term that Bill spoke to earlier, and we take all that into account when we are giving the range for margins next year.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Okay. And then you indicated on a cash basis the required funding, and yet it looks like to me if in fact, we market 20% negative ROI this year, that you will enter next year being under funded by over 30%, the highest a record level of under funding. How should we think about that required funding?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Cai, Im sorry, I missed the first part. Im sorry to have you repeat it. Repeat the question.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Yes. The question is that if you if your performance this year is minus 20%, it looks like next you will enter next year being under funded in your plan by approximately 30% or more, which would be a record level of percentage under funding. You indicated to us the required funding contribution for this year and next year. How do you think about the reality? What do you actually want to put in, and could that number go up substantially? And if not, why not?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Cai, thats also an excellent question. Im glad someone asked that. If you take it to, say the 20% level, what we are seeing is not the under funded position that you just articulated. Its more in the 75 plus range from a PBO standpoint. As you know, that is from an ABO standpoint, we would obviously be in excess of the 75% funding obligation that we have. So lets put that as point number one. With respect to point number two what was the second part of your question? Repeat it, Cai, Im sorry. Did you go away Cai?
Operator: Cai, please press star one again.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. You know what? Let me just finish. I was going to clarify where Cai was going with respect to, it sounds like to discretionary pension funding, as we look to next year and the out years. We have, like I said before, a balanced approach to overall capital deployment. We continue to fund our pension. This year, we will put in approximately $550 million. As we look forward, with respect to the pension protection act, theres a basically a timeline that suggests the pension requirement to be fully funded in a seven year period on an ABO basis, and we will be fully funded well in excess of those requirements.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Do you have
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: All right. Sorry to have Cai cut off.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are not doing it, Heidi.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: I have to somewhat give you a hard time, because it seems like the longer you put together quarterly track record, the shorter the sentence is on the individual divisions in terms of describing what happened.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Isnt that good news?
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Ive noticed that. Yes, thats right. So can you talk a little bit about I wanted to talk about the top line in IIS, because that just continues work quarter-after-quarter. If we take a look at the guidance youre giving for the year; that implied a cliff drop in growth in the fourth quarter. Can you talk in the near term about why that would be the case? And also, I know this is going to be touchy, but at least can you give us a flavor as to whats driving this growth here, and how should we think about the sustainable growth rate in this division going forward? Next couple of years?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think if you look at it, they benefited from e-Borders. I think. Im trying to go from memory, somebody will help me here if I get it wrong. We were about $80 million in 07, and I think this year we will be about $300 million. So when you look at it, great growth. So when we start to look at the fourth quarter, thats when e-Borders started to kick in last year. So that kind of explains the Delta. IIS has got a great portfolio. Its starting to expand internationally as you can imagine. So we feel pretty good about where we see immigration or border control going, and they should benefit from that, given their capability and domain knowledge and taking unbelievable databases and managing those and providing high fidelity decisions from that data and doing it in a way thats extremely secure. And so thats their strength, and we feel good about it.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: And who are your major competitors in that arena, Bill?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right now, we are kind of alone in thewhat I will call count them in, count them out immigration. We will probably start to see others, but from our standpoint, it always helps having a Marquee program and doing good on that Marquee program to help you. Theres nothing better than your customers helping you with your marketing.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And Dave, a question for you on the overall guidance on the year. Youve done $17 billion in sales year-to-date. You are guiding 23. Again, that implies, after having done kind of very solid growth year-to-date that we are talking about 1% growth in the fourth quarter. Can you - weve gotten into IIS a bit, but can you give us color on the overall businesses or are you just being conservative.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I like how you frame the question, Heidi. You will recall that in the first quarter, we had a few extra work days to the comparable first quarter of last year, and so that carried through on a year-to-date basis. And if you look at the fourth quarter, we have less work days than last years fourth quarter. If you take that impact out of the equation, we are expecting growth in the fourth quarter, again, on a comparable basis of about 5% to 6%, but, again, you have to keep in mind that theres less work days.
Operator: And our last question is a follow-up from Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Go ahead.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: Thank you very much. A couple, just cleanup items Dave.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Howard, how did you get back on the call?
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: Well, because I got cut off before. And you know I figured out how to gain the system, Bill. Youre not the only one who can do that.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, no. Howard, Howard, Howard. Were in the Intel business.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: Im afraid to know what that means next.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: All right, but I will be very brief here. You talk to follow up on Heidis point, you really had some spectacular numbers in MCS in terms of Army programs and some other things. Could you elaborate on more of what it is? In some ways, its the failings going into a market of who to thank [ph]?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: But could you be a little bit more specific there?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, if you look at MCS, theyve go a broad product base. You did ask about MCS, because we were on IIS.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: Yes, correct.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So MCS has had good growth in our Army programs. We also see them starting on the what I will call a border command and control security end of it for them. So I just look at all of their product lines and they are all doing well, as we look at it. So, whether you look at our air traffic management, whether you look at our toll road activity, and so forth, theyve got a good broad base of programs that continue to do well. Its kind of a general answer, but theres nothing specifically driving it, except good programs and good performance.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company: Thank you very much.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And that is our final question today.
Mark Kaplan - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you very much for joining us. Wed like to close by thanking everyone. We appreciate your interest in learning more about our company, our recent performance, our outlook and well look forward to speaking with you again in the fourth quarter conference call in January. Good-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Singer - IR William H. Swanson - Chairman and CEO David C. Wajsgras - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen & Company Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein Myles Walton - Oppenheimer Rob Stallard - Macquarie Research Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Raytheon Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Angela and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And now, I'd like to turn the presentation over to your initial host for today's call, Mr. Jim Singer, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Jim Singer - Investor Relations: Thank you, Angela. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Our results were released this morning, the audio feed of this call and the charts referenced are available on our website at www.raytheon.com. Following the live call, an archive of both the audio replay and a printable version of the slides will be available on our Investor Relations website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then we will leave plenty of time for questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to two per caller to allow broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to caution you regarding our forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today that are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's future plans, objectives and expected performance constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and we discuss in detail in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Bill.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased with the performance of all our businesses, which resulted in another strong quarter for Raytheon. We had solid bookings, sales, op income and EPS in the quarter, each of which experienced double-digit growth over Q2 in 2007. Overall, very good results for the quarter and year-to-date. As we look ahead, our view for the balance of the year is also positive. Our operational improvements have enabled us to increase our outlook for the year on sales, EPS, operating cash flow and ROIC, which Dave will address in more detail shortly. All of this bodes well for the future. I want to leave enough time today for questions, so I will be brief. Let me just reiterate that I believe Raytheon's strong results reflect our continued focus on execution and providing our customers with the best technology and solutions for their missions. This was reinforced last week in the U.K. at the Farnborough International Air Show, where we had the opportunity to meet with many customers and get their positive feedback. Raytheon team continues to execute with excellence and customer focus on all our programs. I am proud of the work they do everyday for our customers. With that, I will turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks starting with the second quarter highlights and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks, I'll be referring to the web slides we issued earlier this morning. Okay, if everyone would please move to page three. As Bill noted, we performed well in the second quarter. We had solid bookings and ended the quarter with a strong backlog. Sales of $5.9 billion were up 11% from Q2 of last year, and EPS from continuing operation of $1 was up 27%. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $767 million, which was significantly better than the same period last year. The company repurchased 5.2 million shares of common stock for $340 million, bringing the total amount repurchased for the year to 10.7 million shares. Looking forward, we have increased our guidance in a number of areas that I'll address in just a moment. Turning now to page four, let me start by providing some detail on our second quarter results. Our total company booking for the quarter was $6 billion. A notable award for the quarter included 412 million of missiles for AMRAAM, roughly split 50/50 between international and domestic customers. 376 million for the production of Standard Missile-3 for the U.S. Navy and the Missile Defense Agency and 245 million for the production of Evolved SeaSparrow missiles for international customers in the U.S. Navy. TS booked an additional 309 million of work for the Warfighter FOCUS contract for the U.S. army to provide live, virtual and constructive training services bringing the year-to-date bookings on this program to $419 million. 179 million was booked at IDS for the upgrade and support of the Patriot system for Kuwait and South Korea and 143 million for the Rapid Aerostat Initial Deployment program for the U.S. Army. NCS booked 115 million for the AMF Joint Tactical Radio System or JTRS program. IIS and SAS booked over $800 million on a numbers of classified contracts, the largest being close to $400 million. Backlog at the end of the second quarter was 37.5 billion, compared to 33.3 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2007. Our total backlog has improved by about $900 million year-to-date. Turning now to page five. As I noted earlier, second quarter EPS from continuing operations was $1, versus $0.79 in the prior year. The increase was driven by operational improvement and lower pension expense. The company also incurred a $0.09 charge in 2007 associated with the early retirement of approximately $1 billion of debt. Before moving to page six, I would like to briefly address operating cash flow, which was notably better than the same period last year. The improvement this quarter was attributable to a reduction in working capital items, combined with lower cash tax payments. The prior year included $316 million of cash payments related to the sale of the Raytheon Aircraft Company. If you now move to page six, you can see that overall sales grew by 11% in the second quarter of 2008 and all businesses contributed to this increase. IDS net sales of 1.3 billion were up 8% compared to the same period last year. This was primarily due to growth on U.S. Army programs. Intelligence and Information Systems had second quarter 2008 net sales of 829 million, up 24%, driven by the e-Borders contract. Missile Systems net sales of 1.4 billion were up 9% from the second quarter 2007 with higher volume from the Phalanx, Paveway and AMRAAM programs. Network Centric Systems had second quarter 2008 net sales of $1.2 billion, up 12% when compared to the second quarter 2007. The most significant driver here is centered on support for U.S. Army communication and EO/IR programs. Space and Airborne Systems had second quarter 2008 net sales of 1.1 billion, up 3% versus the second quarter 2007. Technical Services had second quarter 2008 net sales of $647 million, up 26% as a result of higher volume on training programs. We were pleased with the performance of Technical Services and feel that the strategy around mission support and training is paying of. Turning now to page seven, our overall operating margin for the quarter was 11.3%, which was an increase of 10 basis points from the second quarter of 2007, as a result of lower pension expense, which was in part attributable to the discretionary contributions we made last year. Turning back to our businesses, as we discussed on our prior calls, IDS as expected, experienced lower comparable margins, primarily as a result of a change in program mix and a positive adjustment last year related to award fees. The 16.6% margin for the quarter is consistent with our guidance for the year. IIS margins for the quarter reflect the impact of acquisition cost and other investments, as previously discussed in cyber operations and information security capabilities. Missiles posted solid margins in the quarter, improving 70 basis points to 11.5%, primarily due to our award fees. As for NCS, the business continued to have strong results. You may recall that last year's second quarter margins had a cumulative benefit from performance improvements recognized on some U.S. Army programs. SAS and Technical Services, both posted higher margins for the quarter, primarily driven by improved operational performance. Moving to our financial outlook on page eight. We now expect sales to be in a range of between $22.6 billion and $23.1 billion, an increase of $200 million over our prior guidance. Net interest expense is now expected to be in a range of between $40 million and $55 million as a result of improved cash flow. Our EPS outlook has improved by $0.15, and I will address this in further detail in a moment. With respect to operating cash flow from continuing operations, our outlook is now expected to be in the range of between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion, an improvement of $200 million. This increase is due to higher income as well as our focus on and results in working capital management. And finally, we have increased our ROIC guidance by 30 basis points to a range of between 9.9 and 10.4%. Moving now to page nine. As I mentioned earlier, we have raised our full year EPS guidance to a range of between $3.80 and $3.95. This increase is driven primarily by improved operational performance and lower taxes. The improvement in our effective tax rate is driven by the realization of favorable outcomes on several tax planning initiatives. If you'd now move to page 10, I will put a little more color on where we see each of our businesses. With respect to sales, our current outlook reflects further clarity on the DOD supplemental and customer priorities for the balance of the year. Based on this, we have increased our sales outlook for NCS and TS. We now expect NCS sales to be in the range of between $4.4 billion and $4.6 billion, and TS to be in the range of between $2.3 billion and $2.5 billion. Overall for the company, as I previously mentioned, we improved our sales outlook by $200 million for the year to a range of between $22.6 billion and $23.1 billion, which represents a 6 to 8% increase over last year. With respect to overall margins, the company has performing well. We have increased our full year total company margin outlook by 10 basis points to a range of between 11 and 11.3%. We had an excellent second quarter; a solid backlog, double-digit organic growth and strong cash flow generation. Our businesses continue to perform well and we expect that to be the case going forward. With that, let me open up the call to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. And your first question will come from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Good morning, guys
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: The first question is on the color on the guidance that we just got. You kept your operating margins pretty similar here. It looks like your incremental margin on the added sales is pretty higher, am I thinking about that wrong? And also could you speak to the lower Q3 and higher Q4 guidance?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. First of all, I'd like to remind everyone that the first half of the year had a couple of extra days, which are offset in the back half of this year. So there is a little bit of timing with respect to the certain sales and earnings cadence in particular. Let me point out that there were some cost reduction actions in SAS that we had originally anticipated in Q3, and Jon Jones and team out there were able to bring those forward into Q2. The award fees as well, with respect to missiles, some of which we anticipated in Q3 were also brought forward into Q2. So I was answering the second part of your question first. With respect to the higher volume, there is margin improvement on the higher volume and that did support the increase in the guidance.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Yeah. It seems like it's about double the regular margin there, on that increased 200 million in sales. The other question, Bill, perhaps you could speak to... there is obviously a lot of talk about DDG 1000. This has been out now for a couple of weeks, but really a lot of talk in last few days. What's Raytheon's position here? It seems like you have a fair amount of exposure to that program?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I wouldn't call it fair amount of exposure. Let me try and put it all in perspective. It will probably be a typically longer answer than I give, but I think it deserves merits and serves a lot of swirl up there and people are reporting on things that they really don't have an in-depth knowledge on and let me try and clarify it a little bit here. Not picking on anybody, but since we live it everyday. First, Zumwalt is currently the plan or record in the President's budget. That's what it is. It's a fact. The Navy has not discussed their current plans with us or industry. Clearly, they went at least if I read the papers and understand things, they were on the hill yesterday, trying to talk about the program. It is not swashed out. So, for me to comment on it without any real knowledge would be inappropriate. But I can't comment on the program. Our efforts, just to remind everybody, is not the halls. We are talking about the electronics and the integration and the new technology that goes on every one of these ships and future ships and backfit for that matter, because most of us that live in this world, and those that don't know what it was like if we would have to go from wireless back to landlines, that's not something we want to go do. The Navy has stated publicly that they need low manning to drive out operational costs. One of the things you have to look about these older ships, they probably take 350 plus people to man them. The Zumwalt at peak loading is way under half of it, let's say 150 round numbers, just to look at it. So, in our performance on this program, from a cost and our schedule point of view, has been called a model program. So it's not like, our efforts are floundering, and we are not performing and we are not meeting the goals. The office [ph] said is true, this is technology that the Navy has stated publicly that they need. And the threats in my opinion continue to outstrip old technology. That's why you have to keep pushing the envelope here. So I am kind to, try to take the high ground to put everything in perspective. People have to also understand that we've said and the Navy has said, these technologies are forward fit and backfit. For example, the SPY-3 radar is going to go on the CVN-78. That's already under contract, so it's not like things are being thrown away here. So it's not a doom and gloom scenario by any means. We are very cognizant of the technology and the responsibility on us to do the total ship computing effort. SPY-3 radar, the underwater, the communications, peripheral launchers, I could go on, it's important in that regard. We also need to remember, this is the budgeting season. We go through this every year. For some of us that have been in the industry for a long time, on which I qualify, we go through it in a real dynamic environment during election years. I have gone through this nine times now. So it makes this year even more dynamic with all the spin going on and so we only have the Haas [ph] and the SAS mark, we don't have the HACK and the SACK. The senate supports the program of record and some senators at least on the East Coast have stated they have not seen any facts and data. And you don't make decisions like this. So the bottom line, it's still early. We are under contract to develop this technology for the first two ships. There is a lot of work yet for us to do not only this year, but well in the... and next year for that matter. So that's kind of how we look at it. We know we've got our supply facts and data to this thing and in every category of technology or manpower or operating cost. The way the ship is put together electronically is a very efficient ship. So, sorry for the long answer, but those are the facts and we'll continue to work with the navy as they go through this. But right now, it's just what you read in the paper and it's all over the lot, so what I given you is how we see it.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Bill or Dave, on that note, there is in the paper, there is talking about the large size of the program. Could you give us some clearer sense of what's actually flowing through your P&L here in 2008?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. The program's in the 3 to 4% range for us. The nice part, we've said, we are a company of 8,000 programs, 14,000 contracts. We really don't rotate around any one program, and that's really the beauty of our portfolio. But that doesn't stop us from not talking about the merits of what we are doing and how we look at this program, because Zumwalt is important. To me, it's important to me as a tax payer. I mean it's important to be to make sure that our warfighters have the best technology and the most capability when they go to war, and that's what we are committed to doing.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just as a last question on this, how far out is the current contract extend?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, that takes us well out into the '010 part, probably some stuff out 11 and 12. I mean, it keeps going... it's a long... I mean, when you look at this thing, it's not an instantaneous thing, this has got long legs and when you look at it, it does go into other parts of the Navy, as they use this. I mean, this is, you know, people try and portray it as you throw it away, nothing's been thrown away here.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: All right. Thank you very much for the help.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Troy Lahr with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. You guys have really strong workings in the quarter. Can you may be just update us on your thoughts for 2008. Are you still thinking around 22 billion, and could you address the international mix, and they are also still about 25%?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. From our standpoint, you are right about the bookings. From our standpoint, we're figuring we are going to be in the range of about 23 plus or minus about 500 million. We are taking it up 0.5 billion. It looks good from our point of view that international is still strong for us. I think early in the year, we commented on the fact that we thought international would be about 25% of our bookings and sales would be about 20. We are still on that track. Year-to-date, we are about 3 billion in international bookings and sales are still growing at double-digit and we are running about 2.2 billion year-to-date in sales.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks. And then just a quick question, following up on the RACK [ph] sale, I thought you guys were going to focus more on internal development efforts, kind of focusing on broadening your product and going into some adjacent market. But we really haven't seen an increase in R&D that much as a percentage of sales was down I think, order year-over-year in the second quarter was up to maybe 3%. Is this just not flowing through into the R&D lines, so we would see it there or the efforts have just been real slower in pick up?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's a great question and the engineer will tell me don't get trapped in percentages you got to look at absolute volume. So when you take a percentage of a median number and the same percentage of a large number, the volume of that number grows, and I am not picking on you here. I know you know that. But the point is that we are spending more on R&D, we are taking on different projects, larger projects with gestation periods that are longer. I mean e-Borders was a good example of something that we took on for about three years, went from four down to two and then ended up winning that. That was a big investment on our part in the $20-$30 million range. And those are the kind of programs we can do. When you look at it, the other thing we do is we have CRAD programs where we are funded, will probably run about $1 billion this year in CRAD, so that's where we are using both our planning and the customer funding to do things in technology. And I can tell you, the whole information and ops information assurance we've made acquisitions in those areas, we will continue to do so and plus we have internal development going on there. So from that stand point, the percentages are kind of misleading. For us, we look at volume, numbers of projects, not only our funding but customer funding and we just talking about the Zumwalt. I mean that's a huge program, billions of dollars and there is ten technologies that have Navy funding plus our own. So that's kind of how we measure it, when we look at it. Does that help?
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, no, that's great. Thanks guys.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, okay. We are investing on ourselves, so that's the bottom line.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question will come from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen & Company: Yes. You mentioned that you made some investments in the cyber area and IIS. Can you comment how large were they? How big will they be in the second half and what kind of fruits do you expect them to bear?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we usually don't give that out Cai, so that will be a bleak in [ph] kind of a void that one. But from our standpoint, we see that as not only being a growth market. I mean one of the things that this problem is universal. I mentioned I was over at the air show. Clearly for me, talking about this with customers around the world, this has taken on a whole new level. If you look at it in the President's budget and I think that was about 18 billion wedged in there for this area. That 18 billion wasn't there a year ago. So, I think this is really telling you the kind of attention that people are looking at and you can read about loss, the data loss, the information in the paper everyday. You can read that it's cost some companies well over 200 million when you have a breach. The way I look at it, that's on commercial terms. In our business, we can't have a breach. People's lives depend on what we do. And so we view this whole information assurance and cyber as something that's a core element of what we are doing, so it's ingrained in our programs. And as you all know, we have acquired Oakley and SI Gov, which are both world-class in what they do, married with our own capabilities and we are going to make sure that we can cover the whole spectrum here when... as we go forward. And as I have said before, we want to be a go to company in this marketplace and we see it growing.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen & Company: You've mentioned that, and where would you put this in terms of your growth areas? Is this your number one potential growth area for... excluding international potentials?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It will be below international. International kind of covers everything we've got. But I would put it in the top five and I would put it in the double-digit category.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen & Company: And second... last question, I'll let someone else go. Dave, you brought another 340 million in stock, that's why it was some king of a... that's the number. With your stock price down and your better than expected cash flow for the year and great performance in the second quarter, what are we going to do with this extra cash? More priority on stock or what happens here?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we've talked in the past about our cash deployment plan, and that hasn't changed. We still, you know, we anticipate about 50% of our free cash flow being returned to investors over the long-term. But let me address the share repurchase program in particular, which we view as long-term in nature and will by definition, average in over cycles. And it's probably worth noting, so looking in the rear view mirror; we saw value in buying our shares in the low to mid $60 range. But again, we do view these actions as long term in nature. As far as changing priorities from a cash deployment perspective, we have no changes to talk about at this time.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen & Company: Well should we assume given you talk about long-term and you brought in the low 60s, one would think given those metrics you would be more interested below the 50s?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, you can obviously reach that conclusion.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks so much.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would add one other thing. For us, as a company we always visit our capital appointment, capital strategy because it is a Board decision and this gets viewed in the October timeframe. So just remind everybody kind of our annualized timing here as we go through. Thanks.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen & Company: Thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you sir. And your next question will come from the line of Doug Harned with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: On Missile Systems, so you've had a change of leadership there. You've been doing a great job at building backlog, margins have been strong. I mean, there have been some challenges, it appears on the EKV. If you look at Missile Systems now, where you want to take it? Are there things that you are thinking about differently as you look ahead for the next few years?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, no, it's a great question. Being in this business for a while, you look at what your core capabilities are. I look at our missile business; they are probably the best in the world in control loops. When you think of sensing, to reacting to effecting something and doing it in nano or milliseconds and doing it with accuracy of hitting things that might be a 150 miles up traveling at 22,000 miles an hour. There aren't many, if any, that can do that in the world. And so how do you take that technology and capability and go use it, so that has applicability in other areas. The other thing is that we have such a broad base. Take the program that many might have thought would have been dead five years ago, the Phalanx program. If you look at it, it's one of our larger programs now, because we've adapted it to shoot in, incoming rounds, it's in the green zone. It's protecting lives everyday. We get reports of who we saved and what goes on. And the teams adapted that, they'll now be testing later on this fall, taking a commercial laser and being able to put the energy on the target, and take out some very small rounds with a commercial laser, after many people spent a lot of a billion of dollars trying to do it with different other kinds of lasers. And our teams found a very clever way to focus the energy on a small target traveling very fast using the traveling Phalanx system. And so, those are things that I think the team that can do there. Louise did a heck of a job for us, but she wants to enjoy life now and we applaud her for that. And Taylor is a capable leader, very capable and we look him to build on what she's done. So we see a very bright future for our missile business. They are very good at what they do. They are world leaders and world-class.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: But if I think back say, two or three years ago, I know, you and I had a discussion talking about where missile... where demand for missiles was heading. And I think, at that time, there were some concern. Would this be a growth market using traditional systems?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: As you look forward now, do you think you are going to be able to continue to build backlog over the next few years. And if so, from what sources?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the source is there. If you think about our programs, we are also in small UAVs, killer bees [ph], small programs. Those were our market that did not exist when you and I were talking back then. So it's really close to their sweet spot back on top of it. You think about their core capabilities, they have the ability to take and do high package density kinds of things. Another program, Excalibur, a small precision-guided ammunitions, didn't it really exist the way they do. In fact, that program just got awarded one of the top 10 inventions in the Army in its recognition of how fast it was conceived and fielded and actually funded in the supplemental and it's in theater. And as I call it, it's one phone call away from reaching out and touching something. And it's got the accuracy. And so those markets come about and what you want to really have is an environment where you've got that kind of creativity, that kind of innovation and I think that's really a hallmark of Raytheon. I always talk about it, is a technology company that exudes innovation. We have 42000 engineers and they are very creative.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: So, you are saying that you see these new markets as sufficiently... a sufficient growth to make up for any decline you see in traditionally manner?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I do, and I see the international there as we look at it and clearly there are others that want what they can do. Another new market is Active Denial technology. We see that within the supplement, going to get funded. We see applications for that not only what it was first thought of, but as we get over the use, I mean, the way I described active denial is almost the way UAVs or unmanned vehicles came about. 10 years ago, you could count them on a couple of hands. You look at them today, there is more of them in theaters than anybody could ever think of. Active Denial was the same way, it's a great idea, you got to get through the barrier. But once you do, people are going to understand, it's better to be able to shout and stun rather than shout and shoot and kill somebody. So, literally, I see that taking off. So there is a bunch of things that we look at that I've mentioned the safety valves to help our backlog and keep that place running strong.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question will come from the line of Myles Walton with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: Thanks, good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: Bill, could you give us an update on some of your calendar obviously tentative, but expected timing for some of the larger international opportunities and maybe highlight Patriots and the Saudi Borders contract, where you are currently thinking those might fall in the next 12 months or so?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, only too good questions. We're going to take little while, let me try and run through them. I'll do Saudi border first. Clearly, to put some color on it, the Ministry of Interior in Saudi has selected an in-country company for part of the northern border contract. I think you can... you all remember that's the part of the fences, and the [indiscernible] wiring, the network there. They picked a in-house or an in-country construction company for that and that puts some swirl on it because people confuse the contracts in-country. That wasn't something that we were really going after, we were more concerned about or going after the integration of all the command-and-control, which has not been awarded in the northern border part. The Saudis have recently asked for updates to the proposal with different options on the Border Guard Development Program, we call that BGDP. We sometimes call it Purple internally, so you can link those two together. That... their selection of that will be responsible to integrate the border programs, both in the northern portion and in the Border Guard Development program or Purple. We are in the process of revising our offer, which is due in August. And we'll submit it, and the Saudis will go through a comprehensive evaluation period in the update. And the award now appears to be late in the year. That's the current update and the information that we have, at least to tell you on that. On the Patriot, we remain optimistic on our bookings, starting with the domestic, we expect about another $80 million from the Army for the fore lot [ph] in the fourth quarter this year. We've got an upgrades from Korea, so that continues to give us awards. Taiwan has started, we expect another balance in of about 100 million in the balance of the year. They are going through or waiting for congressional release for new units, which we expect in the latter part of this year, first quarter next year. Kuwait, Kuwait has started their upgrades. We expect another 50, 60 million in the Q4 this year, and they've got new units in the plan, which will probably be a late '09, '010 kind of thing. Israel will be upgrading, we expect them fourth quarter this year. That might be in the 50, $60 million. UAE would be large, but it would be late '08 or early '09. Saudi, we are planning on latter part of this year, first quarter of next year. That will be an upgrade for all of their systems to PAC-3. And then sometime in the future probably '010, we expect Turkey. So that's a run down of all the international countries and kind of rough order of magnitude, to stay out of trouble here in and to give you an idea about Saudi. I hope I got it all.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: Yeah, that perfect. And I guess, so Turkey may surpass 10 I guess cutters out in that period of time as well?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, what you do is, that's why we treat them as binary and you all understand how we look at it and the real big ones would be additive to the plan. And as you can see, they move around quarter-to-quarter, and sometimes they start out a little slower than we update as we go through it. But we still feel really optimistic about Patriot and how it's viewed in the world. That's still the best, there is nothing even close.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: And I guess that's the biggest one of those UAE still looks like it's roughly on schedule?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. They are working their way through it. In international, they always take time and because these are big acquisitions and like the U.S. any country is prudent as they go through it. But we work with them, and help them go through that.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: Sounds great. One other question on TS, if I could, starting to show some real signs of life in that business. Sales growth, margin improvement looks like it may be upward pressure on margins for the first time in a while. What are the kind of long-term margin potential of that business? I mean is it a high single-digit type business? Can you get it to 10% over time or mission and training just lend itself to kind of an 8... 7, 8% type market?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Where you are at is right, it's not a double-digit kind of business. And what makes that a really good business is it doesn't require a lot of capital. So it has a good ROIC. And since it's not my worry about, I like the kind of business they bring in. It's good business and it has good reach back capability into the rest of the company plus the company depends on them. They are world-class in training. And if you look at all new systems that counties need domestically and international, they are all looking at how to do training better. Literally, it's no different in the commercial world. If you are training Mr. and Mrs. Goodringe [ph], when you are training them, they are not on the maintenance floor generating sales. They are in a classroom. So what you worry about is the compression factor, how fast you can get all that information learned and then get them back generating revenue. It's no different in the military side, where you don't want your warfighters off the battlefield. You want them to be ready. So we worry about compression, and we can take some of our real commercial practices that we have, and apply them to military programs. And they've been very successful at it, and it shows, I'm glad for the comment on TS. They are starting to move the needle here.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: Great. Thanks a lot.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question will come from the lime Robert Stallard with Macquarie Research. Please Proceed.
Rob Stallard - Macquarie Research: Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Rob Stallard - Macquarie Research: Just a couple of questions. First of all, in your commentary you mentioned a number of items that would seem to link into the supplemental. Based on your current estimates, what you reckon as a percentage of 2008 sales that will come from the supplemental would be?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are probably a little north of 1billion, 1.2, probably coming out of that. And some of that is not classic supplemental stuff, I guess the best way to do it. But it has a percentage for us, but it's not something that really drives the train here as we look at it.
Rob Stallard - Macquarie Research: Okay. And secondly, ATK, Lockheed and Northrop announced a teamy agreement a couple of weeks again, multi-role weapon, what do you think impact this will have on Raytheon's competitive situation?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Nothing. There is no program, there is no contract and I think even one of the team members said they don't have any money. So it was a press release. I don't wanted to diminish it, but the fact... those are the facts.
Rob Stallard - Macquarie Research: But is this an area that you are also looking at it potentially interesting for the long term?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we are in it already. Somebody is trying to come after us and I wish them luck.
Rob Stallard - Macquarie Research: Okay, thanks very much.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Jim Singer - Investor Relations: Angela, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. Your next question will come from the line of Joe Nadol with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed sir.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: Bill, just if you wouldn't mind engaging me in a hypothetical, just back on the DDG 1000.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I am glad it's not a November election. Go ahead.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: No, no, not at all.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: If we go back to the DDG 51 hull in that sort of the will of Congress and the government, what are the solutions that Raytheon could offer that could help maybe bump Lockheed off some of their systems and get some of your newer technology from DDG 1000 on to that ship?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first, I've got to correct one thing. I can't say it's the will of Congress. The senate...
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: But, if it is.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What? Oh, if it is, okay.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: Yes.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, I didn't hear that. I just wanted to classify that this isn't over, it's a football analogy. Somebody called an audible [ph]. And sometimes audibles [ph] work, sometimes they don't. And so, given that you put it in that category. I'd look at the 51 and say, one of the things that you need is an advanced radar, but probably more than advanced radar is how you'd network that ship into everything. DHS [ph] system is a federated system, it's not an open architecture. The Navy has been on a path for a long time, to be able to have open architecture, so that you can plug different systems in and not have the ship sitting in a dock trying to get the software working. And so that's really important as we go look at this as if we are on a path to have open architecture, then you got to you have the total ship computing effort that you need. For us, we call it TSCE, Total Ship Computing Effort and that's something that Zumwalt has, that no other ship in the world has is that you can plug and place software into that system, because it's open. I mentioned the radar, the SPY-3, X-band, it can do things that I wish I could tell you. But being a radar person, it will water your eyes in its capabilities. The sonar effort is also something the underwater warfare systems need to be updated. You always got to worry about the underwater threat and if you have these ships, you got to take care of them. And of course, how you handle the communications, radio room kind of activity, and then above all is... you know, I am factory person. When you pick systems that are manpower intensive, you know in the long run they are going to cost you money. And you got to think through that. We're trained over and over again, and how do we get costs out of what we do. And taking a 350-person ship down to 150, I mean, even the CNO in testimony has said they need low manning to drive off the operating cost. People cost money. The other thing is, that you are now going to have more manpower intensive ships, where you going to get the people to man them? So there real is a pressure always on recruiting. And so, as I think through it, there are number of areas that I think kind of go apply to like in, you've all heard me say on reset and other things, we don't need to go back to the future. We need to keep pushing things to give our men and women in uniform, as I say, an unfair advantage on the battlefield, we owe that to him.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: The radar system is a big percentage of your systems and there has been some sense that on a smaller hull like DDG 51 that your radar wouldn't fit. Are there things you could do in a relatively timely manner to get that radar on the ship, maybe in a smaller form?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the SPY-3 can go do that mission. And the trouble that's why I said, there is a lot of speculation out there and you just got to get the engineers and smart people in a room and there is a doable loop. Especially, if you want to have that ship be a BMD kind of ship, I mean, look at all the radars that are tracking these things, they are X-band radars.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then just one for Dave. On the cash flow guidance, which went up about 10%, I think you mentioned it was working capital on improvement. Just wondering if that's something that we've seen already in the first half of the year or for something you expect to see in the second half? And any kind of detail or color you can give on what part of the company you are seeing it come from?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure Joe. Yeah, we've had for about a year now a company-wide effort on reducing our working capital overall. And much of that has dropped to improve cash flow. I talked a while back about sort of a target laid about a year, year and a half ago, about a target of about 750 million in cash from these actions. So we've realized about $400 million of that. Turns have improved over that period from 10 to about 14. With all that said, we are continuing to see improvement in the back half of the year. So I would take it as a combination of both first half actions and further improvement in the second half.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Angela; that will wrap up our call. Thank you all and just to reiterate, we think we had a nice clean quarter and we have upped our guidance and we think that bodes well for the future. And thank you all for taking the time with us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this now concludes Raytheon's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Smith - Greg Smith VP, IR William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and CEO David C. Wajsgras - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC Steve Binder - Bear, Stearns & Co. Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen Securities Inc. David Strauss - UBS Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc. George Shapiro - Citigroup Investment Research Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co. Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch Gary Liebowitz - Wachovia Capital Markets
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 Earning Conference call. My name Lauren and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference, [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over your host for today Mr. Greg Smith, Vice-President Investor Relations.
Greg Smith - Greg Smith Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you Lauren and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Our results released this morning the audio feed of this call and the charts reference are available on our website at www.raytheon.com. Following the live call an archive and both the audio replay and the principal version of the slides will be available on our Investor Relations website. With me today are Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Dave Wajsgras our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some brief remarks by Bill and Dave and then we've plenty of time for questions. We ask you to limit your questions to two per call as it will allow for broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to caution you regarding forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed today they are not historical facts, particularly comments regarding the company's further plans, objectives and expected performance consist of forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions that the company believes are reasonable but are subject to a range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings release and we discuss in detail in our SEC filings. With that I will turn the call over to Bill.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Greg, good morning everyone. I am pleased to report another good quarter for Raytheon. Sales were up 11% compared with Q1 last year, EPS was up 31% and I'm especially pleased to report that we achieved a record end of quarter backlog at $37.7 billion. We also had strong bookings in the quarter of $6.5 billion. Over 25% of our Q1 bookings came from international customers, including some notable initial awards for South Korea and Taiwan for the design, development and support of the Patriot system. We also had additional work added to the UK e-Borders contract, bringing total bookings for this program to $1.6 billion from inception-to-date. These increased bookings shows that our focus on our international business is paying off. Also, after the close of the quarter the company announced the acquisition of SI government solutions, a leading provider of proprietary software security solutions focused on vulnerability assessment to our government customers. SI strengthens our end-to-end information assurance and information operations capability. In summary I believe we are off to a good start in 2008 and we've continued to focus on delivering value to our customers and our shareholders. I want to leave plenty of time for the questions so with that I'll turn it over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, thanks Bill. I have a few opening remarks starting with the first quarter highlight and then we'll move on to questions. During my remarks I'll be referring to the webslides we issued earlier this morning. Okay whatever would everyone please move to slide three. As bill noted we performed well in the first quarter, we had solid bookings and ended the quarter with a record backlog. Sales of $5.4 billion up 11% from Q1 of last year and EPS from continuing operations of $0.93 up 31%. The company repurchased 5.5 million shares of common stock for $340 million and announced a 10% dividend increase. We now move to slide four, let me start by providing some detail on our first quarter results. Our total company bookings for the quarter was $6.5 billion representing a 1.2 times book to bill ratio. Notable awards include $578 million of Missiles for the Standard Missile 3 for the U.S. Navy and the Missile Defense Agency and $293 million for the production of the Tactical Tomahawk Cruise Missiles. $331 million at IDS for the design, development and support of the patriot system for international customers, including a $246 million initial award for South Korea and an $85 million initial award for Taiwan. NCS booked $309 million to provide Horizontal Technology Integration forward-looking Infrared kit and $100 million for Long Range Advance Scout Surveillance Systems for the U.S. Army. NCS also booked $203 million for the production of improved Target Acquisition Systems for the U.S Army and the U.S Marine Corp. IIS booked $182 million for additional work on UK Borders contract. IIS also booked $556 million on a number of classified contract including $171 million on a major classified program. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was $37.7 billion compared to $33.9 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2007 an increase of $3.8 billion. You should also note that sequentially our backlog improved from year end by $1.1 billion. If you now move to slide 5. As I noted earlier first quarter EPS from continuing operations was $0.93 versus $0.71 in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by higher sales volume. Lower pension and net interest expense coupled with reduced share count, also contributed to the improvement. Now before moving to the next slide, I'd like to briefly address operating cash flow. Our efforts resulted in positive cash flow for the quarter. When compared to prior year, the improvement this quarter was largely attributable to the $400 million discretionary pension contribution we made for the first quarter of 2007. As we mentioned on our January call, the company also contributed an additional $500 million of discretionary cash for our pension plan in the fourth quarter 2007. Our strong balance sheet and cash position has allowed us the flexibility to implement a balanced capital deployment plan. If you now move to slide 6, you can see that overall sales increased by 11% in the first quarter of 2008. I do want to point out that the first quarter fiscal reporting period for 2008 included four additional work days when compared to the first quarter of 2007. IDS net sales were up 9% compared to the same period last year this was primarily due to growth on Missile Defense Agency in U.S Army programs. Intelligence and information systems have first quarter 2008 net sales of $692 million, up 18% primarily due to the e-Borders contract. Missile systems net sales of $1.3 billion are up 15% from the first quarter 2007, driven by higher volume on international and development programs. Network Centric Systems had first quarter 2008 net sales of $1.1 billion of 15% when compared to the first quarter 2007, the most significant driver here center on support for the U.S Army's Surveillance and Acquisition programs as well the family of Battlefield radars. Space and Airborne systems had first quarter 2008 net sales of $995 million up 3% versus the first quarter 2007 primarily due growth on Airborne Sensor programs. Technical services had first quarter 2008 net sales of $521 million, up 13% the result of higher volume on training, mission support and depot support services programs. Turning now to page 7. Our overall operating margin for the quarter was 11.4% which was an increase of 60 basis points from the first quarter of 2007, primarily the result of lower pension expense which was in part attributable to the discretionary pension contributions we made last year. Let me now provide a few highlights by business. As we discussed on our January call, IDF has expected experience to lower comparable margins primarily as a result of program profit adjustments recorded in the first quarter of 2007. I also want to point out that margins in the first quarter 2008 were favorably impacted from the sale of licensed software. IIS margins for the quarter reflect the impact of acquisition costs and other investments in cyber operations and information security capabilities. As for NCS, this business continues to post strong results. Last year's first quarter margins benefited from performance improvements recognized on some US Army programs. FAS first quarter margins were impacted by program mix in both the classified and international areas. Cost reduction actions are expected to improve the margin profile in the back half of this year. Missiles experience solid margins in the quarter essentially in line with Q1 2007 and technical services posted higher margins for the quarter primarily due to profit adjustments taken on certain programs in Q1 2007. You will note in the corporate and eliminations category and that change of $22 million the reduction in expense is primarily due to timing of various corporate expense items. We expect these costs and eliminations to be more in line with historical levels for the balance of the year and remain comfortable with our full year guidance of between $250 and $260 million as shown on slide 8. Overall, margins on a full year basis remained solid for the company and our outlook remains unchanged for the total company and by individual business. Turning now to slide 9. We still expect sales to be in the range of between $22.4 to $22.9 billion up 5% to 8% and EPS to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.80 per share representing growth of between 10% and 15%. Before we open the discussion for Q&A I should note that in the appendix we've provided some general direction on how we currently see the three quarters ....the next three quarters for sales, EPS and operating cash flow from continuing operations. And we also added a slide on work days for the 2008 fiscal reporting calendar compared with 2007. We hope you'll find this additional information helpful in modeling the quarterly financials for the company. Now let me summarize first quarter performance. We ended the quarter with a highest backlog in the company's history with over 25% of the bookings coming from international customers. Overall bookings outpaced our 11% sales growth, a 1.2 book to bill ratio and international sales for Q1 grew by 14% over Q1 2007. We repurchased 5.5 million shares and increased our dividend by 10% and we have a strong balance sheet. We're off to a good start this year and look forward to solid financial results for the balance of 2008. With that let me open it up for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Troy Lahr with Stifel Nicolaus.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc: Thanks, just wondering if you could talk a little bit about e-Borders at IIS. Was all of that growth from e-Borders and maybe how is the other businesses growing? I think you had some bookings in the quarter, should the non e-Borders business start picking up in the back half of the year, is that or how we should think about it?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: If you look at e-Borders, about half of IIS's growth is coming out of there. I think we mentioned in the last call, going from memory here, so bear with me, we had about $80 million in sales in '07 on e-Borders, this year we expect around $250 million $260 million from going from memory here and so we're starting off just like we thought we would per plan, it's a good business and a good program for IIS as we go forward and its adding to their growth.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc: And the, so the other the non e-Borders businesses are still growing pretty nicely though?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, exactly. When you look at it and when you think about it the Borders is exactly the kind of work and capabilities that we're looking to promote internationally around the world.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc: And the margins down year-over-year is that all e-Borders and should we see margins kind of pick back up throughout the rest of the year because you are guiding a little higher and as than where you were in the first quarter?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I think Dave touch based on the acquisition cost have an affect on their margins so he might want to add a little more color on that.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah basically we talked about, Bill mentioned a couple of acquisitions we talked about Oakley impact and impacting the margins, its more pronounced in than the first half of the year than the second. We expect the sort of the overall investments in this area to mitigate in the back half of the margins to improve. Most of the margin decrease I would say somewhere in the neighborhood of it's between 1% and 1.5% of the decrease is attributable to integrate in Oakley into the company.
Troy Lahr - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc: Okay. Thanks guys.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Good morning everyone.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Just a little bit about the space margin you talked about a change in program mix perhaps if you could give us a little bit more color on that?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I think as we've been saying on the call for sometime on space its really the timing on the programs there that we still believe that from a space point of view given the demand but given the shortfall in funding things there probably won't get back to normal until the 09/10 timeframe. So there's been no change its just as we expected it would do is that all adjust out but SAS has things in lined to be able to deliver as Dave said what our forecast is for the year there.
Unidentified Company Representative: But no change?
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: While we are on the topic of timing, just give your thoughts on the supplemental and the timing on that and to what extent it might affect your forecast?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have tried to put what we think is going to happen in the supplemental, I would tell you currently that the balance of about $100 billion is out there right now. The administration has stated what their needs are. They literally need the funding by the end of Memorial Day and given my visits last week on the hill, people are on track to trying to make that happen, but part of our guidance that we look at is it's not done yet. So until it's done it's really hard to put a stake in the ground, but we don't see any change taken place I guess is the way I would say that the programs are solid, they know what they need and they need to be able to get the funds to keep the troops going.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Thank you.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Binder with Bear Stearns.
Steve Binder - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Hi, good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Steve.
Steve Binder - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Bill, maybe you just want to touch on for the full year, I mean when you look at the margins projections with the line of business, currently we are only one quarter through, but where do you feel like there is upside potential to the plan and where is the risk for plan by line of business?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think Steve, you said it best. It's the first quarter. The funding hasn't been said in the subs. I think from our standpoint we are not highly dependent on it, but there is some activity in there that we want to make sure is taking care of and also as we look at the process for fiscal 09 in the funding, the good news is as we look at as I have mentioned in our press release a good start for us we feel like we're taking risk out of our plan so we feel pretty good about our guidance specially as we look at it at the higher end there.
Steve Binder - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Alright and Dave can you maybe just give us an update on your working capital initiatives and kind of touch down $750 million of opportunity I think and we're at the stage where do you see the greatest opportunity in the working capital components and when do you expect to achieve that by?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: YeahSteve I was hoping you're going to ask that question. There is a couple of them, I just want to first give you a couple historical data points, we are looking at operational working capital turns and on a trailing 12 months basis we were above 13 turns at the end of the first quarter versus 11 last year and about 9.5-12 months earlier than that, so we have made some significant improvement just over the past couple of years to the tune of about $500 million to $600 million. Now looking forward we continue to have a lot of focus on our cycle time reduction and both billings and collections and we are continuing throughout the company on systems improvements, we ...I have mentioned before we've launched an initiative that is now, we're well in to an initiative company wide that involves operation, supply chain and contracts. Again focusing on overall reductions, we have gone out and benchmarked a number of other companies. So there is a lot of activity around this, we're very focused on it and I would summarize and say to date we are about maybe 25% of the way into the longer term target of $750 million.
Steve Binder - Bear, Stearns & Co.: All right thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen Securities Inc.: Yes, thanks a lot. You know you showed us that you had 4 more working days this year, but sometimes when you ship products a couple of working days doesn't matter. Could you give us an estimate of how much the extra working days added, was it really the full 7% or any sense of that?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Cai that's an excellent question. And I just want to add little clarity. We do follow by in large contract accounting and what we try to do is align our fiscal calendar... our fiscal financial calendar to our business processes. Now with that being said, this is not a linear equation like it would be in a commercial enterprise where you are recognizing revenue as product is shipped out the door. There is a lot of things that just don't lend itself to, like I said, linear timing. Its very difficult to estimate what I would point you to is that we did post 11% strong sales on the top line but I think more importantly our book-to-bill at the end of the first quarter was 1.2 and again, if we could precisely quantify it, we would but it would be... its extremely difficult.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen Securities Inc.: I can appreciate that. If we look at kind of your share buyback, it was flat year-over-year, how do you think about share buyback now that your going into a stronger cash flow period and short rates have come down and therefore what you earn on that cash is less attractive. And your WAC presumably also has come down?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right that's a good question as well. We've mentioned in the past that we view our capital deployment plan from a perspective of being balanced. Share count on a net basis was reduced by about 1.1% in the first quarter and I think I mentioned earlier about $340 million. We continue to look ahead in a similar fashion relative to sort of the fact and circumstances at any point in time. We have spoke to our philosophy of offsetting dilutive impact of options in restricted shares and we'll continue to do that. But to say much more than that would be I think a little overly speculative.
Cai von Rumohr - SG Cowen Securities Inc.: Okay thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David Strauss - UBS: Thanks. Good morning.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning David.
David Strauss - UBS: Just back on the sales question that Cai was talking about I mean was there any pull forward in terms of sales if you look at... you obviously knew coming in the quarter you are going to have a couple more working days, but you look at your breakdown that you provided in the appendix from the fourth quarter your sales is a percent of the total for the year looks like it did come in 1 or 2 points higher than you had expected?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes what I would tell you is that there is no pull forward, we ran the quarter just like a normal quarter for us. When we looked at the results it felt good and when we wrap things up having the backlog go up kind of told us we didn't burn it off. We were doing everything we should. So I can tell you from those of us that we are sitting here getting up everyday and making the doughnuts. It just felt normal and felt okay to us.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay so then as far as the guidance really the only thing that happened in the quarter that was a little bit unusual is... or different than what you expected is that the corporate elimination's lines was a little late and you are now expecting to see that in the back part of the year?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's right. I think the way to think about is its basically timing and let me be little more direct I would not assume that the first quarter is a run rate for the year.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay and then last one Dave on the tax rate it looked a little bit late obviously we haven't gotten the essential the R&D tax rate. Can you just update us what you are thinking there?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The tax rate came in not far off of our expectations, there were a couple of small positive events that impacted Q1 that we had essentially expected to impact the tax rate later in the year. So on a full year basis we don't see any change.
David Strauss - UBS: All right thanks.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Sanford Bernstein.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Doug.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: You are still delivering very strong margins and you have for some time. When you look out further the next two or three years then you think about potential for margin expansion. Are the prospects for that linked to things like foreign sales, supplemental spending and how do you think about what the levers are to get even higher margins?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: There is a number of levers we have here, the first starts with kind of the D&A structure of our Six Sigma efforts in the company. We use it not only on operational things on the hardware side, but we use it on the business side through all of our operations including our functions. Part of that is lean, we are always looking for what we can take out of our processes and most importantly how you make them faster. Time is worth money to us, so if you can shorten a 24 months program down to 20 months, 4 months worth of effort is worth some pretty good margins. And so, that part of it is going on. Mix as you point out is always an important element for us, and in the mix international goes in there, but that really gets depended on the country if they want a foreign military sale or they want to direct commercial sale, and we leave it up to the country. It's their choice, but that will have an effect on margins as we go forward. Also the timing of where we're out on development programs, we've got a good mix of programs that are starting out when they transition into LRIP, and then in the production, you expect the margins to change in that regard. So, it's really dynamic and one of the things we do in all of our gate reviews as we bid programs, and we model them to know how they are going to turn out, so we've got a feel of what that mix looks like over the next few years. But I think... you said it absolutely best. This company has an insatiable desire to keep working on our margins and we are never ever satisfied as probably the way I describe it.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: So you feel like you've got potential to push them even higher over the next couple of years?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: It depends on everything, I'd say, if all of a sudden we get three or four big development programs and that puts pressure on it, and our intent is to still do what we've been doing or be transparent. You could see part of that in DD(X) when it started out with lower margins, but now as we get into the program and perform and wean off the risk then you can start to recognize better performance. So I'm not avoiding your question, there is just about four or five dynamics in there that really depend on the point in time, but I can tell you if you looked at the distribution of our performance across our 8,000 programs or 14,000 contracts, you would see that bell shaped curve getting narrower meaning we are getting more predictive of what we are able to do and that's one of the things in this company that we work hard on is what's left of average and how do we tighten that up to make our performance better and we see that quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: And then just quickly on DD(X), there has been some debate about potentially going straight to CGX and I know from a systems standpoint you'll play it strong well on either case?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: How do you see if such a transition happen, how do you see that impacting you financially?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I see it being good for the home team, for us if you look at DDX its a program that's got 10 different technologies on it. It works on reducing manning on a ship, one other things we all face whether you are in business or you are running a service or you are running DOD heads cost you money and so what you are trying do is how do you reduce manpower and those technologies that are on a DDX pull forward sit and backward fit compatible. So for us and plus it's the most purely open architecture system in the world. And so we see that being able promulgate itself in the other system so we feel good about it and programs got good support.
Doug Harned - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Actually its Jeff Seidman [ph] for Joe this morning. Quick one, I was wondering if you could quantify the impact in IBS from the sale of license software to get sort of more of a pre-margin and also tell us in NCS, what's going to change later in the year that's going to allow the margins to move up the guidance.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes with respect to IBS, we guided for the year just to refresh everyone's memory of 16.7% to 17.1% and continue to be comfortable with that range. The current quarter we posted about 17.7% in the neighborhood of 70 to 100 basis points was the impact relative to the sale this quarter of the license software. With respect to NCS, we talked a little bit about it earlier, we are seeing performance improvements from various productivity initiatives in the back half of the year, in addition to sales mix and growth. More specifically, there's cost reduction and supply chain efficiencies that we see improving margins in both Q3 and Q4.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks and just as a follow up, I think we talk a lot with good reason about the international growth potential at Raytheon and I wonder if you could address the US market and where you see there's strong 7% growth for you guys in the US last year and as you look at it over the next 2-3 years, where you see that accelerating... decelerating and what sort of segments and programs are going to be the key drivers?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: As there's a lot in that question, let me see if you can do it above 40,000 feet. One we haven't seen a change when you look at the '08 budget or the '09 budget the base bill went from above $479.5 billion to $515.4 billion. The supplemental been around at around at $190 billion. So '08-'09 we see it about the same when you look at it I think you know as others know whatever you get funded now it has a 2 to 3 year tale on it so we look at that remaining consistent going out. I think where we see the spending going is still in Raytheon's core whether it be in sensing or whether it be in effects or C3I or mission support those are all strong areas that we see the forecast remaining healthy the one where you all are starting to see some spending as on the information opts information assurance side of the business we have been talking about that now I think ahead of the power curve and we are positioning on ourselves there so I think for us as we look at things we don't see a change of course there will be a new administration come in. But as we pointed out it takes about a year before you see the focus in that but we clearly see the kinds of things that we are doing whether they be on the global war on terror or on homeland security sitting nicely in Raytheon's wheel house.
Unidentified Analyst: Great thank you very much.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies and Company.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Thank you very much, first to go back to the balance sheet Dave I think you probably look at your liabilities integrated whole rather than just what we see. This potential plan is still little under funded $1.5 billion or thereabout. How do you think in terms your debt-to-capital ratio and also sort of something your other liability requirements?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes that's a very fair question Howard. Just again what we spoke about in the past is our capital deployment plan being balanced and certainly we do look at the fine benefit plan as a place where we would allocate funds overtime. At year end from an ABO standpoint we were actually over-funded we were at a 101%. From a PBO standpoint we were about at 90% at the end of last year we did contribute an additional $500 million in discretionary funding bringing the total discretionary funding to $900 million. Returns in the fund have historically outperformed all major indices and as we go forward we'll continue to look at closely the under funding position, but again it will depend on... but we will close it we do have a target which is not something we talked about publicly. But we do have a target of 100% PBO funded and that will continue to consider discretionary funding overtime.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: All right, but the other side of it is your debt-to-equity ratio I mean...
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry. Debt-to-equity, on a gross basis we are about 15%. We expect to be in that range overtime. It is a sort of our target sort of mid-teens position.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then Bill, also a longer term question I mean how I think an element of flexibility and how do you think about return on invested capital versus margins. It would look to me that your initiatives in IIS would indicate you are willing to give up a little bit of margin in short-term to gain some strong footing in the long-term --
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Howard, you are right. I mean one of the things you don't want to do is when you go buy something, sometimes people try and make it accretive in the first year. We look one to be accretive in the second year and what you want to do is make those kinds of investments to where you see the market going. We all know that great Gretzky quote that says, you got to skate to where the puck is going to be, and clearly that's what we are trying to do and the investments can take place in niche acquisitions and you can see that they don't have to be large in order to give you capabilities. The other thing is we feel good about being able to invest in ourselves, e-Borders is a perfect example of where we invested to win a program and now we've got something worth $1.4 billion will be cornerstone program for us as we go forward. So, you are absolutely right and what we are looking for as what's in the best interest of our shareholders, both short and long-term.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I'm disappointed, there is not a Red Sox quote this time.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: We are just warming up. Its early --
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are waiting for Q2 and Q3.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: And the other thing back to Steve's question, there is some binary things that could happen for us this year and that's why we are kind of looking at things and waiting here.
Howard Rubel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Citigroup.
George Shapiro - Citigroup Investment Research: Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning George.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi George.
George Shapiro - Citigroup Investment Research: First question, if you take your guidance given from the fourth quarter, the first quarter earnings would have been $0.76 from your projection, you did $0.92. Even if I figure the tax rate was a little bit low and corporate eliminations a little bit low, you still did a lot better than what you projected to do. So the question is why did you do that much better and as the result why wait till the second quarter to raise the guidance?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I'll give you the first answer and I'll turn it over to Dave. My first answer would be brilliant leadership and with that I'll turn over to Dave.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So I'm going to add to that, George you really amaze me how quickly you run through this math. And you are absolutely right. In the first quarter the overall operational improvements are both from in our original expectations or expectations back in January. We had a higher growth and that accounted for about a third of the overall increase and margins came in stranger than we had expected as well in Q1 which amounted to about a third of the overall increase. We were helped a little bit on tax line and a little bit on the interest line and on the corporate line as well.
George Shapiro - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay and then one for you Bill any timing difference on the Saudi contract and if you could just go through a couple of the other bigger international contracts you might be expecting for some time?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I'm glad you said some time. That's one of the things when you look at it as both Dave and I said. Our bookings came in at 25%. We probably should have mentioned our sales were about $1 billion almost 20%, 19.5% in the quarter so we see that happening of course all of us that have been around the long time know that the international business happens on a different calendar time clock than domestic one so when we look at it no changes, the northern borders or the border guard program, two of them in Saudi are still in the middle of evaluations. So we're waiting to hear on what takes place there. Relative to Patriot I think you all saw that Korea has started, we received $245 million in the first quarter. We expect some more words on that program later on in the year. Taiwan has also started with about $85 million, we expect more awards there in Q2 and Q4 and when you look at Taiwan, they are going to be buying some more units. We expect that could be late '08-'09 timeframe and then we can go through Kuwait, Israel, UAE, Saudi, Turkey and so forth. So Patriot's got a bright future there that we see them spaced out on a quarterly basis and that really determines where we go with the company given that those awards are always big awards. A: George Shapiro: Okay thanks.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Heidi.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: A question for you, we have seen you more active on the M&A front and obviously its been as a small tactical acquisition. Can you talk a little bit about what's changing for you and what you are seeing happening in the environment, what kind of deal activity should we be expecting for overall '08?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I think the way to look at it, we have a nice ability in this company now to look out at where we see the market, what capabilities we think the market is really looking for. And then we spend a lot of time determining our capabilities, and then what we think the incapability is needed. And I think you are seeing a look-see of that on the IOIA side where we want to make sure that we understand the insider threat. We want to understand the vulnerability threat and you don't have to make huge acquisitions to be able to do that and you can pay a fair price in that market. It's when you go after the silver bullet that you are going to pay a lot of money for something and so we're systematically determining what we have to do in these markets. And I am glad you are noticing it. You know we can observe them at the right kind of pace and we want to make sure that we don't lose any of the entrepreneurial spirit of these companies when they become part of it and in the last two on Oakley and SI and some of the others have we see how they fit in and they give us real good capability. Our customers are excited about it because now when we show up its one stop shopping.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: But are you seeing just starting to open for you I mean could we see this again can you give us a sense as to what we might see for overall 2008 so in terms of
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we can do that I would just tell you we are opportunistic and it will match with our strategies. When you think of in the core area say RF or radars or whatever, we think we are in pretty good shape there. We'll show up in the game field with anybody, anytime, any place and some of these other emerging markets we want to make sure that we can show up and even have a better advantage in that thing. So I don't know how to predict that other than what you've seen from us is probably feels about right.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: All right and I want to put a finer point on the DDG 1000 comment. Just as I understand your perspective a little bit better Bill. There is a scenario where the DDG 1000 migrated to CGX but it looks like on the house side there is some challenges and less favorable Raytheon scenarios being looked at including kind of rigid. I think representative Taylor was talking about funding DDG 51s and then a bridge to next gen CGX within a large DDG 51 hull which I think that's a Lockheed combat system. And then I think Murtha is talking about LPD 17s and extra TAKEs and while that does have Raytheon content that's not like what you have on DDG 1000. So can you take us through the range of implications if things do not migrate DDG to CGX the way you describe that they kind of go in the scenarios that I just saw flushed out?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I guess I do it when I tell you that as you look at those scenarios you still need a volume search radar, yes, the SPY-3 radar on DD(X) is bias I will admit that when I say it world's best finest radar in its class. So if you are going to put that on a carrier or any other deck you are going to want to do that. So that would migrate. I think any body that does any future ship needs open architecture, needs a total ship computing environment. So I see that migrating. Ships need launch capability of missiles. So peripheral launchers new launchers are important, underwater warfare systems are important. And so when you look at DD(X), the ten technology programs they're doing are world class and so where we go with that I think you could go use it, and that's why we feel strong about the program. I'm not going to pick on each of the scenarios but its pretty hard to make the Arleigh Burke's in nuclear ship, I mean that's like starting all over again and I think people are realizing that when you look at DDG, when it goes into production, it will be at a TRL level which is a design level that how we measure it in the industry at a TRL level that no other ship has ever been at, so that mean that the risk of building that ship will be less than any other ship that's ever been built. And I think that's dawning on people now and why you see individuals like Murtha [ph] and others now supporting DDG as we go forward.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: So it looks like you, it would be either way that your saying it, you are not anticipating a major divot on going forward in the range of the possibilities than?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah in terms of Golf we don't see hitting it on the hosel [ph] here.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Okay, awesome. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Oppenheimer.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks, good morning. I'm going to ask you for the translation of hosel [ph] layer Bill.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well it's a shank word that no golfer ever wants to use.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: You honestly had a good booking score here in the first quarter but has your outlook for the full year you changed as a result of I think previously or kind of targeting in $22 billion number plus or minus a little bit?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for asking that one. As we discussed last time that this year had binary stuff source hard for us on the bookings, we gave you $22 billion plus or minus $500 million, I would tell you worth at the higher in to the range right now the way it looks so hiring that and that range right now looks so, we're feeling pretty good about bookings this year.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And one quick follow-up if I could. I know you are on bounds and a couple of targeting and mission control segments is that a larger opportunity for you overtime?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's really from our standpoint ground station work and center work, we are part of the MP-RTIP team and so forth as we go do that, so for us I think it plays into what we've said is that we love platforms, but we're platform agnostic and so for us it's a great opportunity, Northrop's a great partner and we are looking forward to expand that. And literally we are on all teams so, good position for us to be in.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein with Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Ron.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Bill, so how should we think about the potential change in administration, and what impact that could have on kind of longer term defense spending?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think from our standpoint I've said it before in the company's 86 year history, if you look at you can say that we have a democratic administration and senate in the house, and if you look at that, the company has faired well in that. I think, the way I look at it and I say it is that it doesn't matter whether you are red or blue in your party that all parties care about national security. And whoever goes in the office and takes over is going to have to deal with a Iraq, will have to deal with National and Homeland Security and international security, and that's not really changing. So, they've got tough choices as they go in there and so from our standpoint the way we try and look at it is what are the true needs of our country and international countries and how do we line up our capabilities in that regard. So we don't look at a change in administration or something that keeps us awake at night because whether you are democrat or republican what you really care about is red, white and blue and I really see that as I travel around the world and makes you pretty proud live in this country that you know that people on the hill in administration are trying to do what's right for the country and we both on national issues when it comes time like crisis. So we are not loosing any sleep on it.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay and then one follow on if I may, when we think about the supplemental budget and maybe changes in spending there, can you just remind us how tight breaking on to this supplemental or not?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: We have got about a $1 billion in that from a bookings point of view you have to divide that by about a third to get an impact. So when you look at it, it really doesn't swing us and we are not dependent on it. And then the other thing we got to look at is clearly the equipment and what's being used over there is going to have to be reset and we kind of look at it in a way that you are probably not going to buy exactly what's over there that if you have to reset and redo why wouldn't you do with better capabilities better technology and so how do you spiral that equipment. So when you replace it you maybe don't have to buy as much but what you get does that job in a little bit more so that's kind of how we look at it.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Sure, great. Thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Greg Smith - Greg Smith Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay, Lauren we'll take one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Gary Liebowitz with Wachovia.
Gary Liebowitz - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning guys.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey Gary.
Gary Liebowitz - Wachovia Capital Markets: You talked about the Patriot missile... Patriot systems for South Korea and Taiwan you expect more orders later this year. Could you quantify the long term dollar potential of these Patriot awards?
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Wow. That's hard because we look out to about 2013, 2014 its in the billions and the big billions. Let me just put it that way. It's.. I've really never said in total each of them because some are outside of our five-year horizon, but they are big numbers. If you take usually if somebody's buying four fire units or more it's a $1 billion program. If that helps?
Gary Liebowitz - Wachovia Capital Markets: Yes it does, thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Greg Smith - Greg Smith Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, thank you that concludes today's phone call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Good day.
Greg Smith - Greg Smith Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you Lauren.
Operator: My pleasure.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Smith - VP, IR William H. Swanson - Chairman and CEO David C. Wajsgras - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Steve Binder - Bear Stearns Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company Robert Stallard - Banc of America Joe Campbell - Lehman Brothers David Strauss - UBS Doug Harned - Stanford Bernstein Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan George Shapiro - Citigroup Myles Walton - Oppenheimer and Company
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Raytheon's Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lauren and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We'll conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call Mr. Greg Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Greg Smith - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Lauren, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Results released this morning the audio feed of the call and the charts referenced are available on our website at www.raytheon.com. For a live call an archive of both the audio replay and the printable version of the slides will be available on our Investor Relations website. With me today are; Mr. Bill Swanson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wajsgras, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with some opening remarks by Bill, Dave will then discuss the financials and the outlook. Please limit your questions to two per caller to allow for broader participation. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to caution you regarding forward-looking statements. Any matters discussed that are not historical facts particularly comments regarding the companies future plans objectives, and expected performance consists of forward-looking statements. These statements are based on a wide range of assumptions the company believes are reasonable but are subject to range of uncertainties and risks that are summarized at the end of our earnings releases and we discussed in detail in our SEC filings. With that I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Greg. Good morning everyone. 2007 was a very successful year for the company. We ended the year with both records bookings and backlog. We grew sales by 8% while increasing the operating income by 20%. If you take a look at our bookings and sales over 26% of our booking and 20% of our sales in 2007 came from our international customers. Our results demonstrates the success we've had in driving operational improvements throughout the business and executing on our strategy. In 2007, we increase the dividend for the third year in a row and announce the 2 billion share repurchase plan are largest today. During the year, the company repurchased close to 30 million shares for 1.6 billion and retired over 1.7 billion of long-term debt enabling us to reach our target credit rating at BBB+. 2007 was a also a year in which we reshaped our portfolio to focus on our core business. To this end we completed the sale of Raytheon Aircraft company and flight options. We are now fully focused on leveraging our world-class technologies within our core business to serve both our domestic and our international customers. We made a couple of acquisitions in 2007, Oakley Networks and Sarcos Robotics Technologies. Oakley strengthens our capabilities and information security, and supports our strategic focus on information assurance and information operations. Sarcos brings specialized robotics capabilities to the company and both of these acquisitions will enhance Raytheon's technological capabilities in attractive growing markets. The company's customer focus on performance relationships and some solutions are process discipline and Six Sigma efforts continue to deliver outstanding results. This was evident in a number of key competitive wins last year, that position us well for the long-term. I'd like to talk about a few of those. E-Boarders are $1.4 billion with the UK home office to develop and implement the nation's advanced boarder management program. The Australian Air Warfare Destroyer, a contract valued at over $1.3 billion where we will design and develop the combat systems for Australia's next generation destroyer. The Navy's Multi-Band Terminal, or NMT as we call it, a contract which has a lifetime value of over $1 billion, the best way to think of NMT is the satellite communication terminal design to be installed on ship, shore, and submarine platforms for the U.S. Navy. The Warfighter Focus Program, an IDIQ award that has a potential lifetime value of over $11 billion. The Warfighter Focus Program is a landmark consolidation of the U.S. Army's live, virtual, and constructive training operations since support systems worldwide a first of its kind. And the Common Sensor, a U.S. Army IDIQ award that starts out small, but can grow to more than 1 billion of potential sales. It is a sensor payload for both manned and unmanned aircraft that demonstrates our unique capabilities in reconnaissance, surveillance and target acquisition add a good value. And just at the end o for the year the U.S. Army awarded us $234 million contract to develop the Mid Range Munition for the future combat systems mounted combat system. MRM is a precision guided gun fired smart munition that will provide a beyond line of site capability for the army. This award is establishes Raytheon as the world leader in the development of affordable precision guided projectiles. These competitive wins highlight the execution of our strategy, our technology, our systems engineering expertise, and our world-class talent. Our strategy going forward will be to continue to provide our customers with outstanding capabilities and focus on our core markets of sensing effects, C3I and mission support, as well as our focus on international for both our core and adjacent markets. In summary, we're going to remain focused on the areas that enabled us to be successful in 2007, including technologies delivering on our commitments and continuing to drive shareholder value. In closing, I'd like to thank our 72,000 employees for job well done. With that I'll turn it over to Dave, who'll walk you through the financials.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Thanks, Bill. I have a few opening remarks starting with the fourth quarter highlights followed by our updated 2008 financial guidance, and then we'll move onto questions. During my remarks I'll be referring to the web slides we issued earlier this morning. As a reminder we completed to sale of the Flight Options business in the fourth quarter, and as we previously discussed and disclosed we're now reporting FO as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. If you'd now move to slide 3; we performed well in the fourth quarter with EPS from continuing operations of $1.45 and for the full year $3.80. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.96 in the quarter and $3.31 for the year both up 26% from last year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations excludes tax related benefits of $0.49 both in the quarter and in the year primarily related to the resolution of an R&D tax refund claim that goes back to the 1984 to 1990 timeframe that ones disclosed in our prior public filings. We had strong net sales of $6 billion for the fourth quarter and $21.3 billion for the full year both up 8% from 2006. Bookings were very strong for both the quarter in the year leading to a healthy backlog of $36.6 billion. We also had good performance from an operating cash flow standpoint for both the quarter and at the year. Looking ahead to this year given our recent program wins and the continued focus on performance improvements driven by our Six Sigma efforts, we've increased our 2008 guidance, which I will address later in my remarks. If you'd now move to slide 4, let me start by providing some detail on our fourth quarter and full year results. Our total company bookings for the quarter were $9.2 billion giving us a 1.5 book-to-bill ratio. Notable highlights include over $2.1 billion at IDS the largest of which was $1.3 billion for the Air Warfare Destroyer Program for the Australia Navy. This business also booked $233 million for the Patriot Pure Fleet program for the U.S. Army. IIS had strong bookings in the quarter as well coming in a $2.4 billion including $1.4 billion for the UK e-Borders projects, and $160 million contract for the U.S. Air Force for the GPS operational control segment. IIS booked $538 million on a number of classified contracts including $246 million on a major classified program. Missiles booked over $1.6 billion including $242 million for the Phalanx Weapons Systems for U.S. Navy, $234 million for the design and development of the Mid Range Munition System, $196 million for the production of the TOW Missile for the U.S. Army, and $146 million for the production of enhanced paidway [ph] for international customer. SAS captured a number of classified contracts in the quarter including one valued at $380 million. TS booked $118 million for the initial work on the Warfighter Field Operations Customer Support contract the program with the U.S. Army to provide live, virtual, and constructive training services. Full year booking for the company were 25.5 billion a book-to-bill ratio of 1.2. Backlog at year-end was a new record for the company totaling $36.6 billion an increase of 8% or $2.8 billion from 2006. Turning now to slide 5, as I noted earlier fourth quarter adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.96 versus $0.76 for the same period last year. The increase was primarily driven by improved operating results at IDS, Missiles, and SAS combined with lower pension and net interest expense. Full year adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $3.31, up 26% was essentially the same key drivers as the fourth quarter. Turning now to slide 6, as I noted earlier sales increased by 8% in both of the fourth quarter and the full-year of 2007. IDS net sales were up 8% compared to fourth quarter 2006, primarily due to growth on missile defense agency, U.S. army And international programs. Intelligence and information systems had fourth quarter 2007 net sales of $808 million, up 17% primarily due to new programs including e-Borders. In the fourth quarter Missile Systems net sales were up 3% driven by volume increases on the standard missile programs. Network Centric Systems had fourth quarter 2007 net sales of $1.1 billion, up 13% principally the result of programs that supports the US Army. Space and Airborne, Space and Airborne Systems had $1.2 billion of net sales in the fourth quarter up 6% primarily due to growth on airborne radar and sensor programs, and technical services had fourth quarter 2007 net sales of $643 million slightly up from last year primarily driven by the Warfighter Focused contracts. If you'd now move to page 7, in the fourth quarter our operating margins were up 90 basis points to 10.8% driven by IDS, Missiles, SAS and lower pension expense the 70 basis point increase at our SAS business was the result of both higher volume and overall performance. IDS was also favorably impacted by stronger volume as well as improved performance across several domestic programs. The 40 basis points increase of Missiles was the result of both higher volume and the royalty on a foreign military sales. IIS posted lower margins for the quarter primarily due to the transition cost associated with the Oakley Networks acquisition and the start of the e-Borders program. NCS also experienced slightly lower margins in the quarter primarily due to the timing and mix of programs. Total company full-year margins increased 100 basis points from 2006 primarily driven by IDS, NCS, Missiles and again lower pension expense in 2007. Our continued focus on both top line growth and operational improvements resulted in our improved financial performance. Shifting now to cash flow on slide 8, operating cash flow from continuing operations for the fourth quarter 2007 was just under $1 billion versus $1.3 billion for the fourth quarter 2006. The decrease is primarily due to the acceleration of $500 million discretionary cash contribution to the company's pension plan previously forecasted to be made during the first quarter of 2008, and the timing of customer advances partially offset by the $381 million in tax refunds received from the resolution of tax matters, which I addressed earlier. On a total year basis operating cash flow from continuing operations was $1.2 billion compared to $2.5 billion in 2006. The decrease in 2007 was primarily the result of higher cash tax payments of $740 million, which included $630 million attributable to the gain on the sale of Raytheon Aircraft Company, $700 million of higher discretionary pension funding, and $170 million of other items including a reduction in customer advances. This was partially offset by the $381 million aforementioned tax refund. Moving now to slide 9, I'll address 2008, but let me first put the fourth quarter and 2007 full-year results in perspective. Sales growth and international bookings were very strong and the businesses executed well across the Board. Both operating margins and return on invested capital improved, and we ended the year with the strongest balance sheet the company have had in a number of years. Taken together we see these positives forming a solid foundation as we begin in 2008. We now expect to grow sales to a range of between 22.4 and 22.9 billion for the total company up $300 million from our previous guidance driven by the competitive wins in the fourth quarter. As for pension... as for FAS/CAS pension expense 2008 is now expected to be a $150 million versus $259 million in 2007. This results primarily from a change in the discount rate to 6.5% for 2008 versus 6% used in 2007. We continue to use an 8.75% assumed rate of return on our pension assets. Net interest expense is expected to be in a range of $45 million to $60 million, which is slightly higher than 2007. The increase is the direct result of the net cash balances an interest rate environment expected throughout 2008. We expect our average diluted shares outstanding to be in a range of 427 to 429 million, which does assume share repurchases during the year. The diluted share count is also expected to be impacted by other items such as option exercises, restricted stock grants and most importantly the timing of our repurchases. We're increasing our EPS guidance by $0.15 per share on the high-end and $0.20 per share on the low-end when compared to what we were seeing a few months ago. We now expect to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.80 per share representing growth of between 10% and 15%. As for the R&D tax credit extension we do want to be clear. For planning purposes we are assuming the credit gets passed in 2008, and accordingly we've included it in our 2008 guidance. It favorably impacts the effective tax rates by approximately 70 basis points. So our current guidance does includes $0.04 earnings per share from the credit, which is consistent with 2007. Our operating cash flow guidance has been revised to a range of $2 billion to $2.2 billion. We expect to improve ROIC in 2008 to a range of 9.6% to 10.1% an improvement of 10 to 60 basis points over 2007 adjusted ROIC. Now moving to slide 10 for review of our outlook by business. First of all from a sale standpoint all of our businesses continue to do well. Overall, we expect sales to grow in the 5% to 8% range. With respect to margins with the exception of IDS and IIS margins across all of the other businesses are either in line or improving when compared to 2007. The IDS margin decreased in 2008 is primarily due to a mix change this year related to our international business. In 2007, margins were also benefited from the favorable impact related to contract nearing completion and the milestone payment received in connection with the successful flight test. With respect to IIS we expect the margins to be in the range of 8.6% to 9% at or slightly below 2007 due to the transition costs related to the acquisition of Oakley Networks, as well as the start up of the e-Borders program. Now the summarize, we made great progress on a number of fronts in 2007. We are pleased with our performance and look for continued growth and strong performance again in 2008. We will continue our relentless focus on supporting our customers missions while at the same time enhancing shareholder value. And with that we'll be glad to take any questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Hey, Good morning guys.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: I wanted to ask you about your cash flow. If I take the pension contribution that you accelerated. Am I wrong that you just... between 07 and 08?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sorry, Rob we lost you for a minute there.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: I'm sorry.
Unidentified Company Representative: Alright.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The whole center part of the question disappeared on our end.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Okay. Let me just repeat the question then. If I take the $500 million accelerated contribution out of 07, do we have flattish number between 07 and year 08 guidance?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well the $500 million obviously took down 07 and improved 08. The way I would look at it as we have about 100% cash conversion relative to our income year-over-year.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Okay. But then of course you are growing... you are growing the business between the two years.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: And so that the flat number seems a little bit conservative perhaps.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well we feel comfortable with the guidance and there is some big moving parts obviously. We have $900 million of discretionary cash contributions that took place in 2007. We had this $380 million or so tax refund. We had the impact of on our obviously on cash taxes with respect to the RAC sale. So there is number of moving parts. But, if you stand back from this I would say the conversion is pretty healthy.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Okay. And then one other question on your upcoming programs, if you could just update on some of these Boarder program in Saudi Arabia and UAE Patriot that sort of thing what's the latest on that Bill?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I would tell you that we've submitted our bids on the Boarder program, those are in evaluation and for me to say anymore on that I really can't it just moving forward and it's a process, and we'll wait for the kingdom to make there determinations there. Regarding Patriot, Patriot's got more moving pieces today than its had in a number of years. We've go Korea, Taiwan, Kuwait, UAE, Saudi, Turkey, Gutter, Pure Fleet which is on the U.S. side and that's just a name of few, so we expect some activity this year, but as most you know that have been around with me for a long time on Patriot international was all timing and so we are working with each country, and we expect some movement this year. Excuse me, a little frog in my throat. We probably have got couple of 100 million in international sales this year that we're forecasting, and if some these awards happen sooner and bigger then we'll reflect that as we go forward, but very healthy for Patriot especially the fact that we booked about 400 billion to-date on Pure Fleet and we expect about another 130 million this year just remember some numbers off the top of my head.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: And if you take all those nations you mentioned for Patriot and you've added a lot, what's the total addressable market the way you look at it?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think I would pop a bottle of champagne at that level it's a big number and there big numbers because there is spread over a link the time and I would be speculating you've all have read the releases that have gone forward in congress, and I'd rather not speculate because each country is going through their budgeting process and timing, but very, very bright future for Patriot given world events the way I described, but it's a rebirth not many programs have this kind of longevity and it's a real credit to the system that keeps getting upgraded to handle all those threats and it's still the worlds best, just to do a little marketing.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse First Boston LLC: Well thanks for the color.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Troy Lahr with Stifel Nicolaus & Company.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thanks. I wonder if you could talk about bookings for the fourth quarter. It seems like they were much stronger than expected were there any of those bookings pulled from 2008 you talk some stuff is going to come true or what really surprise you there because it was such a strong number?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: ALot of competitive wins I mean if you take three programs e-Borders, the Australian Warfighter or the Australian combat system program you will look at those they were just, they were big for us we could take up free programs and that would be about $5 billion worth. We had $9.2 billion worth of bookings in the quarter. And as I commented that it bodes well not only for this year but for the future a number of our programs have longevity in them and there are longer programs, so normally we have about a three year window on programs, some of these are going to go longer five years, eight years, 10 years. We did have to the came in December that we would have figured for first quarter, one of them was the MRM program that I talked about out of Missiles and then we had our classified program that close to about $400 million in our west coast business.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And can you throw out a number for 2008 for maybe what you think bookings are going to be?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah we really didn't listed this guidance, but I have no problem telling you it's... we're figuring around $22 billion plus or minus $500 million or 0.5 billion, but it's lumpy. Some of the international orders I talked about earlier that those come in they are heavily factored and so that number will go up.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: And the international mix on that $22 billion.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're looking as I mentioned sales were above 20% last year we look for international bookings to be around the quarter, which would be around about 25% or greater, and when we look at 08 awards and pursuits, they are dominated by international activity, and we factor those heavily.
Troy Lahr - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. Thanks, guys.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Binder with Bear Stearns.
Steve Binder - Bear Stearns: Good morning,
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Steve.
Steve Binder - Bear Stearns: How are you?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Steve Binder - Bear Stearns: So, I guess first question on SAS I guess if you look at the history of SAS you never seen the fourth quarter been the strongest margin in the year and clearly it is better than expected, I just wondering maybe you can touch on was there any favorable keen [ph] adjustments contract close-out adjustments what happen there in because obviously it's been a laggard in the first nine months?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Steve it's a very fair question. And we're pleased obviously with their performance in the fourth quarter. We talked about SAS throughout the year and some of the softness they were seeing in the classified space area from a top line perspective. They've taken a lot of actions with respect to productivity improvements, centered around our Six Sigma efforts, and much of that benefited the bottom line in the fourth quarter. There is no particular notable contract adjustments it just that they are running the business very, very well today.
Steve Binder - Bear Stearns: And do you happen to have the breakout of FAS/CAS for 08?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The breakout of FAS/CAS for 08. Yeah, we were actually trying to simply it and going to one number. Again I would provide roughly what the numbers are Steve, it's not a problem. But, I do want to keep let you know and everyone else listening that as in prior years we go through a mid-year true up with our outside actuaries and the number does tend to tweak a little bit in the third and fourth quarter. But, right now we are looking at somewhere from a FAS standpoint and in the $525 million range and from the CAS standpoint somewhere in the $385 million to $400 million range plus or minus.
Steve Binder - Bear Stearns: All right, and Bill just on IIS. I just wondering just from a color standpoint when back out e-Borders, you did see some a little bit better growth last couple of quarters. Are you trying to see an acceleration activity is that classified activity that you've seen?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, what I would tell you on the classified is that we expect more activity this year. We see IIS doing well in the competitive wins and they've got growth, e-Borders does start out slower. We want to make sure we've got the risk bounded as you take on something new especially internationally. But all-in-all what I would say is no change in the classified except classified space is still one where that's shorten its way out, some people think it will improve in 09 some say 010, but it's around that timing as we get things nail down, does that helps?
Steve Binder - Bear Stearns: Great. Thanks, good quarter.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You didn't say anything about the Patriots.
Steve Binder - Bear Stearns: We'll wait until Monday.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Safe answer. Okay.
Steve Binder - Bear Stearns: Take care.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Thank you. Could you give us a little more color on the impact of the transition to Oakley and to e-Borders what are we talking about how much were the intangible, what kind of earnings impact did that have?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, with respect to Oakley we purchased it in the back half of last year and went through obviously the purchase accounting, so part of it is going to the amortization of intangibles over the next few years as we valued the business. And there are also was some obviously some integration costs as we bring it into the company that's primarily the drivers... the more significant driver what's going on in the margins. E-Borders had a much lesser financial impact as we were looking for 2008 versus 2007.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Can you quantify what that number was approximately in the fourth quarter and next year for Oakley?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I would say within... now this is an important point and it's a fair question which I'll answer, the point is this, IIS from an operating income standpoint and absolute dollars is a nearly a significant of some of our other businesses, so small dollars are going to move that margin from a basis point standpoint much more or so than other businesses. So with that being said with respect to IIS it's somewhere in the neighborhood of 25 to 35 basis points for Oakley.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Okay. And...
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In the quarter in 07, that's the number for...
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: And in 08?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In 08 it's about 30 to 40 basis points in 08.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Got it. And last one could you, you mentioned that the orders you are looking for 22, so the book-to-bill a little bit under, but you've mentioned that the international bookings I guess is appropriate or heavily factored, could you give us over all basis what's the factor number for the totality of the international orders is it 25%?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No we -- Cai, we don't give up that of granularity on that thing I would just say that we factor them heavily because it's there are three elements it's the probability of timing, probability of the program going and probability as winning, so it's actually up one, two and three multiplier as opposed domestic, which basically has two multipliers against that if you think about it. And so for us we are not hung up on the $22 billion because one large international on Patriot or one large international homeland security type award will just swing it, and so that's why I put a little color on that thing that it's effected by binaries and I could rip off about six or seven programs that would affect that number in a heartbeat, and I am not avoiding your question it's just...
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: No, no, I understand it. Here, just one follow-up could you give us a little color on the timing of some of the bigger one, do you expected timing or you expected rough timeframe as to when we might see some of these Patriot potentials come to fruition?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We get soon. It's... I am laughing it's so hard to do. It's dependent on world events. We probably would expect sometime maybe in the first half, Korea and Taiwan to start, Kuwait could be in the first half of the year. UAE I think its more of the end of this year probably even 09 as we look at it and so those are big windows, but that's the best I can do right now. We've got teams all over the country working to try and get this done and through the system, and that's to our advantage and our shareholders advantage for us to get them done quick, so that's what we are trying to do.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line Robert Stallard with Banc of America.
Robert Stallard - Banc of America: Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - Banc of America: Just afollow-up on the UK and Australian contracts that you've won. Could you give us an idea of first of all the timing how these program will time over the next few years? And also are they fixed priced development contracts?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If you look at them there are mix within the contract, Australia starts now it goes for a good length of time. We probably expect sales in that around let say $100 million this year on that program and it goes from 07 to 2018 and that will be fluid as we move things in and out of that, but a nice steady state program is as we go and do that and that really leverages off our Zumwalt DDG 1000 way we have run that program hitting every milestone and outstanding award fees and we expect to do AWD the same way. If we look at e-Borders we expect sales there this year probably around couple of $100 million. As we look at it that program will go over 10 years the front of it the first five years were the heaviest part of it and as you can imagine with that and we expect from a standpoint to leverage that other places as we work with the UK and other countries. Mainly because nobody else is doing this, I think of it describe it is count them in, count them out and to know what's going on immigration is important to all nations and the UK is kind of leading in that regard I hope that helps.
Robert Stallard - Banc of America: Yes. Just a follow-up on that fixed price development, are these contracts fixed price?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There are parts of them that are fixed price, but it's a fixed price and something that we've already done. So I think we've got it bounded, but at the same time we understand the risk and the way we manage these programs as the risk is retired as the milestones were met. So we've got a rigorous process here in the company where it's laid out for the whole period on the milestones. All these international programs are managed with earned value which is what we do on everyone of our programs even though they are not called for on international program. So they get the same kind of management that we do on our domestic programs.
Robert Stallard - Banc of America: Okay. Thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Campbell with Lehman Brothers.
Joe Campbell - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, Bill, Dave and Greg.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Joe.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Joe Campbell - Lehman Brothers: It's been a tough month on Wall Street and it's nice to see at least one stock up for the year I think Raytheon's are best performing...
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Joe Campbell - Lehman Brothers: Whatever you do and keep it up.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We'll buy more.
Joe Campbell - Lehman Brothers: Whatever, I think everybody is thinking that the defense outlook is reasonably strong amount of what happens in 08, but as we go in to the second half of 08 and start looking seriously at the next President, I think people would like to sort of sorted out what stuff is in the base budget and unrelated to the war including oversea sales and non-DoD and what stuff projects are related to the war funded in the SOP [ph], to trying to get a sense of how... which... what percentage of each company is kind of depends on what happens on the war having this budget these budgets kind of keep going or not. Can you give us a sense you told us 29 odd percent are international, how does it look when we look at Raytheon, how much of it's Army and Marine Corps and war and SOP versus...
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Wellwe don't break it out by service for that way, but maybe I can give you a little color.
Joe Campbell - Lehman Brothers: This color is great.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we don't swing on the supplemental, I tell you supplemental bookings for us and our sales are in the low single-digit range. As we look at it from that standpoint we might have around $1 billion in bookings, but that get spread over three years so you look at it, that's well under 5% as we look at it, so let's say we're on the 2% to 3% range if we do that the stuff that we're doing is adding some more capabilities in theatre. We all know that as we'd look to the future here, a lot of these gears coming back. It's going to have to be updated or upgraded or refurbish so the reset is not in these numbers. I think the supplemental, I'm trying to remember on top of my head, $189 million of which they out as 70 billion, excuse me, 189 billion. They put 70 billion bridge in that will come up this spring. Some of us believe that probably around this summer they are going to put another bridge in, they won't put the full... another full supplemental in because they will probably give the new administration a chance to think through that. So, but I see or at least we see or read about that continuing, but we still have to face the fact that in 09, 010 and 011 timeframe we are going to have to refurbish a lot of gear that bodes well for us because these platforms will need to be upgraded and we are looking to put our latest and greatest on them, if that helps.
Joe Campbell - Lehman Brothers: The only thing I would notice always that the Army is more than 50% funded in the sub. I would have thought with your Army exposure that the number would be bigger than in bookings five and...
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, no we are not ... we are kind of well positioned across all three services. So, not one of them really drives us, but all three have an affect on us. I mean this is the way I would say it. So, we don't rotate around anyone of them. It's well balanced and we are in the electronics end of it, so it's a platform agnostic, as we look at it.
Joe Campbell - Lehman Brothers: Terrific. Thanks for the color Bill.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David Strauss - UBS: Good morning. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, David.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
David Strauss - UBS: Bill, can you maybe give a little bit of color on IDS margins over the long-term. Obviously they ramped up tremendously over the past several years. They look like they are starting to come down now with the large amount potential international activity coming through. How do you view margins in that business over the long-term?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all they've got some good margins. They performed well, we understand their business. They get driven by the mix of their business from a standpoint that as we look at international contracts our mix of the company is about 60-40, 60% direct, 40% FMS. We are about 50-50 cost plus versus fixed price. So what happens to IDS is as we look at their portfolio really is dependent on the mix related to their international business. And some of the near-term orders we see are probably going to be foreign military sales. If they are not FMS then they will go to DCS, if they're DCS then we take on more risk and we price in the risk and have to manage it. So I would tell you to look at them, there is not a performance concerned at all in my mind regarding IDS. It has to do with watch their mix and what we see coming and we've taken that into account in our forecast this year.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay, and I think we all have an idea, but any color on the margin differential you see in that business between direct and FMS. I mean, just I know you are not going to give exact, but any type of idea in terms of the difference?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's really dependent on our customer and what they really want and if you look at that business we've been doing it a long-time, I think we do it appropriately and that the point is, is if you have a direct commercial sale you are taking on more risk. And so... and then you have to really be tenacious in the management of that risk and for us we sell in 80 countries. So we've got good experience on how to do that, but we all have to remember it still international business.
David Strauss - UBS: All right, okay. And Dave, one question for you... you gave us this FAS number for 08 typically in UK you will give one year out. Do you have any inkling at this point of what 09 FAS pension expenses looking like?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I don't think we are ready to discuss that right now. Again it's a fair question and I think the most important thing to notice what I mention to one of your colleagues earlier, it's... this is an estimates the $150 million net impact on the P&L is an estimate. It will be trued up in the back half for the year. So, even the FAS/CAS split at this point, again we are just... we are trying to give the folks who are going to go through the financial modeling something they can work with.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay, and last one share repurchase. Obviously your forecast includes a large decline in the amount of shares you have outstanding.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
David Strauss - UBS: Can you give us some help in terms of what you are budgeting for share repurchase is in the same order magnitude what we saw in 07?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think the way I'd like to address that is giving the... our estimate as we sit here today and what we are seeing with respect to the bookings on the average diluted share count outstanding for the year is realistically, as far as we want to go, because it's subject to so many different variables and I think that's probably all we are comfortable and talking about right now.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All right.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Stanford Bernstein.
Doug Harned - Stanford Bernstein: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Harned - Stanford Bernstein: On... continuing on space and Airborne Systems. When you look forward you are guiding to pretty flat revenues and they have been pretty flat, and backlogs are little bit down. Could you comment on the long-term outlook, should we think of this as a relatively flat business and how would you compare the trajectories for the Airborne sensor portion verse the space portion?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would tell you that divided it at two parts, if you could look at it the way we do and take space out their business is growing about at the same rate as the rest of the company. If you take space that created a whole and the growth has filled in the whole, and so from ours standpoint we're going to be looking at this year as we look into 09 and if we see the recovery coming in 09 then we'll see SAS trajectoring up. If it comes in 010, I think it'll still trajectory up, but it will be of a slower... it'll be at a less steeper angle, if that helps.
Doug Harned - Stanford Bernstein: Okay and...
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But the business is a strong business. They've done a good job of offsetting what we've seen happen in space.
Doug Harned - Stanford Bernstein: And then separately could you talk about DDG 1000, obviously a very big program for you and where you see the big milestones coming up and then what you see as some of the challenges given the complexity of the overall program?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well first of all, I think I can say that unequivicably we've hit it our milestones. We've done exactly what we said we're going to do and the Navy has recognized that and talking about it being one of their better managed or best managed program. So we're very proud of what the team has done, but more proud of the partnership that we have with the Navy. The milestones are... we're going to be delivering 10 or 11 major technologies on that program. That will be forward fitted and back fitted, by that I mean you can take our SPY-3 radar, you can take some of our communications suites, our peripheral launchers, our underwater systems, warfare systems and those will not only be used for this class of ship, but we believe it will be used for other classes of ship. We also believe that sometime in the future, the... our Navy along with other Navies in the world operate together. A classic example is, we'll pay our friends in Japan a compliment. They fired a Standard Missile-3 in December, their first international firing taking place intercepted a holistic target in space and knocked out of the sky and a good example of how the Navy looks at technology, shares technology with favored nations. So we feel very good about the Zumwalt program, whether it's accomplishing, how the Navy is managing it and where we think that will... those electronic systems can be used, not only domestically, but in the internationally sometime in the future when it's releasable.
Doug Harned - Stanford Bernstein: But, is there any area you see as the biggest challenge when you look forward?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just keeping it all going, is that... I mean it's a complicated program. It's not something that keeps me awake at night, but the real challenge is when you think of what we are doing, what we are accomplishing, it's breathtaking. And... but the team is doing a great job and I think our customers are pleased with our performance. I wish there were going to be more ships. But, that's not going to limit us from propagating it to carriers or other future ships when you look at CGX or other things.
Doug Harned - Stanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But its... there is not a breathtaking technology that we are worried about or something we are not doing here. It's keeping everything moving forward.
Doug Harned - Stanford Bernstein: Great.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with J.P. Morgan.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: Good morning. Good quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you, Joe.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Joe.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: My question is back on Patriot and it's a little bit bigger picture. We went for many years where as you noted earlier, Bill the well was pretty dry for Patriot orders and now we just have a laundry list of countries that are looking at this and getting close looks like to a number of contracts. And I am wondering besides the weak dollar and besides sort of global conflict, which I guess has been going on for almost a decade now. What's changed about the program, is there something technological below the surface that is attracting customers, there is something in terms of cost that's improved. What's really changed?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think world events have a lot to do with it. I mean people are worried that short range ballistic and medium range ballistic missiles are a real threat. You can look around the world and some people have fired them in the areas that have gotten people excited. I know it would get me excited and I think people are worried that harm that it could cause from both the political and population point of view and they look at Patriot. Clearly for us with PAC-3, we've improved the system with... I won't get into the techno, but its dual TWT. We've doubled the range 3 DB better. We can see both airborne targets, aircraft crews, and tactical ballistic missiles. You can have a mix load of both PAC-3 or JIM plus missile in it. So, you can... the system will determine what missile to use for what circumstances and it does it on probability of killing a cost effectiveness methods, so it's very sophisticated. It has remote launch, so it can be used in other places and I think countries realize that they're trying to protect their borders and it's more sensitive today then I think I've seen it at least in my 36 years in the business and I think people want to buy the best. And so, when you look at it, you mention that the dollar, now is a good time to do that so all-in-all, given political events, given the threat, given the technology and given the value, things kind of line up the right way and we're going to try and help them in anyway we can.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then just second question which is back on IDS. It's been... the margins there are great, which we've discussed. It's been several years now though I think where you've been guiding down and the margins have actually gone up each year and is there... and I know why you said that that margins will be down this year. It's mostly a mix issue on the international side. But, is there that possibility that the margins could be flat or up again if some good things happen?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we've given you the best guidance we have. What we know today would be orders. Clearly last year they had a successful one-time award fee for a success, that's a non-recurring event. We don't have one of those this year, so we have to take that into account. They completed a couple of programs that really gave them a good year. So, all-in-all we've tried to put in the best guidance we know going forward. If all of these... now I want to quantify something, Patriot sales are really affected by timing, the way we look at it. We put it in for this year, we don't see much fluctuation there, but if these order all happen in the back half that would really bode well for 09 and it wouldn't affect 08 that much. So, the way I'd answer your question is, we think we've looked at it line-by-line and tried to take a good step at providing the range that we think we're going to come in at. Now, having said that we're insatiable as you all know on margin improvement and we're going to work hard to try and drive this business even better, but that takes real work.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: It's the lead-time between a Patriot order and the beginning of work is a matter of a few months?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it could be at... what I'd say is, if things come in the third quarter, last half of the second quarter, you're not going to see much in that year. And so, I'm kind of trying to bound this that it would have to come in the first quarter, early part of the second quarter for it to start swinging the needle here.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks very much.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Joseph Nadol - J.P. Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Citigroup.
George Shapiro - Citigroup: Good morning.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, George.
George Shapiro - Citigroup: Bill, looks like that international sales grew about 11% 07 verses 06, given that you want from 18% to 20%. What kind of a growth rate for 08 that you have embedded in your sales forecast for international?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: George, I never want to correct you on math, but it was about 13%. And we expect double-digit growth in volume this year. I'd say from a standpoint that right in that range, 10 to 13, right in there.
George Shapiro - Citigroup: Okay. And then maybe Dave, just one, if you look at SAS, the sales sequentially from Q3 were up over $200 million. Normally Q4 is the strongest, but we usually don't see that bigger jump. So, can you tell us what happened sequentially and how much of that's sustainable into 08, because it wouldn't seem like the 08 guidance there, might be a little bit low in revenues?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, there was some, the way I would frame it is some timing between Q1 and Q4. There was a lot of activity in the latter part of Q4 last year. So, it was really timing between quarters. Although notwithstanding, they had a very strong quarter in spite of that.
George Shapiro - Citigroup: Okay. Those were my questions. Thanks.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. George.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, George.
Greg Smith - Vice President, Investor Relations: This willbe... we'll take one more question.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Oppenheimer and Company.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer and Company: Thanks. Good morning, good quarter.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer and Company: Bill, in response to Joe's question, you talking about the drivers to pickup here in international interest. You left out foreign policy piece, which seems to be from my outlook, it seems to be far more open to release a lot of these systems. So I guess the question is, do you think the current administration has been a significant enabler to a lot of this interest in the near-term?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if you look at some of the countries I mentioned, they are not the ones that are getting the... what we are calling agreements. The UK and Australia are two countries that the administrations working with to speed up the process. I can say that those of us who are the members of AIA really look and work with the administration to work on export import control, speeding up the process, how do we do licensing for normal products and what we will call the fast track, but... people are really see this is how do we improve it to making it quicker. I think foreign policy has a lot to do with, I didn't mean to shirk that one in my comments, but it also helps when you think of Korea, Taiwan, Kuwait, Saudi they have already got Patriot when I talk about it. So, being able to upgrade and release is a lot easier and the other things is Patriot's defensive system. You only use it, if somebody is doing something to you. And so, that makes the release a little bit different. And so, yeah, you are right it has something to do with it. It takes a lot of pieces to make sales of that size go forward. And when you look at for us homeland security or border security, I think the administration, we know where they stand on the war on terror and they don't have the issues with countries trying to protect themselves.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer and Company: And Dave just kind of a follow up. Given you have been around the block far more times in May. Administrations roll over and these international agreements are kind of out there being negotiated. There is a probability of the deal changed materially?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You mean with changes in administration.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer and Company: Yes, exactly from the policy makers?
David C. Wajsgras - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think people honor agreements made by previous administrations. It's not like I grow up etch-a-sketch, you don't turn it upside down, shake it and come up with a clean screen and start all over again. So, from me if you look at whether you are democrat or republican and I think people believe in homeland security and border security and protecting your nation and having relationship. So, I'm looking at 09 as if things are going to be turned upside down to startup clean again.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer and Company: And then maybe lastly on Patriot. One time in the past you did disclose kind of how significant that program as a total was to the company. Can you give us kind of an update there, either percent of revenues for the total company or percent of IDS?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Can you repeat again?
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer and Company: Yes, Patriot as a complete program inclusive of all the work you do on it. You once disclosed I think back in 04 the size of that program. Can you give us an update on the size of that program?
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it's hard for me to do this year, but I would tell you we are expecting about 20% growth in Patriot year-over-year. Is that... that's kind of the way I look at it. There are so many pieces that do we call a mission support piece or a logistics piece or an engineering service piece in Patriot. So, we kind of get away from that, that's why it was out way back in 04 and the definition is so hard to do it, but kind of for us, we do it on a percentage basis. So 20% is good growth from year-to-year.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer and Company: Okay, that's great. Thank you.
William H. Swanson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Greg Smith - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks everyone that concludes today's call. Thank you, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Good day.
