===== 2025 Q2  (2025-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Q2 2025 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2025 second quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer Kevin Stein, Co-Chief Operating Officer Mike Lisman, and Chief Financial Officer Sarah Wynne. Also present for the call today is our Co-Chief Operating Officer Joel Reiss. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the investor section of our website or at SEC.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliation. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with a brief overview of our recent organizational announcement, then a usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter, and discuss our fiscal '25 outlook. Then Mike and Sarah will give additional color on the quarter. As you may have seen, we announced this morning that I will retire at the end of TransDigm's 2025 fiscal year. Beyond that, I will continue to serve as an advisor to the company through March 31, 2026 to help facilitate the leadership transition. Additionally, I will continue to serve as a member of TransDigm's board of directors. It has been a privilege to lead TransDigm as CEO these past seven years. TransDigm is an exceptional company, and I immensely enjoyed the opportunity to see it grow and generate value for its shareholders. I look forward to finishing out my last few months as CEO and continuing my involvement with TransDigm's board member. I will be leaving TransDigm in very good hands, as Mike Lisman has been elected by the board of directors to be our new CEO effective October 1, 2025. At that time, Mike will become responsible for all operational and financial matters. All our operating executives, as well as the CFO, will report to Mike. This succession planning has been in the works for some time, and we were very excited to promote an internally developed, long-tenured employee into the position of CEO. Mike has served as TransDigm co-COO since May of 2023. Prior to that, he held several positions across the company, including that of CFO and Executive Vice President, with direct operational oversight for a number of our operating units. Mike also previously held role as the lead of TransDigm's M&A team and as a Business Unit Manager at our Aero Fluid Products operating unit. Mike understands our unique culture and process and embraces our long-term value-generating strategy. He has contributed substantially to the value that TransDigm has created over his tenure. Mike is an excellent choice to lead TransDigm. I am confident he will do an outstanding job and continue to create the kind of value that has been the long-term hallmark of TransDigm. Now moving on to the business of today. To reiterate, we believe we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in both good times and bad, as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy specifically. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organizational structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocation are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long-term goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we have a strong Q2. During the quarter, we saw a healthy growth in the revenues for both our commercial aftermarket and defense market channels. Commercial OEM revenues this quarter were about flat with the prior year. Sequentially, both revenues and bookings improved in all three of our major market channels. Commercial aerospace market trends remain favorable. It's currently a very dynamic macroeconomic environment, but to this point, airline schedules continue to be fairly stable. In the commercial OEM market, there is still much progress to be made for OEM rates, and our results continue to be adversely affected by OEM performance. Airline demand for new aircraft remains high, and the OEM backlog remains considerable. OEMs are working to increase aircraft production to meet this demand. Boeing aircraft production rates are still well below pre-pandemic levels, though, and the nearly two-month-long machinist strike last fall further delayed the recovery. However, there has been steady progress in Boeing's production rates, which is a positive sign. Our EBITDA as defined margin was 54% in the quarter. Contributing to this strong Q2 margin is the continued strength in our commercial aftermarket, along with diligent focus on our operating strategy, which is allowing margin performance to expand across all segments. Additionally, we ended the quarter with a strong cash balance of over $2.4 billion. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2025. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. During Q2, we opportunistically deployed just over $50 million of capital via open market repurchases of our common stock. This equates to approximately 40,000 of our shares at an average price of $1,250 per share. Additionally, after the quarter end, we deployed about $130 million of capital in early April to repurchase just over 100,000 of our shares at an average price of $1,241 per share. We view these purchases like any other capital investment and expect that they will meet or exceed our long-term return objectives. Regarding the current M&A activities and pipeline, we continue to actively look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the immediate time horizon, we continue to see an expanding pipeline of potential M&A targets, and we do not see this environment slowing in the near term. As usual, the potential targets are mostly in the small and midsize range, and TransDigm remains disciplined in our approach to M&A. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. The capital allocation priorities of TransDigm are unchanged. Our first priority is to reinvest in our businesses. Second, do accretive, disciplined M&A, and third, return capital to our shareholders via share purchases or dividends. A fourth option, paying down debt, seems unlikely at this time, though we do still take this into consideration. We are continually evaluating all of our capital allocation options, but both M&A and capital markets are difficult to predict. As always, we continue to closely monitor the capital markets and remain opportunistic. As mentioned earlier, we ended the quarter with a sizable cash balance of over $2.4 billion. We have significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. Moving to our outlook for fiscal '25, the guidance assumes no additional acquisitions or divestitures and is based on current expectations for continued performance in our primary commercial end markets throughout fiscal '25. Although we saw strong second quarter results, we are not changing our full year financial guidance for fiscal 2025 at this time. This may be conservative in time to tell. The guidance incorporates the impact of recently enacted U.S. and non-U.S. tariffs. Based upon what we know today, we do not anticipate a material headwind from tariffs that we are unable to mitigate. As you know, TransDigm is largely a domestic manufacturer with limited exposure to low-cost country sources. The full year guidance assumes no significant macroeconomic impacts or other factors such as an economic recession that could affect our business. Additionally, we do not know what the indirect impact of tariffs could have on other parts of the aerospace supply chain, including OEM production rates. Our guidance can be found on slide 6 in the presentation, and I will also discuss here. The midpoint of our fiscal '25 revenue guidance is $8.85 billion or up approximately 11%. In regards to the market channel growth rate assumptions that this revenue guidance is based on for the commercial OEM market and defense market, we are updating the full year growth rate assumptions to reflect second quarter results and current expectations for the remainder of fiscal '25. For commercial OEM, we now expect revenue growth in the low single-digit to mid single-digit percentage range. The previous commercial OEM revenue guidance was mid single-digit percentage range. For defense, we now expect revenue growth in the high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range. The previous defense revenue guidance was high single-digit percentage range. We are not updating the full year market channel growth rate assumptions for commercial aftermarket as underlying market fundamentals have not meaningfully changed. Commercial aftermarket revenue guidance is still based on our previously issued market channel growth rate assumption of revenue growth in the high single digit to low double digit percentage range. The midpoint fiscal 2025 EBITDA as defined guidance is $4.685 billion or up approximately 12% with an expected margin of around 52.9%. This guidance includes about an additional 70 basis points of margin dilution for recent acquisitions compared to fiscal '24. While we had a strong EBITDA margin result in the second quarter of fiscal year '25, margins can be lumpy and may fluctuate over the next couple of quarters. Again, this could be conservative. The midpoint of our adjusted EPS is expected to be $36.47 or up approximately 7%. Sarah will discuss in more detail shortly the factors impacting EPS along with some other fiscal '25 financial assumptions and updates. As the current environment is very dynamic, we will continue to evaluate our guidance and closely monitor our primary end markets as the year progresses. We believe we are as well positioned as we can be for the remainder of fiscal '25. As usual, we will continue to closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I'm very pleased with the company's performance this quarter. We remain focused on our value drivers, cost structure, and operational excellence. We looked forward to the second half of fiscal '25 and providing the value you have come to expect from us. Now, let me hand it over to Mike Lisman, our TransDigm Co-COO, to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2024. That is, assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we'll split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue was about flat in Q2 compared with the prior year period. Sequentially, total commercial OEM revenues grew by about 17% compared to Q1. Bookings in the quarter were just slightly down compared to the same prior year period with the softness driven by our BizJet and helicopter submarkets. The bookings levels for OEM commercial transport were roughly in line with our expectations prior to the Boeing strike with the growth rate in the low single digits for the quarter, giving us confidence that the commercial OEM market is recovering from the disruptions of approximately two quarters ago. OEM supply chain and labor challenges persist but continue to improve. Despite government actions regarding tariffs and concerns around a potentially weakening economic environment, aircraft production backlogs are large enough that at this time, supply chains remain the primary bottleneck in the OEM production ramp up. We remain encouraged by the progress of the 737 MAX production line. As in prior quarters, the commercial OEM guidance we're giving here today contains an appropriate level of risk around the MAX production build rate for the balance of the '25 fiscal year. We remain optimistic that our operating units are well positioned to support the higher production rates as they occur. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 13% compared with the prior year period. This quarter, all submarkets within commercial aftermarket experienced positive growth. The growth across the four submarkets was varied but not significantly disconnected from what we had anticipated. Business jet, freight, and interior were each stronger than the total commercial aftermarket 13% growth rate, whereas the passenger submarket performed slightly below the overall commercial aftermarket rating growth. Within our passenger segment, operating units with higher engine content posted very solid growth, well in excess of those with non-engine content, and also considerably ahead of the 13% overall growth rate in our commercial aftermarket revenue. For the full year and as you saw in today's guidance, our outlook for commercial aftermarket growth of high single digit to low double digit growth is unchanged. We are watching the economic environment closely. Several airlines have announced potential capacity reductions for the '25 calendar year and in some instances pulled their financial guidance. At this time, despite these announcements and growing economic concerns, we are seeing no material weakness in our commercial aftermarket order book versus prior expectations. The bookings are coming in at about the pace we thought they'd be, so we are therefore not changing our guidance. Additionally, a few points of note. Q2 bookings in commercial aftermarket were strong, running ahead of our expectations, significantly outpacing sales, and supporting the full year growth outlook. Additionally, our Q2 point of sales data through our distribution partners, which can be a decent leading indicator, was up significantly, well into the double digits on a percentage basis. As mentioned, we're monitoring our commercial aftermarket bookings rates closely, and should these booking rates decline from what we are seeing at present as a result of economic softening and ensuing airline schedule reductions, we will revise our guidance accordingly on future earnings calls. Now turning to broader market dynamics and referencing the most recent IATA traffic data for March. Global revenue passenger miles have continued to surpass pre-pandemic levels since February of 2024. RPKs in March were up 3.3% versus prior year. The growth rate improved slightly versus what was seen in February. ASKs were up 5.3%, and the passenger load factor for March came in at about 81%. IATA currently expects traffic to reach 113% of 2019 levels in 2025, and to surpass prior year traffic by 8%. Time will tell if the IATA forecast is too aggressive, as a few other forecasters are predicting a growth rate a couple points lower. Regardless of the exact growth rate, we remain ready to meet the demand. Domestic travel also continues to surpass pre-pandemic levels, though March posted marginal growth compared to the prior year, and the most recently reported traffic data, global domestic air traffic, was up about 1% compared to 2024 and up about 8% compared to 2019. Domestic air travel in March was unfavorably impacted by declines in both the U.S. and Australia. International traffic continues to trend upwards and has been above pre-pandemic levels for the past several months. In the most recently reported data for March, international travel was up 4.9% compared to 2024 and about 3% above pre-pandemic levels. In March, most international markets saw growth, though it was slower growth than prior months. North America and the Middle East were the only regions that saw slightly lower international traffic than prior year. Now shifting to our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 9% compared with the prior year period. Q2 defense revenue growth was well distributed across our businesses and customer base. Additionally, we saw similar rates of growth in both the OEM and aftermarket components of our total defense market, with OEM running slightly ahead of the aftermarket. Defense bookings for the quarter and year-to-date significantly outpaced sales to support the full year guidance for defense revenue growth. Additionally, this quarter, we saw continued growth in U.S. government defense spend outlays. As we've said many times before, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. We know the bookings and sales will come, forecasting them with accuracy and precision, especially on a quarterly basis, is quite difficult. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we are revising defense expectations upward and now expect revenue growth for this year to be in the high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range. Lastly, I'd like to wrap up by expressing how pleased I am by our operational performance in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. Our operating unit teams did an exceptional job executing on our value drivers, and this generated the strong results delivered in the second quarter. Our management teams remain committed to our consistent operating strategy and servicing the growing demand for our products as we continue through the balance of the year. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our CFO, Sarah Wynne.
Sarah Wynne: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'll recap the financial highlights for the second quarter and then provide some more information on the current guidance. First, on organic growth and liquidity. In the second quarter, our organic growth rate was 7%, driven by our commercial aftermarket and defense market channels, as Kevin and Mike just discussed. On cash on liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally defined as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx, and cash taxes, was close to $340 million for the quarter. This is lower than our normal quarterly free cash flow conversion due to the timing of the interest and tax payments. We anticipated this dip. As you may recall, our first quarter free cash flow came in higher at over $800 million. For the full fiscal year, our free cash flow guidance is unchanged. We continue to expect to generate free cash flow of approximately $2.3 billion in fiscal 2025. Below that free cash flow line, an investment in networking capital consumed about $190 million for the quarter due to the higher AR for our second quarter shipments and higher inventory planning for the back half of the year. For the full year, we expect working capital to end roughly in line with historical levels as a percentage of sales. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.4 billion of cash on the balance sheet and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 5.1 down from 5.3 at the end of the last quarter. While we don't target a specific amount of cash that we like to have on hand, we have sufficient capital available through both cash on hand as well as incremental debt capacity to support all potential M&A activity in the pipeline. As a reminder, we are comfortable operating in the five to seven times net debt-to-EBITDA ratio range and while we're currently sitting on the low end of this range, our go forward strategy of capital deployment has not changed. Our EBITDA to interest expense coverage ratio ended the quarter at 3.4 times, which provides us with comfortable cushion versus our target range of two to three. Regarding our debt, our nearest term of maturity is over two years out due November 2027 and we remain approximately 75% hedged on our total $25 billion gross debt balance through fiscal 2027. This is achieved through a combination of fixed rate notes, interest rate caps, swaps and collars. This provides us plenty of protection at least in the immediate term. As Kevin mentioned, during the quarter, we opportunistically repurchased approximately 40,000 shares along with an additional 100,000 shares during the first week of April during the depressed stock price. This totals 500 million in deployed capital for repurchases on a year to-date basis when combined with the first quarter repurchases. We continue to seek the best opportunities for providing value to our shareholders through our leverage strategy. On a go forward basis, we expect to continue both proactively and prudently managing our debt maturity stacks which for us means pushing out any near term maturities well in advance of the final maturity date. With regards to the guidance, as Kevin mentioned, we have maintained our prior financial guidance for fiscal 2025. A quick note on the evolving tariff environment. As Kevin mentioned, TransDigm is largely a domestic manufacturer with limited exposure to low cost country sourcing. From an operations perspective, our 51 operating unit teams are driving their own actions to alleviate the majority of any negative headwinds through a combination of measures including but not limited to USMCA exemptions, cost reduction initiatives and supply chain resourcing to name a few. Each operating unit has developed a course of action in this regard that is specific to its own circumstances and situation. We believe we'll remain in a good position from an overall cash, liquidity and balance sheet standpoint with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or continue to return cash to our shareholders via dividends or share repurchases. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much, good morning.
Kevin Stein: Morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: First of all, I'm not sure if you're going to be able to answer this, Kevin. There's been some talk in the press that you were interested in purchasing Jeppesen from Boeing and obviously didn't. So I was wondering if you could comment on that situation?
Kevin Stein: We look at all aerospace targets that come along. And our approach is, we look for aerospace businesses that have high aftermarket content and are proprietary products, as we've always discussed. And the Jeppesen business ticked those boxes without a doubt, highly engineered product, very important to the aerospace world. So we were very serious in it. But also in our approach is a very disciplined process. We don't, and we can't overvalue and pay up. I don't want to comment too much on the process or what happened specifically with Jeppesen or the bid. But we must stay disciplined in our approach to ensure we continue to drive the returns our shareholders have expected from us. And that means sometimes you have to say no to deals.
Robert Stallard: Yes. And then just quickly on the tariff situation, you've commented, Sarah commented about some of the mitigation actions you're taking, but you didn't mention price. Do you think you'll be in a situation where you won't need to pass on digital costs to customers?
Kevin Stein: Yes, I don't know if that is going to be the case. All value drivers are always in play. But we have a very small insignificant really impact from the tariffs today. So we're not spending a lot of time wringing our hands over the impact TransDigm.
Robert Stallard: Okay, that's great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Mikus from Melius Research.
Scott Mikus: Good morning. Kevin, I wanted to ask on the capital deployment. So are we getting to the point with the amount of cash that this business is generating at share repos or special dividends are going to be a regular part of capital allocation going forward in addition to M&A?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think it's always been part of our capital allocation strategy. In my prepared comments, I went through our basic priorities. First invest in our own businesses and make sure we're funding all of the productivity and new product projects that are available, then looking at accretive M&A that meets our discipline criteria, and then yes, looking for opportunities to return through either special dividends or repurchases. And we always look at all of those options when it's time to return capital, I look at it as it belongs to the shareholders and it's our job to get it back to you as quickly as possible. Recently, we saw a disruption in the share price and we opportunistically capitalized on that to put some money to work on the shareholders' behalf. We still believe that special dividends and share repurchases are the right way to get capital back if there's not immediate and sizable M&A opportunities on the horizon or that we have more coverage than we need for what we see coming.
Scott Mikus: Okay. And then in the opening remarks, it was mentioned that you're operating units with higher engine content. We're seeing better pull through in the commercial aftermarket. So I'm just curious, is there any meaningful margin differential in commercial aftermarket sales to the engine supply chain versus the airframe side?
Kevin Stein: No. No meaningful difference on engine versus non-engine.
Scott Mikus: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, Mike, Kevin, with EBITDA guidance and change for the full year, there's an implied step-down in margin from 2Q for the second half of the year. Can you discuss what items could potentially pressure margins or how much conservatism is baked in?
Kevin Stein: There's definitely conservatism baked in, because we don't know how the world always unfolds and we don't want to get out over our skis too far. We're comfortable with what we've guided and the market segmentation that we're providing, so hopefully it turns out to be conservative, but that's the way we tend to forecast and communicate what we're looking at in the future.
Kristine Liwag: Great. I think also I was remiss to start off with saying congratulations to both of you, Kevin and Mike. Kevin, we'll miss you, and Mike, welcome to your new role, very excited for this change. I guess one of the questions I'm getting from investors is as you transition to the new CEO role, Mike, are there priorities that are different than what Kevin had previously looked at, and how do we think about this transition?
Mike Lisman: Thanks, Christine. First off, I don't think any meaningful changes are coming. Obviously, Kevin and I have been on the same page for the last many years. I've worked for Kevin directly for seven or eight years, so I think we'll continue to run the same playbook here on the value drivers at TransDigm operationally and then no material changes in terms of capital deployment action, so I think it will be a lot of the same going forward that you've seen in the prior years from TransDigm.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays.
Josh Korn: Hi. Good morning, and congratulations. This is Josh Korn on for David.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Josh Korn: Good morning. You mentioned the performance of the aftermarket, submarket in the quarter. Can you give us an idea of where each of those four are on a volume basis relative to pre-pandemic levels?
Kevin Stein: Sure. So all four performed well this quarter, as we said, experiencing significant growth, and we're pretty across all four for the most part above where we were pre-pandemic. The one exception to that would be the interior side of the business, where it's not rebounded to peak volume levels that we're seeing pre-COVID at the peak of the airline retrofit cycle, but all the others are above where they were previously.
Josh Korn: Okay, thanks. And then wanted to ask about defense, where you raised the outlook. Is there any specific domain or area where you're seeing especially strong bookings that gave you confidence? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: No, I would say it's pretty uniform across all of our businesses. We've continued to see good strength on the defense side, and it's evenly spread across both the OEM and the aftermarket. It's not been weighted to just one or the other. So it's been quite uniform, and we remain optimistic on where that's heading going forward just based on what we've seen come in on the booking side.
Josh Korn: Okay. Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys, and congrats, Kevin and Mike. So maybe just following up on the margins, if that's okay, 54% margins in Q2, just pretty strong, implies that the second half is around 52%, so 200 basis points down in the second half, but if we assume OE margins are around 20% EBITDA margins, that only makes up for about half of it. So I'm just wondering what you're factoring in to the conservativeness. Is it tariffs? Is it OE really picking up? Is it aftermarket flowing? If you could comment on that.
Mike Lisman: Yes, I think it's Mike, Sheila. I think, as Kevin said earlier, it's mainly conservatism. There's no tariff headwind or anything to that sort. And then the other factor that plays in here is obviously just a bit of a makeshift in the second half versus the first half because you have the commercial OEM picking up, which as you pointed out comes in at lower margins, so we'll see a bit of that in the second half, but hopefully it proves conservative as things play out here over the next five months.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. And then maybe on the aftermarket with 13% in the second quarter, how do we think about the puts and takes within the four submarkets as we head into the second half of the year? What are you guys seeing with the booking momentum?
Mike Lisman: All four were up nicely, as I mentioned, across the four submarkets. The engine continues to be the strong outperformer, and we expect to see continued growth across the four in the back half as we sit here today and look out at what we're hearing from our customers on the commercial aftermarket side.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from RBC Capital Markets.
Ken Herbert: Yes. Hi. Good morning and congratulations, Kevin and Mike.
Kevin Stein: Thanks.
Mike Lisman: Thanks.
Ken Herbert: Maybe on the aftermarket, the first question, was there any either in the calendar first quarter, fiscal second quarter, or in the month of April, did you see any pre-buy activity with any airlines around the world just looking to get ahead of sort of this tariff risk perhaps and anything unusual that you may have seen through any of the channels in the year so far?
Kevin Stein: We did not see anything unusual, Ken. We don't get great insight into this, obviously, through the distributors of the airlines on why they're placing orders, but we didn't see any meaningful pre-buy to get ahead of any tariffs or anything of that sort.
Ken Herbert: Okay. That's helpful. And obviously, you did a lot of work around Jeppesen, and I'm just curious, Mike, maybe as you go forward, how do you think about maybe M&A in more software-related businesses? Because this obviously would have been a material step change for you, but I think a nice sort of representation or logical step in the evolution of TransDigm. But are you maybe more open now to doing less traditional acquisitions? Do you feel like you've got a better understanding of opportunities? Maybe help us understand how you're thinking about sort of within aerospace broadening now the M&A approach after obviously going through this process?
Mike Lisman: Well, I don't want to say too much to comment on other deals that were active in the market, but generally, as Kevin said, we look at all aerospace deals, whether it's hardware, software. And generally, what we're looking for is an EBITDA stream that has the attributes like our base components business. And if we find that on the software side, it's not necessarily something we would shy away from doing and venturing into. But we always look at, and as we've always done, we stress a five-year model where we target a certain return. And if we don't see a high likelihood of achieving that on certain opportunities we'll always be disciplined and stand out. So we're not going to launch down some path where we're certainly moving into software or anything of that sort. But as always, we'll always look at everything in the aerospace world, whether it's hardware or software, and see if there's a path on a sticky enough earning stream to generate a PE-like return.
Ken Herbert: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could comment on the OEM growth rate change. And was it more on the business shed and helicopter bookings? It almost sounded like you were more confident in what you were seeing at Boeing. So if you just add color to that?
Kevin Stein: Yes, that's right, Myles. We nudged it down slightly versus prior quarter, as you saw in the guidance for this morning. And it was mainly driven by the heli weakness that we saw. The commercial transport side, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, actually did quite well on the booking side this quarter. So we're seeing good progress on that front. And what really nudged it down was more of the submarkets that fit within that bucket that are non-commercial transport.
Myles Walton: And then just one other one. If you look at the guidance, this is the second quarter you've reiterated, I think the longest stretch without a raise in a while, was there something about this year where you're seeing more incoming headwinds absorbing contingency? Or was there maybe a little less contingency in the '25 guidance looking out?
Kevin Stein: On the guidance overall across the submarkets, or just commercial OEMs specifically?
Myles Walton: Sorry. M&M's across the EBITDA of the company?
Kevin Stein: Generally, I think we always build in a decent amount of conservatism and try to obviously modify it as we go through the course of the year by submarket on the revenue guide. And we made some slight tweaks this quarter that netted to kind of a push on the impact towards the overall guidance. But I don't think we did anything differently this year than we've done in prior years in terms of the amount of error band around the revenue growth estimates by submarket.
Myles Walton: All right. Congrats again.
Kevin Stein: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird.
Peter Arment: Yes, thanks again. Congrats, Kevin and Mike. Hey, Mike. I think last quarter you kind of gave us kind of a snapshot of how the order rates were doing. I think purchase orders were running about 50% of kind of the rate 38 target at Boeing. Maybe you could just give us an update if you don't want comments specifically on that, just maybe in general how OE purchase orders are going? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: Yes, I would say it's varied across our op units, I think, just based on the type of component they have and where Boeing is with the inventory position. And I think Boeing has said as much publicly just with regard to how they're approaching the supply base. It's very component specific. But generally, we're in and around sort of that 30 rate per month ballpark on the max that you would expect we are at. But there are some puts and takes across our 51 op units around that rate, and it varies a bit. But when you put it all together, that's about what we're seeing.
Peter Arment: Appreciate that. I'll leave it one. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JP Morgan.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much, and congratulations to Kevin and Mike. I wanted to ask first about the M&A environment. We're definitely in a much more volatile financial market environment. We may, to some degree, be headed into a more volatile macro environment. In terms of the way you run your LBO models and the expectations that you think that potential sellers might have? How is this environment that we've seen over the past couple of months sort of affecting that environment, and specifically your thoughts about how you model that?
Kevin Stein: I'll answer, and Mike can jump in. The one change I've seen over the last, I don't know, couple of years is just the willingness for people to pay up for targets. We've seen some aggressive multiples for acquisitions. That's about the only change I've seen, and maybe it's just we're being victims of our own success. People have seen the market and are now in the space. But that hasn't changed our approach. We're swinging at and looking at everything that comes along in the aerospace world and comfortable that we can continue to meet our EBITDA-acquired needs on a yearly basis going forward. We don't see any change to that approach.
Seth Seifman: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up, in the aftermarket, which is a place obviously where investors are focused on potential risks given what some airlines have been saying about capacity, if we thought about this kind of high single, low double pace that you have, and we think about the distinct risks that are out there, whether it's U.S. carriers talking about reducing their capacity growth expectations, maybe it's some disruption in sales to China, how do you order those risks and the types of capacity cuts they've been talking about in the U.S.? How much of a headwind does that represent to that high single, low double pace that you're running at really consistently now?
Kevin Stein: Well, as we sit here today, based on the order book. We're not seeing any change in our commercial aftermarket bookings. We're seeing continued strength, actually, of those bookings into April, which is good to see. Like you guys, we read the news headlines. And even though we're not seeing it today, if it were to come about through some kind of change in the economic conditions overall, that there was going to be a downturn or a blip of a bit, we'd look to go and be very nimble and quick just in terms of how we react to it in going after our own cost structure. But as we sit here today, we're not seeing that.
Seth Seifman: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Morning.
Mike Lisman: Morning.
Noah Poponak: Congrats on the new roles. And Kevin, thanks for all the time you've spent with all of us over the last few years.
Kevin Stein: Of course.
Noah Poponak: I guess more than a few, but thank you. I wanted to just stay on M&A because you guys have referenced a very busy pipeline for a while now. And you've done some deals, some nice deals last year, but it's been not a particularly torrid pace and a lot of things in the small to smaller side of medium category as opposed to larger. You just referenced what's happening with valuation. We all saw the Jeppesen multiple. Are you just looking at a lot of assets that late in the process, the multiple is just too high? Or are there other reasons things are falling out earlier in the funnel? Just trying to square up or has what you've done lined up with your definition of a very busy pipeline?
Kevin Stein: I think it has lined up with a very busy pipeline. We have looked at a tremendous number of large targets, public companies, large privates, things that have gone for upwards of $10 billion or more. We've looked at them all, but again, our approach is to stay disciplined. We've been very busy. We've screened a tremendous number of businesses. And if things fall out for certain reasons, so be it, we must stay disciplined in our approach. That's what's led to the quality of returns over a very long, many year run. And I don't want to change that approach and I know Mike doesn't either. So we're not desperate to do deals. We are rather busy and continue to evaluate. Last year was an incredible year, the second best EBITDA acquired year we've ever had. And yes, unfortunately we haven't closed on a few things that have come along, but the year is not over yet and we remain very optimistic and we're very busy, just as busy today as we were six months ago or a year ago. So, sometimes it doesn't translate into closed deals, but it's a very active time. And to a first approximation, I don't worry about what it costs to acquire a business. If it meets our criteria, then we should be bidding on it. But in the case of some of the ones we're talking about, the operations existed outside of our core competency and strengths. So it didn't make sense to venture outside of our comfort zone on some of them. But we remain very active and valuating a lot of targets.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I appreciate all that detail. And just as one follow-up, Sarah, can you just square me up on free cash flow? I think for a few years, you've talked about it in absolute terms, but also then excluding a working capital build. What are you expecting for the full year on free cash and an income conversion? And is it now the same number, whether we're including or excluding working capital or is there still a working capital headwind this year?
Sarah Wynne: I think it's still the same as we thought at the beginning of the guidance. You obviously saw the networking capital change for this quarter, which was high, but if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, we're kind of in line with the percent of sales as we'd expect to be, so no change for the entity year, we expect to. And the year, we're just over $2.3 billion with this networking capital after that free cash flow number in line as a percentage of sales.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes in the line of Gautam Gohana from TD Securities.
Gautam Gohana: Yes, good morning and congrats, Mike and Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Gohana: So I wanted to ask, you mentioned the delta between the engine aftermarket and the non-engine. Have you seen any change in behavior of late with respect to discretionary aftermarket? Is that presumably with all the capacity cuts and you're hearing some of the U.S. airlines talk about curtailing maintenance spend. Is that where you're seeing some change in customer behavior or weaker orders, or maybe you could elaborate on kind of the order of magnitude, not just for the quarter, but since the quarter?
Mike Lisman: Yes. Gautam, its Mike. No, first, we've not seen any behavioral difference between what's discretionary versus non-discretionary. Our biggest discretionary bucket within commercial aftermarket is probably our interiors business, but to-date, that's continued to perform quite well with no signs of slowing down or pulling back. So we remain optimistic on the growth outlook for the balance of the year and aren't seeing any weakness.
Gautam Gohana: Okay. That's encouraging. Just curious on just the pricing dynamics, given tariffs, I'm just curious, like what the -- are you seeing any incremental elasticity on those parts? Do you expect to? It's presumably you're going to have to, on the margin, raise prices a little bit more than you otherwise would. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but is that what we should expect a little bit steeper pricing action to offset the tariffs?
Mike Lisman: Yes, I think overall, as Sarah and Kevin said in the prepared remarks, we're largely a domestic manufacturer. We don't expect some kind of material headwind from the tariffs here. And we're pursuing a lot of cost savings and other actions internally to make sure there's no net impact on the EBITDA line.
Gautam Gohana: Okay. And then just the last one on the M&A pipeline, which you did talk about. Just anything kind of in the later stages at this point that you can point to?
Kevin Stein: We can't comment on that. We can't comment on things that are in the process. We're evaluating a bunch of companies right now. That's constantly the case every day, but we can't comment on where things are in the process.
Gautam Gohana: Fair enough. I appreciate it.
Kevin Stein: You just don't know if it's going to close, and that's the only thing that matters at the end of the day.
Gautam Gohana: Fair point. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein from Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Ronald Epstein: Maybe circling up on a topic, I don't think anybody's really kind of hit yet. So what are you guys seeing in kind of the pulse on freight and cargo? We've heard the ship-borne cargo is way down. Are you seeing anything in those end markets, given what's going on with the tariffs?
Kevin Stein: Our freight business continued to perform well in the second quarter. The rate of growth within freight actually exceeded the 13% overall for the commercial aftermarket. I think you guys follow the data points as much as we do. CTKs are up kind of in the low single-digit kind of ballpark through the first calendar quarter. So, growth continues despite some of the macroeconomic concerns that we read about in the news headlines. But our business, as far as commercial aftermarket goes in that submarket, actually performed pretty nicely ahead of what CTKs are doing in the broader market. We've seen some lumpiness in orders there before, but it was good to see the strength this past quarter.
Ronald Epstein: Okay, got it. And then maybe as a follow-on. There's been a lot of talk lately about software-enabled hardware. Have you guys been kind of more interested in looking into that as a net market for you all, where I know a lot of what you do, I guess software wouldn't be really relevant for, but I guess there's some stuff that would be. And the BOD has been pushing in that direction, and we're seeing that more broadly in commercial markets. Is there something there for you all to do in kind of software-driven hardware?
Kevin Stein: I think as far as the M&A landscape goes, we evaluate deals as we always have. We look and target for a 20% IRR, and that hasn't changed and is not going to change going forward. And if we find companies that tick the boxes in terms of the characteristics that we want them to have and we see a clear path to generating that kind of return, we're going to go after it.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi.
Jason Gursky: Hey, good morning, everybody. Mike, Kevin, congrats from me as well. Mike, look forward to working more closely with you. I just wanted to bring up a topic I've been trying to cover with everybody this quarter. Obviously, there is change afoot at DOD in particular. We've seen some executive orders come down on a whole litany of things, but the one that kind of has piqued my interest is on a rewriting of the federal acquisition regulation and DFARS on the defense side as well. And I would love to just get your big-picture thoughts here on what you understand to date on what's changing and, secondly, how that might impact the business over the longer term and what are the risks and opportunities to this kind of change in regulatory environment that it looks like we're about to go through on the defense side? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I guess I'm not sure how significant changes will be in the regulatory environment on DOD acquisition, DLA acquisition. We continue to work very closely with the DOD, DLA through working groups where we meet at senior levels on procurement initiatives and continuing the communication. So it's not something that has been raised yet from their level. We tend to not speculate on what might come but rather stay informed and react when it does. So I don't have any comment beyond that necessarily. I'm not trying to be unhelpful.
Jason Gursky: Yes, fair enough. So early days, it sounds like.
Kevin Stein: Very early.
Jason Gursky: Yes, understood. We'll be watching this one, I think, for a while. Maybe just a quick follow-up then. I'm just wondering from a competitive perspective what you're seeing out there in the market as far as PMAs and whether there's been any change in either your approach to PMA parts or whether you've seen a noticeable difference and pick up an investment from others in the market?
Kevin Stein: We have not seen a meaningful uptick in PMAs across our businesses in terms of others trying to BMA [ph] our product. It's always something we've come at in the past. We're not a huge target on that front, just given the nature of our products. And we haven't seen any increase in the most recent months or quarters, nothing really of note.
Jason Gursky: Yes, understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Charmoli from Truist Securities.
Michael Charmoli: Hey, morning or afternoon, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Congrats, Kevin, Mike. Maybe just back to Seth's line of questioning on the aftermarket and the order book. Order book is strong, but what would you guys say is the typical lead time that you have? We're seeing the carriers make changes to capacity cutting routes. That order book, do you start to see any changes or weakening post capacity cuts? Is it three months? Is it six months? Just trying to gauge sort of the visibility you have there. And I'll just keep it to that one question.
Mike Lisman: Sure. So, it's Mike. As I mentioned, we've seen continued strength over the last couple weeks and months, so no change coming in. But it is something that books and ship, as we've said many times before, on a tighter timeline than, say, the OEM parts of our business. So, trust justice, a larger percentage of the commercial aftermarket bookings that come in every quarter ship out within that same quarter than you would find on the OEM side. I don't think we've provided an exact percentage in the past, but it's a meaningful percentage of the bookings that are received that end up shipping out. So, that's why we look at it and monitor it so closely on the booking side. But again, we're continuing to see bookings growth at this point in time.
Michael Charmoli: Okay. And your proxy, I mean, is it capacity? Is it traffic? Is it takes off and landings? I mean, what are you guys monitoring most closely that you think correlates and drives that aftermarket business?
Mike Lisman: Yes. We look at all of them, and the fact of the matter is they're all pretty tightly correlated at this point in time. But the best gauge is probably takeoffs and landings. We look at all of them.
Michael Charmoli: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's presentation. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Jaimie Stemen for closing remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes the call. We appreciate your time and have a good rest of your day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello. Welcome to TransDigm Group Incorporated. Q1 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all speakers are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigms Fiscal 2025 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigms President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Co-Chief Operating Officer, Joel Reiss; and Chief Financial Officer, Sarah Wynne. Also present for the call today is our Co-Chief Operating Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the companys latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, Ill start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discuss our fiscal 2025 outlook. Then Joel and Sarah will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we believe we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in both good times and bad, as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy, specifically. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organizational structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit the strategy where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our longstanding goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had a strong start to our fiscal year. During the quarter, we saw a healthy growth in the revenues for both our commercial aftermarket and defense market channels. As expected, Commercial OEM revenues were modestly down this quarter compared to prior year, which Joe will discuss further in his market's commentary. Bookings in Q1 expanded for all three of our major market channels. Commercial aerospace market trends remain favorable. The commercial aftermarket has returned to normalization as global air traffic has surpassed pre-pandemic levels and robust demand for travel persists. In the commercial OEM market, there is still much progress to be made for OEM rates and our results continue to be adversely affected by OEM performance. Airline demand for new aircraft remains high and the OEMs are working to increase aircraft production. However, Boeing aircraft production rates remain well below pre-pandemic levels as the lingering effects of last fall's nearly two month long machinist strike and its ongoing impact to the supply chain continue to be felt. The strike has pushed the OEM recovery further to the right and time will tell how this plays out. Our EBITDA, as defined margin was 52.9% in the quarter. Contributing to this strong Q1 margin is the continued strength in our commercial aftermarket along with diligent focus on our operating strategy, which is allowing margin performance to expand across all segments. Additionally, we had strong operating cash flow generation in Q1 of over $750 million and ended the quarter with almost $2.5 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2025. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. During Q1, we opportunistically deployed just over $300 million of capital via open market repurchases of our common stock. This equates to approximately 250,000 of our shares at an average price of $1,249 per share. We view these repurchases like any other capital investment and expect this will meet or exceed our long-term return objectives. Regarding the current M&A activities and pipeline, we continue to actively look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the immediate time horizon, we continue to see an expanding pipeline of potential M&A targets, and we do not see this environment slowing in the near term. As usual, the potential targets are mostly in the small and midsize range, but larger deals may also be actual. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. The capital allocation priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. Our first priority is to reinvest in our business; second, do accretive disciplined M&A; and third, return capital to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends. The fourth option paying down debt seems unlikely at this time, though we do still take this into consideration. We are continually evaluating all of our capital allocation options, but both M&A and capital markets are difficult to predict. As always, we continue to closely monitor the capital markets and remain opportunistic. As mentioned earlier, we ended the quarter with a sizable cash balance of almost $2.5 billion. We have significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. Moving to our outlook for fiscal 2025. The guidance assumes no additional acquisitions or divestitures and is based on current expectations for continued performance in our primary commercial end markets throughout fiscal 2025. Although, we saw strong first quarter results, we are not changing our full year revenue and EBITDA as defined guidance for fiscal 2025 at this time. We are also maintaining our previously issued full year market channel growth rate assumptions for commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket, and defense as underlying market fundamentals have not meaningfully changed for any of these markets. Additionally, uncertainty remains around the commercial OEM production rate progression and supply chain impact as Boeing recovers from the machinists strike. We will continue to closely monitor the situation and respond as needed with commercial OEM production ramp up certainty and only one quarter of data, it's too close to call on making changes to our primary end market guidance at this time. Our guidance can be found on Slide 6 in the presentation, and I will reiterate it here. The midpoint of our fiscal 2025 revenue guidance is $8.85 billion or up approximately 11%. The revenue guidance is based on the following market channel growth rate assumptions. Commercial OEM revenue growth in the mid-single-digit percentage range, which is highly dependent on the evolution of the production rates in the commercial OEM environment. Commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range and defense revenue growth in the high single-digit percentage range. The midpoint of fiscal 2025 EBITDA is defined guidance is $4.685 billion, or up approximately 12% with an expected margin of around 52.9%. This guidance includes about an additional 70 basis points of margin dilution from recent acquisitions compared to fiscal 2024. While we had a strong EBITDA margin result in the first quarter of 2025, margins can be lumpy and may fluctuate over the next few quarters. The midpoint of adjusted EPS is increasing versus our prior guide to reflect the lower outstanding share count resulting from the share repurchases discussed earlier. The midpoint of adjusted EPS is now expected to be $36.47 or up approximately 7%. Sarah will discuss in more detail shortly, the factors impacting EPS, along with some other fiscal 2025 financial assumptions and updates. We believe we are well-positioned for the remainder of fiscal 2025. As usual, we will continue to closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I'm very pleased with the company's performance this quarter. We remain focused on our value drivers, cost structure, and operational excellence. We look forward to the remainder of fiscal 2025 and providing the value you come to expect from us. Now, let me hand it over to Joel Reiss, our TransDigm Group Co-COO, to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Joel Reiss: Good morning. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2024. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. The market discussion includes the 2024 acquisitions in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue decreased approximately 4% in Q1 compared with the prior year period. Commercial transport OEM, this is largely Boeing and Airbus, was down 1%. Biz jet and helicopter OEM revenue was down 8%. Sequentially, total commercial OEM revenues contracted by 17% in Q1. Bookings in the quarter were solid, up both sequentially and against prior year Q1. Our commercial OEM business was impacted in the quarter by the Boeing machine of strike, which affected at 737 MAX, 767 and 777 production lines. In total, the strike and subsequent production restart lasted roughly 12 weeks, specific to TransDigm since we shipped direct as well as through sub-tiers on the affected platforms. The impact across our businesses is uneven and varied. Boeing's receiving docks were closed during the strike, while some sub-tiers continue to drive consistent demand. This will likely cause further commercial OEM impact into the balance of the year. It is too soon to determine, how much of an impact the strike will have, what is a fragile supply chain recovery, precisely predicting the ramp-up and the flow through to the supply chain is tough. However, the commercial OEM guidance we are reiterating today contains what we believe is an appropriate level of risk around the 737 MAX, 767 and 777 production build rates for the 2025 fiscal year. As we noted on our last earnings call, shortly after the strike began, we proactively initiated cost reduction initiatives across our operating units to right-size our structure to account for the lower 2025 OEM production environment. These cost reduction initiatives span furloughs, headcount reduction, hiring freezes, acceleration of productivity projects and a range of other actions aimed at reducing expenses. These initiatives enabled us to beat our Q1 and active productivity target and put us in a good position for the year. In addition, as is typical for us, we will add resources judiciously as we see the higher ramp rate materialize. The business jet helicopter miss in quarter one versus prior year is primarily timing related, but we were also impacted by the four-week Textron strike. Bookings were up nicely in Q1 over the same period last year, which should set us up for growth in the balance of the year. Now, moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 9% compared with the prior year period. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by about 4% compared to Q4 2024. Commercial aftermarket bookings were solid compared to prior year. Bookings and shipments are running in line with our expectations, and continue to support our unchanged 2025 commercial aftermarket guidance of high single-digit to low double-digit revenue growth. As a reminder, and as we've said many times before, the commercial aftermarket can be lumpy and when forecasting our commercial aftermarket, we always focus on 12-month trends, not quarterly trends. Our commercial aftermarket is made up of four submarkets, passenger, interior, freight and business jet. This quarter, the growth across four submarkets was vary, but not significantly disconnected from what we had anticipated. All four submarkets revenue increased versus Q1 of last year. Business Jet was stronger and freight weaker than the total commercial aftermarket 90% growth rate. The passenger submarket performed in line with the overall commercial aftermarket rate of growth. Within our passenger segment, operating units with higher engine content posted very solid growth well in excess of those with non-engine content. Additionally, quarter one point of sales data from our distribution partners increased well into double digits first quarter one of last year. These factors give us confidence we will achieve the commercial aftermarket growth rate guidance for fiscal 2025. Turning to broader market dynamics and referencing the most recent IATA traffic data for December. Global revenue passenger miles have continued to surpass pre-pandemic levels since February of 2024. 2024 air traffic increased 10.4% above 2023 and is about 3.8% above pre-pandemic levels. RPKs in December were up 8.6% versus prior year. While ASKs were up 5.6% as passenger load factor is a near record highs of 84%, driving the additional upside. IATA currently expects traffic to reach 113% of 2019 levels in 2025 and to surpass prior year traffic by 8%. Domestic travel also continues to surpass pre-pandemic levels. In the most recently reported traffic data, global domestic air traffic was up 5.7% compared to 2023 and 9.7% compared to 2019. Domestic air travel growth has been driven significantly by outsized growth in China, where air travel was up 20.2% compared to 2019. International traffic continues to trend upwards and has been above pre-pandemic levels for the past few months in the most recently reported data for 2024, international travel was about 0.5% above 2019 levels. Most international markets saw stable growth with Asia Pacific, the major driver of the increase. Shifting to our defense market, which is traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 11% compared with the prior year period. Q1 defense revenue growth was well distributed across our businesses and customer base. We saw similar growth in both the OEM and aftermarket components of our total defense market. With the aftermarket running slightly ahead of OEM. Defense bookings for the quarter were healthy compared to the prior year and continue to support our unchanged 2025 defense guidance of high single-digit revenue growth. However, as you know, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy and forecasting them with precision on a quarterly basis is difficult. Similar to my commercial aftermarket commentary, the defense growth rates could also be uneven over the individual quarters of 2025. In addition, we continue to see steady improvements in on-time delivery and other key customer performance metrics, which are now approaching 2019 levels with improving supply chain performance, we are on track to surpass those levels later this year. We also saw good new business awards and bookings in the quarter in both commercial and defense markets. Core Electronics was selected by a major OEM as the provider of a flight deck control panel systems for a new derivative platform. As the incumbent on other platforms with this customer, Cory was well positioned to be responsive to their time line, providing the right technology, customization and capability required in an exceptionally short period of time. In addition to Cory Electronics, we had solid awards during the quarter at Airborne Systems North America, Armtec, Calspan and Chelton Limited within the quarter. During the quarter, we saw our succession planning at work with one executive EVP retirement and two EVP promotions. Pete Palmer, after an impressive 25-year career with TransDigm has retired. Pete began as a product line manager of AdelWiggins and evolved into a key leader within our organization. His contribution span multiple areas, including mergers and acquisitions, serving as President of several business units, playing a pivotal role in the Esterline integration and spearheading our TransDigm University leadership development program in partnership with the University of Southern California. We extend our heartfelt thanks to Pete for his dedication and wish him a well-deserved relaxing retirement. With Pete's retirement and the acquisitions made in 2024, we promoted two accomplished leaders to Executive Vice President roles. Jason Marlin, who joined us has accumulated 17 years of experience across several TransDigm operating units. His most recent role was as President of Champion Aerospace and Liberty, South Carolina. Jason was promoted in October, and now we'll oversee six operating units. Similarly, Chris Blackburn, who has served with TransDigm for 11 years was promoted in November. Chris has held leadership roles across multiple units, including his most recent position as President of Airborne Systems North America. Like Jason, Chris will be responsible for over six operating units. We are confident that both Jason and Chris will continue driving operational excellence and value creation across the organization. Lastly, I'd like to wrap-up by expressing how pleased I am by our operational performance in the first quarter. There was a very good start to our fiscal 2025. As we progress further into fiscal 2025, our management teams remain focused on our consistent operating strategy and servicing the strong demand for our products. With that, I would like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Sarah Wynne.
Sarah Wynne: Thanks, Joel, and good morning, everyone. I'll recap the financial highlights for the first quarter and then provide some more information on the guidance. First, on organic growth and liquidity. In the first quarter, our organic growth rate was 6.6%, driven by our commercial aftermarket and defense market channels, as Kevin and Joel have just discussed. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally defined as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was over $800 million for the quarter. This is higher than our average free cash flow conversion due to the timing of our interest and tax payments. This will normalize throughout the year as our interest and tax payments will pick up next quarter. For the full fiscal year, our free cash flow guidance is unchanged. We continue to expect to generate free cash flow of approximately $2.3 billion in fiscal 2025. Below the free cash flow line, net working capital usage was neutral for the quarter. For the full year, we expect working capital to end roughly in line with historical levels as a percentage of sales. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.5 million of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 5.3 times, up from 4.5 times at the end of last quarter after paying out the $75 dividend earlier in Q1. While we don't target a specific amount of cash that we like to have on hand, we have sufficient capital available through both cash on hand as well as incremental debt capacity to support all potential M&A activity in the pipeline. As a reminder, we are comfortable operating the 5% to 7% net debt-EBITDA ratio range. And while we are currently sitting on the low end of this range, our go-forward strategy, capital deployment has not changed. Our EBITDA to interest expense coverage ratio ended the quarter at 3.4 times, which provides us comfortable cushion versus our target of two to three times. Regarding our debt, our nearest term maturity is 2027, and we remain approximately 75% hedged on a total $25 billion gross debt balance through our fiscal 2027. This is achieved through a combination of fixed rate notes, interest rate caps swaps and collars. This provides us plenty of protection at least in the medium-term. As Kevin mentioned, during the quarter, we opportunistically repurchased approximately 250,000 shares, deploying just over $300 million of cash. We continue to seek the best opportunities for providing value to our shareholders through our leverage strategy. On a go-forward basis, we expect to continue to both proactively and prudently manage our debt maturity steps, which for us is pushing out any near-term maturities well in advance of the final maturity date. With regard to guidance, as Kevin mentioned, we maintained our prior guidance for sales and EBITDA. Our adjusted EPS guidance is up slightly, now at $36.47 compared to the prior guidance of $36.32. The increase is due to the approximately 250,000 shares we repurchased during the quarter. As we sit here today, from an overall cash, liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via dividends or share repurchases. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Wolf Research. Your line is open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. In the first quarter margins were expected to be down sequentially. They were, obviously, they were up sequentially. Curious if you can comment on that. And also the contract loss amortization was running pretty hot. What's causing that to go up in level? And then what's the expectation for the full year? Thanks.
Sarah Wynne: Sure, Myles, this is Sarah. I'll take those. So in Q1, the higher EBITDA margin, obviously, is primarily driven from the significant mix shift we had in the quarter for commercial OEM to commercial aftermarket. And then also, we have good productivity projects, but the mix is the primary piece of that. On the lost contracts, I think you obviously saw that in the table there. These are some of those contracts that we purchased with Esterline. So they're still lumpy as they flow out. There's been no new bus nothing else added to it, but that's what you see flowing out and there was just some timing on some of that in Q1 for this quarter, for this year.
Myles Walton: Okay. And just a quick one. The gain on sale, what was sold in the quarter?
Kevin Stein: We had a Mass business
Sarah Wynne: Sorry, on the gain on sale, yes. We sold a small piece called Mass Systems in the quarter. We bought it a few years ago, much to improve it and sold at a profit.
Kevin Stein: It came along with
Sarah Wynne: Carbon [ph].
Kevin Stein: Yeah, another acquisition, very close to the Russian border and it made mass -- communication mass for troops on the ground, and it really wasn't a business we wanted to be in.
Myles Walton: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Maybe just staying on the margins since they were up nicely year-over-year. I guess, the guidance for the year at the midpoint would imply that, that EBITDA margin is essentially flat through the rest of the year. And I think you usually have some seasonality where it expands through the year. Your recently acquired revenue would become less recently acquired. What would drive the margin to be flat through the year?
Kevin Stein: We have to factor in the acquisitions we made are certainly averaging us down. I think that mixes us down up to 1% about -- we saw a special situation in the first quarter with the strike and OEM being down quite surprisingly from where we forecast. But I think it's -- we aim to be conservative. So hopefully, we're conservative and it might look like we are once again. But we don't try to get out over our skis too much on forecasting the future. We'll see how it unfolds.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then, Kevin, just wanted to ask about the commercial transport aftermarket. I guess, are you surprised to have two quarters in a row of up seven seat miles are still growing a little faster than that. It seems like pricing is still nicely positive year-over-year. Can you talk about a little more about what you're seeing there? Is it just random? Or is it just the compares? I know, the compares get a decent amount easier for the rest of year?
Kevin Stein: Yes, some of it probably is comparison we're up 33% from Q1 of FY 2023 in commercial transport. We're kind of seeing some very pieces. As I talked about in the submarket, our freight continues to be a bit of a drag, although bookings were up significantly, and we think the freight's kind of bottomed out at this point. Our engine businesses we have are doing significantly better than what the kind of the overall numbers. It's just right now kind of just the kind of mix of where we're at. It was slightly better than what we had anticipated when we were putting out the initial kind of look last quarter. So for us, it's roughly in line. It's part of the lumpiness of what we expect the commercial aftermarket to be.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Maybe I'll ask Noah's question in a slightly different way. You got the 1Q actuals here. But if you look at these various subcomponents of the aerospace aftermarket, where do you expect there to be improvement that would get you to that low double-digit number for the full year?
Kevin Stein: So we don't provide the specific guidance into the submarkets. Having said that, I think as we've highlighted before, freight, we think, is kind of bottomed out and expect that to continue to improve. The interim business has continued. I would think, to continue to do well. Beyond that, I think we're going to see the -- I think the way we look at it as all of the sectors continue to have the right kind of components behind it of good passenger traffic and an aging aircraft marketplace, so I think we'll continue to see the growth across all of the submarkets.
Robert Stallard: And then one for Kevin, tariffs. I was wondering what, sort of, exposure trends that I might have with regards to tariff that could be through Europe, we got the Canada and Mexico ones as well. And what plans do you put in place as a contingency? Thank you.
Kevin Stein: So we've looked at this across our business. The good news is TransDigm is a domestic manufacturer. We don't import a lot of products to manufacture. So that's to our advantage in this. We've analyzed and I guess it depends on how you answer the question where the tariff is going to be implemented. It seems like Mexico and Canada are on a delay. And China is being implemented. We don't do a lot in China any longer. We have, I think, relocated production out of China where possible and don't utilize that location a lot. So we think tariffs for us across the board will be de minimis to the corporation. Again, we're largely a domestic manufacturer.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
David Strauss: Kevin, I think you had -- on the last call, you had mentioned that Q1 would be the weakest aftermarket quarter, did the aftermarket end up coming in a little bit better than you would have thought back then?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think it did come in a little bit stronger, which was a pleasant surprise to us. It's always difficult to forecast this as Joel and Mike will always say aftermarket is book and ship largely. So it's difficult to forecast.
David Strauss: Okay. And on aftermarket volumes, can you give us -- I know you've given us at a high level where you think it is relative to 2019. Can you give us any idea by the different submarkets where you think volumes are relative to 2019?
Kevin Stein: I think as everything is above pre-pandemic levels, except for probably our interior businesses. Interiors is driven a lot by the refurb market and refurb really has not come back to where it was back in 2018, 2019. I think as we've talked about this a few times in the last year or so, we keep thinking it's going to happen that it slides a little bit to the right. The refurb programs we've seen announced are generally smaller than what was then back happening in 2018, 2019. Freight had come back in 2020 during the pandemic. 2021, I think, was a peak year until this year. So I think freight is doing well. BizJet is well above where it was pre-pandemic levels as the overall market. So I think as we look at it, really the only area that's lagging today is the interior ease and exactly when that will come back, it's real, just going to be dependent, I think, around when the refurb market comes back when you see the larger OEM -- the larger airlines refreshing their interior.
David Strauss: Okay. And Joel, can you remind us how much freight is of your total aftermarket?
Joel Reiss: It is about 15% or so, 15%, 20% range. It kind of varies and bounces around, but that's the general range.
David Strauss: That's a total or commercial?
Joel Reiss: Commercial, sorry. Yes, commercial.
David Strauss: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Mikus with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Mikus: Good morning, Kevin, Joel, Sarah. Boeing has laid out a fairly aggressive production ramp post strike at least the targets day and Airbus both have a track record of not hitting their stated production rate. So I'm just curious, are your operating units receiving orders from Boeing that support a ramp to 38 per month or higher in the back half of this year on the 737?
Joel Reiss: So we're typically not getting orders out for what would be the back end of the year yet or lead times are typically shorter than that. We're certainly optimistic that Boeing is going to get back up to the rate of 38%. Today, we're probably seeing about half of that we're optimistic that, as I said, the number will move up during the year, and we're prepared to do that. We'll add people as necessary. Yes, and since we're hopeful they can hit their numbers.
Scott Mikus: Okay. And then you mentioned the M&A pipeline remains active. But in the quarter, you bought back $316 million of stock. So just curious, are valuations for acquisition targets just too elevated relative to the quality of the assets? Or do you think that your stock is trading at a very attractive price?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We're always looking to opportunistically return capital to our shareholders. There was a lot of turmoil in the market, stock fell. We took it opportunistically to buy back some shares. That's really all there is to it. It doesn't say anything about the M&A market, and it wasn't a lot of cash that we used. It was just an opportunity to quickly return cash -- or capital to the shareholders.
Scott Mikus: Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ken Herbert: Hi. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Ken Herbert: Can you remind us what percent of aftermarket engine represents? And maybe how much over the up nine was the engine in the first quarter?
Joel Reiss: So it bounces around for us. It's not immaterial. It was up significantly more than the 9%.
Ken Herbert: Okay. And obviously, as we think about that, we think about Champion Jason's business, but is it fair to say that your engine exposure is market weighted? Or are you disproportionately have disproportionately higher content on any engine types?
Joel Reiss: No, we think we're market weighted across the board.
Ken Herbert: Great. And are you seeing any incremental pressure in -- on pricing across any of the submarkets within the aftermarket relative to maybe where you were three months ago?
Joel Reiss: I don't think hearing anything specific different from pricing. Our typical approach to pricing is unchanged. We're basically looking to cover our inflationary costs and then a little bit more. And I don't know that we've seen anything significantly different than that.
Ken Herbert: Perfect. Thanks, Joel.
Joel Reiss: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Scott Deuschle: Hey good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Scott Deuschle: Kevin, did the OEM contract renegotiation you've spoken about in the recent past conclude, or is that contract still being negotiated?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We successfully closed out the contract Patrick Murphy, one of our EVP has led the negotiation and we were able to close it out. I think was in December.
Scott Deuschle: Okay. And were there any retroactive developments to that negotiation that would have helped OE pricing in the quarter just concluded?
Kevin Stein: No, the contract, it was expiring at the end of December. So the new contracts started January 1st. So there was no retroactive aspect to it.
Scott Deuschle: Okay. And then just to clarify, is the duration of the new contract the same as the duration of the contract that it's replacing? Or did you move to something shorter term in nature?
Kevin Stein: Yeah, it was the same.
Scott Deuschle: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey, good morning guys. Maybe just on that last question, Joel. I think it was you or Kevin. If we -- just how do we think about profitability overall, just the flattening out? Is it OE coming back up from down four to mid-single digits? And does the new contract have any changes in your profitability profile?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think the contract and OEM business is already in our forecast. So I don't -- there's not going to be any incremental improvements or anything. Anything else to share on that, Joel.
Joel Reiss: No, that's right.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. And then maybe if I could ask one on the aftermarket. Interiors, I think that's the only sub-segment below 2019 levels. How can we think about what's driving that when you expect that to improve? Does it come in a wave, or should we see it just a gradual improvement?
Joel Reiss: I'm not sure that I could give you any great extra insight really its what it will be is when you see the airlines start announcing a refurb program. I mean, it's not the refurb business is zero. It's well-below the kind of typical levels. There are several programs we're hearing about. The question will be is what will drive the numbers of multiple programs for us at the same time as opposed to this is sort of a slow wave of what that looks like. But the lead times will be long, I'm sure we'll be -- we'll have seen that coming, and we'll be able to provide some color as that's coming back. I don't know that that today, we see it's within the next quarter or two.
Kevin Stein: I think it's also difficult to take planes out of service to refurbish interiors when you don't have enough claim deliveries from the OEMs. So I think all these things were complicated. Yeah, that's sort of a complicated relationship.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Sure. Make sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much, and good morning everyone. Just maybe go back a little bit to the aftermarket point we touched on a little earlier, things being a little stronger in the first half. In the first quarter, I think you talked about the first quarter being the lowest of the year and the comps particularly in the fourth quarter start to get easier. Does anything change in your view of the rest of year? Or should we still think that there's no reason why we wouldn't see growth below, there's no reason we should see growth below what we saw in the first quarter and growth should ascend from here?
Joel Reiss: I don't think we have anything to kind of change from the guidance we provided to you before. But what we say all the time is the aftermarket is lumpy. I mean the vast majority of our orders book and ship in the same quarter. So we try to look at what the trends are, and there's nothing in the market dynamics today that make us think there's a significant change from what we're seeing today.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Okay. And then I guess if you were ever to make an acquisition from one of your customers, would there ever be an opportunity to pay for that acquisition, pay for a portion of that acquisition in the form of pricing rather than cash?
Kevin Stein: Certainly hasn't ever come up four. We're opportunistic in everything we do, but that's not our usual process.
Seth Seifman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello, everyone. This is Mariana on for Ron today. So in the prepared remarks, you talked about the M&A pipeline and how you have a mix of like Smith cap names and also some large opportunities. Like could you mind discussing, what is the mix of like our space and defense companies versus other industrials? And where are you really seeing opportunities in M&A?
Kevin Stein: This is all aerospace and defense. We are looking outside of aerospace and defense. So small, medium and large opportunities come along, a lot less on the large side. If something is in the market on the aerospace and defense side, we're going to look at it quite seriously. And that's all I can probably comment on the M&A pipeline there. It's very busy, much like last year. There's probably even more EBITDA in the pipeline this year than last year, but you just can't predict how things are going to close.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And then after the OE slow down this quarter, and with your more like aggressive or not aggressive, but like you have a good view and outlook for the year on OE, what are your channel checks saying you about like inventories in the supply chain? Like how do you address that uncertainty about like item-by-item inventories in the supply chain?
Kevin Stein: We don't get -- we've never had much visibility to inventory in the supply chain. The only thing we see is our distribution partners on the aftermarket side. The OEM partners, they don't give us much inventory visibility. So we're simply guessing, listening to people, getting feedback. It does seem like there's been some inventory buildup over time that is working its way through in certain pieces, and we're just going to have to see how this plays out. We don't have any additional visibility except the orders that we received from our customers. We fulfill them quickly. We're a reliable supplier, high quality, high delivery accuracy. So our customers know they can count on us.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much
Operator: Thank you. Please stand-by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Gursky: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Kevin Stein : Good morning.
Jason Gursky: Kevin and others, just a quick question on the refurbishment work to put a finer point on this. Can you -- I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I would maybe want to get you to comment on the cycle there. So it does seem like it is going to be tied to airlines getting more consistent supply from their OEM partners, so that they can do some fleet planning and maybe take some aircraft out of service to go do this refurbishment work. I just want to confirm that, that's what you're thinking. And then how big is this for you all? Is this going to be a meaningful contributor to your aftermarket growth once the cycle actually picks up?
Joel Reiss : So I think yes, to answer your question, the beginning part, certainly, the airline's ability to take planes out of service is a key aspect to it, and you can't pull cleanout to do the work as you'd rather have it flying. I think it's -- you'll see the interior percentage jump up significantly. But in terms of total for our business, don't this is a significant piece to the total. It's just the one piece remaining of our commercial aftermarket that just kind of continues to lag below the 2019 levels.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Got it. And then, look, I know you're saying that you don't track inventory levels with a great level of detail and specificity, but your comment about you're shipping into Boeing at production rates that are half where they are today. They talk about the need to wind down inventory. They're carrying too much given the fact that they ingested so much last year and weren't sitting out nearly as much as they were ingesting. You just went through a big contract negotiation with them. I'm wondering if you just can't give us a little bit more insight on what you're hearing from your major customers on inventory unwinds, because they've been pretty public about it. And how long that might last and impact you all?
Kevin Stein: I would just start to answer. I mean, this is why our commercial OEM forecast was lower at mid single digits than maybe some would have expected as this has all led to this somewhat confusion in the supply chain. I don't think we're getting as directed clear input from some of the OEM suppliers as some in the market would think there's not a lot of clear communication. They're working through a lot of challenges right now.
Joel Reiss: Yes. What I was going to add is, our operating units at a detailed level, roughly know how many units of each product they have that goes on a plane. And so they work to build up a bottoms-up forecast based on what we believe the OEM build rate will be and so they're trying to take into account if they've been over shipping last year. They were over shipping in this quarter, what it looks like over the balance of the year. So we don't have a top-down piece, but each of our units works to pull that together, and that's what ultimately drove our guidance for the balance of the year, as Kevin said.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the interest of time, our final question will come from the line of Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna : Yes. Thanks. Good morning guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna : I was wondering if you could comment as you have in prior quarters about what you're seeing in the distribution channel into the aftermarket point-of-sale data relative to what you guys were experiencing on the manufacturing side?
Kevin Stein: It's running ahead. Joel, you want to...
Joel Reiss: Yeah. It's currently running ahead. It's a different mix. We looked at the mix of TransDigm commercial aftermarket versus the mix of our distribution. They're not quite the same as we look at it into each of the submarkets; it's roughly in line with what we would expect it to be. But it is in total running above what our overall commercial market is. As I said in the opening remarks, it's running into the double-digits versus our 9%.
Gautam Khanna: Got you. And that's a couple of quarters now, right, where it's been running ahead. And that's more of a leading indicator.
Kevin Stein: Several quarters. So we think of it as a -- it should be a good leading indicator. It's where we have visibility on inventory and POS sales granular. So yes, it should be a good indicator of future.
Gautam Khanna: Great. And then my last one, just on the new administration and how is TransDigm kind of working constructively with them and your thoughts on DOGE, and I'll just leave it open ended, but...
Kevin Stein: That's a great question. I anticipated this earlier, I think, in the Q&A. DOGE is -- it's a great opportunity for the US to improve and streamline what they're doing, specifically with government DoD, DLA procurement. We think this is a really good thing. We've been engaging with the DoD over the past several years and have suggested a number of improved forecasting inventory management and improved buying practices that would save the government money and save us time and energy and production. So we invite all inquiry and assistance. I've met with some of the DOGE folks in D.C. It's important to remember that TransDigm is a very small supplier. I think we're 0.3% of the DLA budgets and this amounts to less than 1% or somewhere around 1% of our revenue, are these types of products that would fall under a concern of DOGE. We see this only as an opportunity for TransDigm, the government, the DoD to improve what we're doing together. So we warrant any and all inquiries and work together to come up with a stronger solution in the future. So that's really where we're at. It's a small part of our business is supplying spare parts to the government. The bulk of what we do is either falls under Tenet today, which is fully cost disclosed? Or is commercial of the type or competitive that's bulk of our business falls under those three categories. So we invite the work that we need to do together to improve how we work together with the government. So that's, I guess, our answer.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back to Jamie for closing remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes today's call. We appreciate your time. Have a good rest of your day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2024 TransDigm Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2024 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigms President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Co-Chief Operating Officer, Mike Lisman; and Chief Financial Officer, Sarah Wynne. Also present for the call today is our Co-Chief Operating Officer, Joel Reiss. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the companys latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discuss our fiscal 2025 outlook, then Mike and Sarah will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we believe we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in both good times and bad, as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy specifically. We first own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit the strategy where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocation are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we closed out the year with another good quarter. We had solid operating performance in Q4 with both total revenue and EBITDA as defined margin coming in strong. For the full year, fiscal 2024 revenue came in above the high end of our most recently published guidance in our fiscal 2024 EBITDA as defined margin surpassed the guidance. Commercial aerospace market trends remain favorable in the industry. The commercial aftermarket has normalized as global air traffic continues to surpass pre-pandemic levels and demand for travel persists. In the commercial OEM market, there is still much progress to be made for OEM rates and our results continue to be adversely affected in comparison to pre-pandemic productions. Airline demand for new aircraft remains high and the OEMs are working to increase aircraft production. However, OEM aircraft production rates remain well below pre-pandemic levels as it struggles and the OEM supply chain persists and the lingering effects of the recently resolved machinists strike at Boeing likely pushes the OEM recovery further to the right. In our business, during the quarter, we saw a healthy growth in our revenues for all 3 of our major market channels; Commercial OEM, Commercial aftermarket and Defense. Our EBITDA as defined margin was 52.6% in the quarter, contributing to the strong Q4 margin is the continued strength in our commercial aftermarket, along with diligent focus on our operating strategy, which is allowing margin performance to expand across all segments. Additionally, we had strong operating cash flow generation in Q4 of over $570 million and ended the quarter with almost $6.3 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash through 2025. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. During fiscal '24, we are pleased to have allocated approximately $6.5 billion of capital in the aggregate across M&A and return of capital to our shareholders. Specifically, these activities included the acquisition of SCI Industries, CPI Electron Device business, Raptor Scientific, among others, and a special dividend of $75 per share. This dividend of $75 is our largest to date. As you know, we are continuously assessing our capital allocation options, and we are very pleased to return this capital to our shareholders. Regarding the current M&A activities of pipeline, we continue to actively look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the time horizon, we continue to see an expanding pipeline of potential M&A targets, as we demonstrated this year, and we do not see this environment slowing in the near term. As usual, the potential targets are mostly in the small and midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. The capital allocation priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. Our first priority is to reinvest in our businesses; second, to accretive disciplined M&A; and third, return capital to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends. A fourth option paying down debt seems unlikely at this time, though we do still take this into consideration. We are continually evaluating all of our capital allocation options, but both M&A and capital markets are difficult to predict. As always, we continue to closely monitor the capital markets and remain opportunistic. As mentioned earlier, we exited fiscal '24 with a sizable cash balance of almost $6.3 billion. Pro forma for the special dividend paid in October, we still have a sizable cash balance of around $2 billion. Our capital allocation actions still leave us with significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. Moving to our outlook for fiscal 2025. The guidance assumes no additional acquisitions or divestitures and is based on current expectations for continued performance in our primary commercial end markets throughout fiscal 2025. Our initial guidance for fiscal 2025 is as follows and can also be found on Slide 7 in the presentation. The midpoint of our fiscal 2025 revenue guidance is $8.85 billion or up approximately 11%. As a reminder, and consistent with past years, with roughly 10% less working days than the subsequent quarters, fiscal 2025 Q1 revenues, EBITDA and EBITDA margins are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters of 2025. This revenue guidance is based on the following market channel growth rate assumptions. We expect commercial OEM revenue growth in the mid-single-digit percentage range, which is highly dependent on the evolution of the production rates in the commercial OEM environment. Commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range and defense revenue growth in the high single-digit percentage range. The midpoint of fiscal 2025 EBITDA as defined guidance is $4.685 billion or up approximately 12% with an expected margin of around 52.9%. This guidance includes about an additional 70 basis points of margin dilution from recent acquisitions. We anticipate EBITDA margins will move up throughout the year with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4 of our fiscal 2024. The midpoint of adjusted EPS is anticipated to be $36.32 or up approximately 7%. Sarah will discuss in more detail shortly the factors impacting EPS along with some other fiscal 2025 financial assumptions and updates. We believe we are well positioned as we enter fiscal 2025. As usual, we continue to closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I am very pleased with the company's performance this year. We remain focused on our value drivers, cost structure and operational excellence. We look forward to fiscal 2025 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. Now let me hand it over to Mike Lisman, our TransDigm Group Co-COO, to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Mike Lisman: Good morning. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2023. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. The market discussion includes the recent acquisitions of SEI Industries, the CPI Electron Device business and Raptor Scientific in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 13% in Q4 and 20% for full fiscal year 2024 compared with the prior year period. Sequentially, total commercial OEM revenues contracted by 4% in Q4. Bookings in the quarter were solid and without too much negative impact from the Boeing strike as this hit only the last 17 days of the quarter. We are happy to see that Boeing and the IAM have reached an agreement, but the OEM supplier landscape is now once again in a difficult position. Prior to the strike, challenges seen across the aerospace OEM supply sector these last few years were continuing to ease, but that recovery remains somewhat fragile. The near eight-week production line shutdown will likely exacerbate the situation. Time will tell how this plays out. Specific to TransDigm, since we shift to both Boeing as well as sub tiers on the affected platforms the impact across our businesses is uneven and varied. The commercial OEM guidance we're giving today contains what we believe is an appropriate level of risk around the MAX, 767 and 777 production build rates for the 2025 fiscal year. As most of you know, we are quite diversified across all commercial and defense platforms with the majority of our revenue and even more so EBITDA derived from the aftermarket. Accurately predicting OEM billing rates for 2025 as we sit here today is a difficult task. Now that an agreement has been reached, we expect the ramp-up back to the previously targeted monthly production rates to be significantly delayed. On the backside of prior strikes, most recently 2008, production rates have taken close to one year to recover the pre-strike monthly rates. This means a lower OEM production environment in our fiscal 2025 than we expected one quarter ago on our last earnings call. To prepare for this, during recent weeks, we proactively initiated cost reduction initiatives across our operating units to right-size our structure for this lower 2025 OEM production environment. These cost reduction initiatives span furloughs, headcount reductions, timeline accelerations of productivity projects and a range of other actions aimed at reducing expenses. Now moving on to our Commercial Aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 8% in Q4 and 12% for full fiscal year 2024 and compared with the prior year periods. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues were roughly flat in Q4. With regards to our commercial aftermarket rate of growth, the 8% year-over-year increase we saw this quarter was a bit lighter than we previously expected. As we've said many times before, commercial aftermarket can be lumpy. So we always focus on 12-month trends not quarterly trends. Our commercial aftermarket is made up of four submarkets: passenger, interior, freight and business jet. This quarter, growth seen across the four submarkets was still varied, but not quite as disconnected as in the first three quarters of this year. All four submarkets increased versus Q4 of last year. Business Jet was a bit stronger and Freight weaker than the total commercial aftermarket 8% growth rate. In the fourth quarter, the passenger submarket performed in line with the overall commercial aftermarket rate of growth. Q4 point of sales data from our distribution partners increased well into the double-digits, approaching 20% versus Q4 of last year. For the full year, our passenger submarket remained the strongest of the group and was up nicely, exceeding our original expectations. In particular, within our passenger segment, operating units with higher engine content posted very solid growth in excess of those with non-engine content and again above our expectations for the year. Staying on the full year theme, freight, biz jet and interior all underperformed versus our original expectations. Finally, bookings nicely exceeded sales for the full year. These factors give us confidence we will achieve the commercial aftermarket growth rate guidance, which Kevin provided for fiscal 2025. With regard to how commercial aftermarket revenue was likely to progress throughout fiscal 2025, two quick notes. First, Q1 is expected to be the lowest quarter of the year on a sales dollar basis, owing to the 10% fewer working days. And second, Q1 of fiscal 2025 will also likely be the lowest quarter on a percentage growth basis, owing to some recent softness on bookings and timing that dictates what falls into the quarter from a shipment standpoint. Now turning to broader market dynamics and referencing the most recent IATA traffic data for September. Global revenue passenger miles have continued to surpass the pandemic levels since February 2024. September 2024 air traffic was about 4% above pre-pandemic. IATA currently expects traffic to reach 104% of 2019 levels in 2024 and surpassed prior year traffic by 12%. Domestic travel continues to surpass pre-pandemic levels. And the most recently reported traffic data for September, local domestic air traffic was up 9% compared 2019. Domestic air travel growth has been driven significantly by outsized growth in China, where air travel was up 16% in September compared to pre-pandemic. Shifting over to the U.S., domestic air travel for September was up 8% versus 2019 levels. International traffic has generally hovered slightly above or below pre-pandemic levels for the past few months but is up nicely from where it was one year ago. And the most recently reported data for September, International, about 2% above pre-pandemic levels and this has improved from being 93% of 2019 levels one year ago. In summary, for the commercial aftermarket as we head into 2025, things continue to shape up nicely. As we stated on prior earnings calls, now the passenger traffic has returned to pre-pandemic levels, and with it, our volume, which is now running slightly ahead of 2019 levels, the commercial aftermarket rate of growth would moderate a bit and you see this in our guidance for 2025. With regards to the submarkets in 2025, we expect continued growth in our passenger and interior submarkets driven by the positive trends in passenger traffic aided slightly by older aircraft continuing to fly for longer. Business Jet is likely to continue to bounce around, but should return to growth over the full year. Freight will start to lap easier comps in our fiscal 2025, so we expect stronger performance there and a return to positive growth trends. As you know, on a quarterly basis, commercial aftermarket will be lumpy, so we are sure that the path to the growth expectations I mentioned will be uneven over the course of the coming year. Now shifting to our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 16% Q4 and 19% for the full fiscal year 2024 compared with the prior year periods. Q4 defense revenue growth was well distributed across our businesses and customer base. Additionally, we saw similar rates of growth in both the OEM and aftermarket components of our total defense market with OEM running slightly ahead of aftermarket. Defense bookings for the full year significantly surpassed the prior year and support the 2025 guidance for high single-digit revenue growth. Additionally, we saw growth in U.S. government defense spend outlays during Q4. As you know, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy and forecasting them with precision on a quarterly basis is difficult. They can get bigger or smaller in size and pull left or push right on timing. So similar to my commercial aftermarket commentary, the defense growth rates could also be uneven over the individual quarters 2025. Lastly, I'd like to finish by recognizing the strong efforts and accomplishments of our 51 operating unit teams during fiscal 2024. It was a good year, and we're pleased with the operating performance they delivered for our shareholders. As we enter into our new fiscal year, our management teams remain committed to our consistent operating strategy, servicing strong demand for our products and should our 2025 growth expectations prove too conservative with demand for our products coming in stronger than we've outlined here today. The operating unit team will be ready to step up and meet the higher demand. With that, I would like to turn it over to our CFO, Sarah Wynne.
Sarah Wynne: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I want to review a few additional financial matters for fiscal 2024 and then also our expectations for fiscal 2025. First, a few additional fiscal 2024 data points on organic growth, taxes and liquidity. In the fourth quarter, our organic growth rate was 12.2% and all market channels contributed to this growth as Kevin and Mike just discussed. On taxes, our GAAP and adjusted tax rate finished the year within their expected ranges. Our fiscal 2024 GAAP tax rate was 22.6% and the adjusted rate was 24%. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally defined as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $2.3 billion for the year. Below that free cash flow line, net working capital consumed approximately $200 million, and the final net working capital ended the year roughly in line with historical levels as a percentage of sales. As Kevin mentioned, we ended the year with approximately $6.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet or around $2 billion when pro forma for the $75 dividend that paid out on October 18. At year-end, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 4.4 times, down from the 4.6 at the end of last quarter. Pro forma for the $75 share dividend, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is 5.4 times. While we don't target a specific amount of cash that we like to have on hand, we have sufficient capital available through both cash on hand as well as incremental debt capacity to support all potential M&A in the pipeline. Over the course of fiscal 2024, we did a fair bit of financing. We raised $5 billion of capital, $2 billion to fund the acquisition of CPI, announced earlier in year and $3 billion in support of the $4.3 billion return of cash to our shareholders in the form of a $75 dividend. We continue to be comfortable operating in the five to seven net debt-EBITDA ratio range. Our go-forward strategy of capital deployment has not changed, and we continue to seek the best opportunities for providing value to our shareholders through our leverage strategy. In addition, we refinanced various tranches of our debt stack. Our capital allocation strategy is always to both proactively and prudently manage our debt maturity stack. Our nearest time maturity is November 2027, which gives us plenty of protection at least in the short-term. In addition, approximately 75% of our $25 billion gross debt balance is fixed through 2027. This is achieved through a combination of fixed rate notes, interest rate caps, swaps and collars. Next, on the fiscal 2025 expectations, I'm going to give some more details on the financial assumptions around interest expense, taxes and share count. Special note that all of my comments and data here include the payment of the $75 dividend in fiscal 2025. Net interest expense is expected to be about $1.54 billion in fiscal 2025, and this equates to a weighted average interest rate of approximately 6.1%. This estimate assumes an average SOFR rate of 4.4 for the full year. On taxes, our fiscal 2025 GAAP cash and adjusted tax rates are all anticipated to be in the range of 22% to 24%. On the share count, we expect our weighted average shares outstanding to be 58.4 million shares in fiscal 2025. With regards to liquidity and leverage for fiscal 2025, as we would traditionally define our free cash flow from operations at TransDigm, which again is EBITDA as defined less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes, we estimate this metric to be around $2.3 billion. After paying out for the $75 per share dividend and assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market transactions, we would end the year with around $4 billion of cash on the balance sheet, which would imply a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio close to 4 times at the end of fiscal 2025. And as a reminder, there's been no change in our approach to how we think about capital allocation on average with our typical target in the 5 to 7 net debt ratio range. We will continue to watch this ratio along with the cash interest coverage ratio of EBITDA to interest expense as we actively pursue options of maximizing value to our shareholders through our capital allocation strategy. So on a final note that, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders by a buyback or additional dividend during the course of fiscal 2025. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys and everyone. Thank you for the time. So maybe, Kevin, folks are picking on the commercial aftermarket number. When we think about 8% organic growth in the quarter is pretty good, but even acceleration baked into fiscal 2025. I know you mentioned you want to look at 12 months in terms of the performance. Can you maybe talk about the growth in each of your four markets that you expect next year? How you're thinking about passenger performance? Was it in fiscal 2024? And how does it perform in 2025? And why Interiors accelerates in 2025?
Mike Lisman: Sure, Sheila, it's Mike. I will take that one. First, we feel good about the guidance we're giving this morning as we sit here. As you guys know, we've covered us for a while, this is a bottoms-up based approach off unit by off unit as part of our annual plan process where the assumptions that feed into the commercial aftermarket growth are based on dialogue with specific customers by our 51 off-unit teams. This is the same approach we've used going back a while. We feel good about it. It's produced good results, accurate results for us in the past with regard to what's coming in the next 12 months. So we feel good about the guidance as we look at the high single digit to low double digit for commercial aftermarket total. As we head into next year, we obviously took a bit of headwind this year from freight and biz jet, which as we mentioned in the comments, were a little bit weaker than we expected a year ago when gave the guidance for FY 2024. We don't expect that to continue on a percentage basis as we head into FY 2025. We expect both to return to revenue growth. Passenger, which is our largest submarket when the commercial aftermarket should grow up nicely as well, together with the takeoffs and landings that are forecasted as we head into FY 2025. So all in all, things are shaping up well. Specific to interiors that came in a little bit short of expectations in FY 2024, 2025 we'll see we still have aspirations for growth there. I think we've seen a little bit of a slowdown in terms of the airlines being willing to take some aircraft out of service and do the work just because they need to be deployed out there and they can't be pulled in to do some of the interior refers. But we expect good growth in the interiors market well in 2025.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Mike is there any way you could tell us what passenger was in 2024 and how do you think about it in 2025? Does it stay the same or decelerate?
Mike Lisman: So passenger was up nicely in 2024, close to 20%, 17%, 18% sort of ballpark for the passenger segment. And then obviously, the others were below that in terms of the submarkets. It will decelerate a bit heading into next year, just coming down with the takeoffs and landings, the increase versus prior year, but still be nicely positive.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
David Strauss: Good morning. Just following up on that last set of questions, what are you assuming in your aftermarket forecast, I know you've got Biz Jet, Freight, Passenger, all that. What are you assuming just commercial airline revenue passenger miles or ASMs, flight hours however you want to cut it? What are you assuming that grows at over the course of the next 12 months?
Mike Lisman: When we build the forecast that's done at the op unit level. So we don't issue a top-down unit to the op units and say, hey guys, here's what RPM growth is going to be in the coming year and I go to your forecast based on this. Again, it's a bottoms-up approach customer-by-customer part number very detailed at the op unit levels. And again, that's produced for us a more accurate forecast going out the next 12 months. We took that same approach this year. So we don't give them a baked instead of RPM assumptions behind it.
David Strauss: Okay. Got it. And wanted to dig in on the EBITDA margin forecast a little bit, so this past quarter, you did 52.6 which include a firm out of dilution from your recent acquisitions, not just a great mix on the aftermarket side. You talked about -- you typically target around 100 to 150bps a year of margin improvement. And I would think while you're not forecasting a ton of aftermarket growth, the mix looks a bit better with relatively weak OE next year. I assume the underlying acquisition margins get a bit better. Why are you forecasting a bit more in the way margin expansion next year?
Kevin Stein: I think it has to do with acquisition dilution as we go into the new year, when you fold in a about four percentage points, maybe a little more of dilution. That gets us to our 100, 150 basis points of expansion per year that we like to target.
David Strauss: Okay. Yes. I mean I was just taking -- you had the hit from acquisitions in this quarter, and you were 52.6 you're forecasting about 30 bps of improvement off of that at the midpoint for next year. So that's kind of what I was getting at.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I agree. But when you -- most of the acquisitions closed that be closer to the end of the year. So you've got a full year of impact of that dilution in our 2025 forecast or guidance.
David Strauss: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question is from line of Gautam Khanna from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: Wanted to ask about the status of that OEM contract renegotiation renewal, which -- if I recall, the terms kind of expired on the old contract at the end of this calendar year and given there was a strike and what have you. Just wondering what happens. Does that just get pushed out? When would we expect to see final terms on the new contract? And is that baked into your forecast for the fiscal 2025? Thanks
Mike Lisman: A couple of things. Correct on the timing. We're actively working it on the negotiating front. We don't comment too much on active negotiations with our customers, but it is continuing to move along and we have factored in into the guidance some of the impact of those negotiations as it comes out in the coming months as they proceed and get to a final resolution.
Gautam Khanna: And what happens if it's not done by December 31, did the old terms supply or what happens?
Mike Lisman: Boeing is an important customer. We continue to work with them actively to resolve this on a time line in the near term.
Gautam Khanna: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ron Epstein: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Ron Epstein: So M&A is an important part of the story, right? So with the new administration and maybe some changes, do you expect the M&A environment to change? Would there be maybe bigger opportunities, different opportunities for you guys going forward with that change?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I don't really like to speculate on those things. It's somewhat outside of my control and understanding. So I'm not anticipating it will get worse. We are very diligent in how we approach deals and disciplined in the way we analyze them. So we're not pushing any envelope here. We tend to be pretty conservative and disciplined, and I don't see that changing, and I don't see the administration impacting that. Didn't hurt us this last year we came off of what really is a record year in terms of number of transactions and the like, only behind the year of Esterline closing. So a phenomenal year, and I don't see that slowing.
Ron Epstein: Got it, got it, got it, got it. And then maybe another one, along the same lines, if you can answer. Boeing has suggested that they're going to sell some stuff. Is there anything in that pile of stuff that might be attractive to you?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I don't like to speculate on public company assets and M&A. I'm aware, just like I think all of you are aware that there are some larger assets that look possibly attractive, but we'll have to see. It's pretty early on in that. But beyond that, I can't comment.
Ron Epstein: Got it. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Kevin, I think you mentioned that Q4 has come in a little bit below some of your expectations on the aerospace aftermarket and also the bookings in quarter had perhaps been as strong as you thought, that's going to have an impact in Q1. I was wondering if you could elaborate on what might be the causes behind that?
Kevin Stein: You know, it's hard to say exactly, Rob. We've anecdotally heard a little bit about airlines pulling back on inventory and those kind of things. We've not seen too much of it directly at our op units, but there could have been some of an impact there in Q4. With regard to the growth outlook as we head into next year, you look at the forecasted takeoffs and landings in the schedule, we feel good about the guidance as we sit here today. But as I mentioned in my comments, we did see just timing a bit of booking softness in Q4 that will impact some of the quarterly phasing for next year, with Q1 potentially being the lowest on a percentage basis. But for the full year, we feel really good about hitting the high single-digit to low double-digit commercial aftermarket guidance because it's just falling in the market. We look at what the market is doing, and we know our product positions, and we know we should generally follow that and perform well.
Robert Stallard: Right. And then, Mike, this might be a few as well. On that aftermarket guide for 2025, I know you won't give a specific number, but have you assumed normal levels of TransDigm price increases in coming to that forecast?
Mike Lisman: We always aim to slot price slightly ahead of inflation, and that's the same approach we're taking this year.
Robert Stallard: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Mikus: Hi. This is Scott Mikus on for Rob Spingarn. Kevin, Mike, Sarah, if you end the year at four turns of net leverage to get back towards six turns by the end of the year, you need to deploy more than $7 billion of capital. Is that the right way to think about it? And is there any thoughts on what might be used for M&A versus share repos or special dividends over the next 12 months?
Kevin Stein: I'll start on that, and then Sarah can finish it up. I think it is directionally the right way to look at it. We have plenty of dry powder for any of these M&A deals that we're looking at, including the larger things that were commented on earlier, if anything comes to pass. So I think we're in a great position. I give you the priorities of our capital, and that is -- we want to invest in our businesses first. You've seen that from us historically. And then, of course, we're looking for disciplined M&A is the second thing. And then third, we look at returning that to shareholders. We have plenty of available leverage capacity here to go after anything that we see coming along in the marketplace.
Sarah Wynne: Yes. Just to confirm, your -- you turned into the math the same way we did, so yes.
Scott Mikus: Right. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question will comes from the line of Myles Walton from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. I think you mentioned that the distribution and aftermarket channel had close to 20% growth in the fourth quarter, and I guess that implies a 3% to 4% growth in your non-distribution channels. Have you ever had that kind of skew? And is distribution tending to be a lead lag or uncorrelated indicator?
Mike Lisman: It's hard to say. I would generally say it's uncorrelated. These things sometimes get noisy on a quarterly basis and the POS data can disconnect from what the total commercial aftermarket posts.
Kevin Stein: I think as everyone knows what goes through distribution is about -- bounces around 20% to 25% of our total commercial aftermarket. So it's a meaty chunk, but not north of 50% of it, and we look at it generally probably a bit of a leading indicator because then once those sales happen from the distributors, they then need to replenish what's been sold out to the market.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then, Mike, I think you mentioned the expectation for prior strikes was taking a year to get back to production rates. And so, just as you're looking to build up your guidance, does that mean you've assumed roughly flat Boeing output from you guys year-on-year with some price and then Airbus growth to get to the mid-single-digit growth?
Mike Lisman: It's hard to say and comment on macro build rate assumptions like that because we built it up at the of unit level and they do it based on their specific dialogue with the customer, and they know what their inventory is, so they can factor all of that in. When we give the OEM guidance, we aim to be conservative. And we do that obviously for reasons that I think you guys understand. If the demand should come in stronger than we anticipate, we can add in the resources we need to step up and hit the demand that keep Boeing and Airbus, both happy and get the parts they need. But I think just given the fragile state of the supply chain, as we said in the commentary and where we stand and how messy prior strikes have been to clean up, I think we're probably a bit more conservative here than others. And hopefully, we're surprised to the upside as the year evolves.
Myles Walton: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Next question will comes from the line of Scott Deuschle from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Scott Deuschle: Hi. Good morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Scott Deuschle: Joel, can you give us a sense for how TransDigm's commercial aftermarket revenue breaks down between airframe and in the engine? And I'm asking because you mentioned that engine is outpacing our frame from a growth perspective this year. So just curious to get some sense for how that aftermarket revenue bifurcates between those two channels? Thanks.
Joel Reiss: As we look at it, we're generally about market weighted in terms of the OEM and spare parts spend based on how we size up the market, no different. We don't really overweight more towards the engine or the airframe, but we did see across our businesses that are more engine focused this quarter. Harcos and Auxitrol is doing engine sensors and a few other folks providing pumps in and around that vicinity of the aircraft that were pockets of strength there that we're significantly above those seen up the airframe side of the business. But we're about market-weighted.
Scott Deuschle: Okay. And would you expect engine to outpace airframe next year as well, just given the pent-up demand and existing backlog at the engine MRO shops? Thanks.
Joel Reiss: Based on what we see across the MRO shops and just all the slots being filled, what you guys read about and write about, we'd probably expect something similar as we head into next year, just given the high demand there is around the engine side of MRO world right now.
Scott Deuschle: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from the line of Gavin Parsons from UBS. Your line is open.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Gavin Parsons: Just in terms of kind of broader supply chain health relative to the work stoppage in Seattle, have you guys acted as any buffer between kind of Boeing and your smaller tier suppliers to prevent the whipsaw from going all the way to zero? Is there any aspect of that, that might keep your own suppliers healthier?
Mike Lisman: We always size up our supply landscape, and we never want to stress the mom-and-pop shops too much. We tell our op units to go out, obviously factor that stuff in. So I suspect some of that has potentially gone on. And we'll be ready to meet the demand, as we said in the commentary, if Airbus and Boeing, the build rates come in higher than we forecasted here today, I think our op units will be ready and prepared and have the inventory to step up and hit the targets.
Gavin Parsons: Okay. Great. And then on freight, I think it looks like dedicated freight flights returned to growth a couple of months ago. Give a sense for roughly how long that tend to take to translate into revenue resuming growth?
Mike Lisman: It's hard say. I think it's good to see that market stabilize first of all, because it's been coming down from the COVID peaks as we've seen, as the transition more towards belly back to belly cargo has continued and hopefully, as we head into next year, we see things turn the corner and transition to positive growth. That's what we expect as we rolled up the internal forecast here. It's hard to put a time line on it, though, I suspect a couple of quarters in that turn.
Gavin Parsons: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from the line of Ken Herbert from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ken Herbert: Yes. Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask Kevin or Mike on the defense side. You outperformed 2024 by over 10% relative to the initial guide, and I can appreciate some initial conservatism in that guide. But as you look into -- look at 2024 and then into this year, where did you really see the upside in defense? Was it sort of up-tempo activity in areas? Or were there things that kicked in that you really didn't expect? And where do you maybe see potential upside as we think about 2025 on the defense market?
Mike Lisman: We saw the strength pretty uniformly across all of our op units. A couple are a little bit stronger than others, Avtech. Armtec just based on specific work they're doing on the defense side of their businesses. But it was really pretty uniform across the landscape, across the ranch here at TransDigm in terms of the defense growth. As you guys know, the outlays have been positive now in that kind of 8% to 12% ballpark for many quarters in a row. So I think that kind of consistent growth on that front has probably aided us and the threat landscape, I'm sure, has gone a bit of a way in terms of bringing those numbers forth and causing them to come about. As we head into next year, we have really good bookings this year in FY 2024 on the defense side of our business. So it gives us confidence that we're going to hit that high single-digit target for next year.
Ken Herbert: And can you just frame up now exiting 2024, the mix of defense between maybe getting even at a high level aftermarket versus OE?
Mike Lisman: It's not very different from the commercial side of our business. It tends to bounce around roughly half and half, and the two parts grew somewhat closely this year. We saw both consistent growth on both the OEM and aftermarket side, not all that different and disconnected. But it's about half and half and bounces around a bit quarter-by-quarter and year-by-year.
Ken Herbert: Perfect. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Gursky: Good morning. I just wanted to circle back on the channel sales and distribution. And whether you could just kind of talk through what you're seeing from an inventory perspective and whether there has been any interesting movement in inventory here, maybe just the trends over the last three or four quarters and kind of what you expect going forward inventory in the channel?
Mike Lisman: So couple of things. We don't get great inventory data from the airlines. It's not for lack of trying, but you just don't get that kind of detail from them from our op units in -- in terms of what they're holding stock. So it's hard to say, and we've never gotten great intel on that front in terms of exactly what the airlines have. As it pertains to the distribution, they're pooling as we sit here today about where they should be in terms of months of hand on supply, might oscillate this way or that way, a month or so at a time. But we're about where we should be. And we expect as we head into FY 2025, I don't continue. We always want to have the parts on hand and have our distributors have the parts on hand to supply to the end user as they need them. So we look forward to maintaining similar months on hand as we head into next year.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Great. And then, Kevin, you mentioned in maybe your prepared remarks and some of the Q&A that you're going to remain disciplined on M&A. I'm wondering, if you can just maybe do a walk through history and talk about valuation multiples and where we are today relative to where we were maybe pre-pandemic 2018, 2019 time frame. I'm just kind of curious if disciplined is a relative term. Are you remaining disciplined relative to what you've always done? Or is it relative to what is currently going on in the market?
Kevin Stein: It's disciplined in terms of what we target to acquire. We want businesses that are very high IP, hopefully more commercial -- or all commercial businesses. We've kicked these things off so many times of what we look for. That's what I mean about disciplined. Multiples are up, there's no doubt about it. We're having to pay more today than we did a few years ago. But that just goes into the math of the acquisition. We haven't changed our targets we still look for 20% IRR on every deal that we model before we would pull the trigger it. So that's what I mean about the discipline. Yes, we're paying a little more. But if something matches your criteria and you model it, you can often not worry as much about the price you have to pay as long as business in a discipline which meets our criteria.
Jason Gursky: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for question. Our next question will comes from Peter Arment from Baird. Your line is open.
Peter Arment: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just maybe a quick one on CapEx. It seems like the guide implies that, that's going to be closer to 3% of sales. And maybe if you could just highlight some of the investments you're making because I think historically, you've been closer to 2%. Just curious if there's any dynamics going on there?
Sarah Wynne: Sure, yes. We're increasing on the CapEx guidance for next year. We've done a lot of M&A, and we want to continue to make sure that one, our new operating units have got the infrastructure productivity, but we have a lot of really good new productivity projects that we're heavily investing in. I can let Mike and Kevin elaborate on some of this, but some of the stuff, and we've talked about this, I think, on prior calls where we're seeing projects that weren't necessarily available months ago and years ago, certainly at a price point they're now becoming available, cobots and robots. So spending more time and money to invest in that and help with our productivity, one of our value drivers.
Mike Lisman: To Sarah's point, you see that in some of the margin benefits too. That's what gets us the percentage margin point of incremental plus a bit from there that Kevin mentioned is just good CapEx investments. That's the majority of the CapEx spend is good productivity projects that help us on the cost structure side.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color. Thanks. Ill leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn it back over to Jaimie for closing remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes the call. We appreciate your time, and have a good rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to TransDigm Group Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like now to turn the conference over to Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2024 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Co-Chief Operating Officer, Mike Lisman; and Chief Financial Officer, Sarah Wynne. Also present for the call today is our Co-Chief Operating Officer, Joel Reiss. 
 Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. 
 The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. 
 I will now turn the call over to Kevin. 
Kevin Stein: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discuss our fiscal '24 outlook. Then Mike and Sarah will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we believe we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in both good times and bad as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle.
 To summarize here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy, specifically. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. 
 Third, we have a decentralized organizational structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value-creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. 
 To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had a strong quarter. Our Q2 results ran ahead of our expectations, and we once again raised our guidance for the year. Commercial aerospace market trends remain favorable as the industry continues to recover and progress towards normalization. Global air traffic has surpassed pre-pandemic levels and demand for travel remains robust. 
 Airline demand for new aircraft also remains high, and the OEMs are working to increase aircraft production. However, OEM aircraft production rates remain well below pre-pandemic levels. There is still much progress to be made for OEM rates and our results to continue to be adversely affected in comparison to pre-pandemic production levels. In our business, during the quarter, we saw a healthy growth in our revenues and bookings for all 3 of our major market channels, commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and defense. Revenues and bookings also sequentially improved in all 3 of these market channels. 
 Our EBITDA As Defined margin of 53.2% in the quarter, contributing to the strong Q2 margin is the continued strength in our commercial aftermarket along with diligent focus on our operating strategy, which is allowing margin performance to expand across all segments. Additionally, we had strong operating cash flow generation in Q2 of close to $230 million and ended the quarter with almost $4.3 billion of cash. 
 We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2024. 
 Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. Regarding the current M&A activities and pipeline, we continue to expect of fiscal year '24 closure of the Electron Device Business of Communications and Power Industries, also known as CPI, which was announced on a prior earnings call. We continue to actively look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the next 12 to 18 months, we continue to see an expanding pipeline of potential M&A targets. 
 This remains a busy time, and we are actively expanding our M&A team to address these opportunities. As usual, the potential targets are mostly in the small and midsize range, I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. Please see our 10-Q for more detail on some smaller, but nicely accretive acquisitions that we recently closed. 
 The capital allocation priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. Our first priority is to reinvest in our businesses; second, do accretive discipline to M&A; and third, return capital to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends. Before the option paying down debt seems unlikely at this time, though we do still take this into consideration. We are continually evaluating all of our capital allocation options, but both M&A and capital markets are difficult to predict. 
 As always, we continue to closely monitor the capital markets and remain opportunistic. As mentioned earlier, we ended the quarter with a sizable cash balance of almost $4.3 billion, which includes the $2 billion of cash from new debt issued during our first quarter of fiscal '24. That debt was proactively raised for the acquisition of CPI's Electron Device Business and general corporate purposes. We have significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. 
 Moving to our outlook for fiscal '24. As noted in our earnings release, we are increasing our full fiscal year '24 sales and EBITDA As Defined guidance to reflect our strong second quarter results and our current expectations for the remainder of the year. At the midpoint, sales guidance was raised $75 million and EBITDA As Defined guidance was raised $60 million. The guidance assumes no additional acquisitions or divestitures and is based on current expectations for continued performance in our primary commercial end markets throughout fiscal '24. 
 Our current guidance for fiscal 2024 is as follows and can also be found on Slide 6 in the presentation. Note that the pending acquisition of CPI's Electronic Device Business is excluded from this guidance until acquisition closed. The midpoint of our fiscal '24 revenue guidance is now $7.74 billion or up approximately 18%. In regards to the market channel growth rate assumptions that this revenue guidance is based on -- for the defense market, we are updating the full year growth rate assumptions as a result of our strong second quarter results and current expectations for the remainder of the year. 
 For Defense, we now expect revenue growth in the mid-teens percentage range. This is an increase from our previous guidance of high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range. We are not updating the full year market channel growth rate assumptions for commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket as underlying market fundamentals have not meaningfully changed. Commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket revenue guidance is still based on our previously issued market channel growth rate assumptions. 
 We expect commercial OEM revenue growth around 20% and commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the mid-teens percentage range. The midpoint of our EBITDA As Defined guidance is now $4.045 billion or up approximately 19% with an expected margin of around 52.3%. This guidance includes about 100 basis points of margin dilution from our recent Calspan acquisition. The midpoint of our adjusted EPS is increasing primarily due to the higher EBITDA defined guidance and is now anticipated to be $32.42 or up approximately 25% over prior year. Sarah will discuss in more detail shortly, the factors impacting EPS, along with some other fiscal '24 financial assumptions and updates. We believe we are well positioned for the second half of fiscal '24. We'll continue to closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly.
 Let me conclude by stating that I'm very pleased with the company's performance this quarter and throughout the recovery for the commercial aerospace industry. We remain focused on our value drivers, cost structure and operational excellence. Let me hand it over to Mike Lisman, our TransDigm Group Co-COO, to review our recent performance and a few other items. 
Michael Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2023. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket.
 Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 21% in Q2 compared with the prior year period. Sequentially, total commercial OEM revenues grew by about 12% compared to Q1. Bookings in the quarter were strong compared to the same prior year period. These booking levels continue to support the commercial OEM guidance for revenue growth of around 20% for fiscal '24. OEM supply chain and labor challenges persist, but appear to be progressing. Broadly speaking, we continue to be encouraged by the elevated and healthy airline demand for new aircraft. 
 Supply chains remain the primary bottleneck in this OEM production ramp-up. As many of you know, concerns have recently arisen around the expected 737 MAX production rate ramp. Time will tell how this plays out. At this time, we remain cautious and are watching for a potential realignment of our current MAX order backlog to reflect the lower production rates. 
 The commercial OEM guidance we are giving today contains an appropriate level of risk around the MAX production build rate for the balance of our '24 fiscal year. While both the 737 MAX risks as well as other risks remain towards achieving the ramp-up across the broader aerospace sector, we're optimistic that our operating units are well positioned to support the higher production rates as they occur. 
 Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 8% compared with the prior year period. I would like to provide a bit more color than is typical on our commercial aftermarket submarkets as the variation in growth rates seen this quarter across those submarkets was much larger than usual. 
 The 8% growth rate mentioned was primarily driven by the continued strength in our passenger submarket, which is by far our largest submarket. Growth in our passenger submarket was roughly 20% versus the prior year period, and this submarket continues to perform exceptionally well. We also saw good growth in our interior submarket of about this same rate when compared to prior year Q2. These increases were offset by declines in our freight and bid jet submarkets. Freight was down roughly 15% and bid jet was down in the 5% area. 
 The freight decline was primarily a result of the continued return of belly capacity, consistent with what we discussed on our past few earnings calls. The biz jet decline is a result of tempering biz jet flight activity, which has continued to come down from the pandemic cost. 
 For the full year, and as you saw in today's guidance, our outlook for commercial aftermarket growth in the mid-teens is unchanged. We saw a number of elements in our Q2 results that make us confident. Mainly Q2 bookings in commercial aftermarket were strong, running ahead of our expectations, significantly outpacing sales and supporting the full year growth outlook. 
 Additionally, our Q2 point of sales data through our distribution partners, which can be a decent leading indicator was up significantly, well into the double digits on a percentage basis. Finally, a reminder commercial aftermarket can be lumpy on a quarterly basis, both revenue and the bookings, not as lumpy as defense aftermarket, but lumpy nonetheless. 
 Finally, note that our guide for mid-teens percentage growth across our total commercial aftermarket, given today still incorporates a continued drag from the cargo and biz jet submarkets for the balance of this fiscal year. 
 Now turning to broader market dynamics and referencing the most recent IATA traffic data for March. Global revenue passenger miles surpassed pre-pandemic levels for the first time in February 2024 and continue to do so in March. March '24 air traffic was about 1% above pre-pandemic and IATA currently expects traffic to reach 104% of 2019 levels in 2024. 
 Domestic travel continues to surpass pre-pandemic levels. In the most recently reported traffic data for March, global domestic air traffic was up 6% compared to pre-pandemic. Domestic air travel growth has been driven significantly by outsized growth in China, which was up 14% in March compared to pre-pandemic. This is a significant improvement from China being down 3% a year ago in March of 2023. 
 Shifting over to the U.S. domestic market, domestic air travel for March was about 4% above pre-pandemic traffic. International traffic has continued to make steady improvement over the past few months. It slightly surpassed pre-pandemic levels for the first time in February. In the most recently reported data for March, international travel was down just 2% compared to the pre-pandemic levels, and this marks a significant improvement from being down about 18% 1 year ago. 
 In summary, for the commercial aftermarket, we continue to see growth in our passenger and interior submarkets indicative of the continuing positive trends in the post-COVID passenger traffic recovery. Our biz jet and freight submarkets are as we'd expect in light of the current trends in their underlying markets. 
 Now shifting to our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 21% compared with the prior year period. Q2 defense revenue growth was well distributed across our businesses and customer base. Additionally, we saw similar rates of growth in both the OEM and aftermarket components of our total defense market with aftermarket running slightly ahead of the OEM. 
 We do not expect to see defense revenue growth rates as this 20%-plus level continuing for the balance of the year and we expect some moderation or tempering here, as you can tell from the guidance given today. Defense bookings were up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period and support the revised defense revenue growth guidance for the full year. Additionally, this quarter, we saw growth in U.S. government defense spend outlays, and we're hopeful we'll continue to see steady growth here -- but as we have said many times before, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. 
 We know the bookings and sales will come, but forecasting them with accuracy and precision, especially on a quarterly basis is difficult. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we now expect our defense market revenue growth for this year to be in the mid-teens percentage range. This updated guidance for defense primarily reflects stronger-than-expected Q2 defense sales as well as the good Q2 bookings. 
 Lastly, I'd like to wrap up by expressing how pleased I am by our operational performance in the second quarter of fiscal '24. Even though we saw some lumpiness in our most profitable end market -- commercial aftermarkets, our operating unit teams did an exceptional job of executing on our value drivers that generate strong results delivered this quarter. Our management teams remain committed to our consistent operating strategy and servicing the robust demand for our products as we continue through the balance of the year. 
 With that, I'd like to turn it over to our CFO, Sarah Wynne. 
Sarah Wynne: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'll recap the financial highlights for the second quarter and then provide some more information on the guidance update. First, on organic growth and liquidity. In the second quarter, our organic growth rate was 16.1%, and all market channels contributed to this growth as Mike, Kevin has just discussed. 
 On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally defined as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $290 million for the quarter, coming in around $950 million on a year-to-date basis. As a reminder, our fiscal Q1 free cash flow was higher than average due to the timing of our interest and tax payments. 
 For the full fiscal year, our free cash flow guidance is unchanged. We continue to expect to generate free cash flow of approximately $2 billion in fiscal 2024. Below that free cash flow line, net working capital consumed $82 million, driven by AR with the higher sales in the quarter and inventory as we support the second half of our year. We continue to expect our annual dollars invested in net working capital to moderate from the elevated levels we've seen over the prior 2 years, but pinpointing an exact dollar amount of investment for fiscal '24 is difficult. 
 We ended the quarter with approximately $4.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 4.6x, down from 5x at the end of last quarter. As a reminder, approximately $1.4 billion of this cash is reserved for the anticipated closing of the CPI acquisition. We continue to be comfortable operating in the 5 to 7 net debt-EBITDA ratio range and while we are currently sitting slightly below the low end of this range, our go-forward strategy of capital deployment has not changed, and we continue to see the best opportunities for providing value to our shareholders through our leverage strategy. 
 Our EBITDA to interest expense coverage ratio ended the quarter at 3.4x on a pro forma basis, which provides us with a comfortable cushion versus our target range of 2x to 3x. During the quarter, we completed a few financing objectives, including pushing out our nearer-term debt stack along with repricing approximately $6 billion of our term loan debt from SOFR plus 3.25% to SOFR plus 2.75%. This financing activity effectively pushes out our nearest term maturity date by 2 fiscal years for fiscal 2028. Our capital allocation strategy is always to both proactively and prudently manage our debt maturity stack and these actions accomplish that. 
 The financing activities slightly reduced our interest expense for fiscal '24, reducing expense by $12 million or $25 million on an annualized basis. However, as you'll note, our guidance for the interest expense has decreased by $60 million, primarily driven by the interest income we received year-to-date and project for 2024. We remain approximately 75% hedged on our total $22 billion gross debt balance throughout fiscal '26. This is achieved through a combination of fixed rate notes, interest rate caps, swaps and collars. 
 This continues to provide us adequate cushion against any rise in rates at least in the immediate term. With regard to guidance, as Kevin mentioned, we increased our midpoint sales and EBITDA by $75 million and $60 million, respectively, given the strong quarter and current expectations for the year, along with increasing our EBITDA margin guidance from 52% to 52.3%. Our adjusted EPS guidance is now $32.42 compared to the prior guidance of $30.85. As we sit here today from an overall cash, liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility through M&A or return cash to shareholders via dividends or share repurchases. 
 With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Myles Walton with Wolfe Research. 
Myles Walton: Kevin, I was wondering if you could touch on the aftermarket growth rate in the quarter and the reacceleration implied in the back half of the year? And in particular, if you can parse out the freighter complement to that. I think GE on their call actually raised their freighter outlook for the year on aftermarket. So I'm not trying to align 2 different data points. But just what you're seeing overall? And I know you said that the guidance incorporates drag for the rest of the year, but is it fair to think that, that drag becomes less and less. 
Michael Lisman: Sure, Myles, it's Mike. I'll take that one. Overall, with regard to commercial aftermarket, we had a very solid bookings quarter. We significantly outpaced sales in the segment, commercial aftermarket overall, which sets us up well nicely for the back half and the mid-teens percentage growth for the year that we mentioned. Passenger and interior were both ahead of our expectations. 
 A bit more color on the freight point and to address some of your questions there, we were down about 15%. That was about what we expected, maybe a little bit worse than we has foreshadowed it, I think, on the last 2 calls. I think as you guys know, we have about 3 op units that fall into that freight bucket and facilitate the movement of freight on aircraft, both past and full freighters as well as the belly cargo systems. 
 And that submarket, it's about plus or minus depending on the quarter, 15% or so of our commercial aftermarket bucket. We wait a bit more towards freighter in that bucket. And I think as you guys know, within the freight market, there's been a trend away from freight being carried within full freighters and more towards the belly of the passenger capacity that's coming back into the market on passenger aircraft, the belly systems. 
 And we specifically, we've got a couple of op units that, as I said, they're a bit more freighter weighted. And as that market has trended off and we've seen a shift more towards belly, they've seen a bit of a decline in some of their product sales. It tends to be stuff that's slightly lower margin for us across our commercial aftermarket than the rest of that bucket. So there's not too much of a margin drag or impact as a result of it. But you see the sales decline, and that's part of what drove the 15% drop. 
 For the balance of the year, we do see that continuing in the back half. We factored that into our guidance, and we feel good about the mid-teens percentage rate growth, given the strength we've had in the bookings. But on the freight side, we do expect to see some continued headwinds here in the back half of the fiscal '24 year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Melius Research. 
Scott Mikus: This is Scott Mikus on for Rob Spingarn. Kevin, to follow up on Myles' question, airlines have been flagging elevated turnaround times in MRO shops, particularly for engines. So I'm just wondering, are any of your operating units getting the sense that volume growth on components for engines isn't as high as they would expect, just because throughput at the MRO shops isn't as fast as it was pre-COVID. 
Michael Lisman: It's Mike again. We have not really seen much of that action. I think we've seen pretty good strength across all of our different products, both on engine and off engine across the commercial aftermarket at this point of the -- at this point in the fiscal year. But I would say we probably have lower exposure to engine aftermarket as a percentage of our business. 
Scott Mikus: Okay. Got it. And then on the defense end market, historically, you've characterized it as a low single-digit organic grower. Armtec has seen some large awards and contracts related to munitions and artillery. Army wants to increase 155-millimeter artillery production to 100,000 shells per month by late 2025. So how should we be thinking about the long-term growth trajectory for your defense sales going forward? 
Kevin Stein: I think you guys know we have an Analyst Day coming up in June, and we don't want to go ahead and give long-term guidance by submarket outside of this year. We do feel good about the mid-teens percentage growth range this year for defense. We're seeing that strength across the OEM and aftermarket. It's pretty broadly distributed across all of our op units. But Armtec, in particular, has had some good flare shipments this year as well as some [indiscernible] product out of their California facility, which is the 155-millimeter program that you mentioned. 
 That growth should continue for a couple of years. You might have seen in the -- some of the Department of Defense budget documents for the next 2 years or so. So we remain optimistic about the growth outlook there, but it's not really driven by just 1 or 2 operating units. It's been pretty evenly distributed across our full group. 
 As we said, we don't expect defense growth of 20% or so that we've seen in the first half of this year to continue, there's just got to be some moderation there. This is always lumpy. Fortunately, for us, in the first half of this year, it's been lumpy to our benefit, probably a bit better than we expected, but we do expect some moderation in the long-term. It's not going to grow anywhere close to 20%. 
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets. 
Kenneth Herbert: I wanted to see either Mike or Kevin, if you could drill down maybe somewhat on the defense commentary. I can appreciate the lumpiness, but is there anything in particular you saw in the first half, either things pulled to the left or sort of an acceleration in shipments that specifically gives you reason to be more cautious on the second half. I can appreciate the step-down in guide probably reflects some conservatism to get to the full year growth. But just wondering if there's anything you'd call out relative to just a track record of lumpiness and conservatism as you think about the second half of the year. 
Kevin Stein: I think we always strive to be conservative in our guidance. We did bring, obviously, our guidance up so for the year. But I take your point that on a quarter basis, that would imply we're going back down. It's difficult to predict. I think what we're seeing is finally the backlog, the demand that is clearly in the defense market space coming out. They're finally placing the orders for this product. 
 We would anticipate that this will be a good tailwind for us, but it's hard given the lack of visibility at times in the defense industry to predict it so accurately. So we don't want to get out over our skis on really any of our submarkets, we choose to be a little bit more conservative as we break things up. 
Kenneth Herbert: Appreciate that. And if I could then, Kevin, maybe one other way to think about it is how much of your defense aftermarket, in particular, would you classify a short cycle versus sort of backlog-driven? 
Kevin Stein: I think defense aftermarket tends to be different than commercial aftermarket. It can be longer cycle, but there's still drop-ins that happen everywhere. 
Operator: Next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. 
Josh Corn: This is Josh Corn on for David. I wanted to ask in the guidance. Why would EBITDA margins in the second half drop from Q2 on what appears like it would be a similar mix to the second quarter? 
Kevin Stein: I think we're comfortable -- we don't want to get into giving quarterly guidance on these things. We're comfortable for the year at where we sit. Yes, business can be lumpy. We were pleasantly surprised by the EBITDA this quarter. We're not positive how the future quarters will unfolds. But again, our goal is to be conservative. So that is our forecast for now that we're sticking with. 
Josh Corn: Okay. And then I just wanted to follow up on the first question about sequential aftermarket in the second half, are you baking in any sequential improvement? Or is it just easier comps in Q3 and Q4? 
Kevin Stein: I think we don't tend to give quarterly guidance by end market. But I think as you guys know, if you look at how we did in the first half in commercial aftermarket, what's implied for the second half, you'd expect probably Q4 to be the highest and some ramp up as we proceed through the balance of the year on the commercial aftermarket. 
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Deuschle with Deutsche Bank. 
Scott Deuschle: Kevin, just on M&A. Is there optimism on the pipeline more about the next 12 to 18 months? Or are you still optimistic about the pipeline for the second half of this year specifically? 
Kevin Stein: I'm optimistic about the future. It's difficult for me to unpack it into quarterly buckets. I remain optimistic about what the future holds for M&A. And our M&A tracker that I follow constantly, it has the most names. It's the busiest we've probably ever been in M&A. Again, it doesn't tell you what's going to close. We remain very picky in the businesses that we choose and we will continue to do that. 
 We have a lot of activity in the small and medium size. We announced 2 in our 10-Q today that are smaller sized businesses, but nicely accretive, as I said in my opening comments, yes, there's a lot going on out there. We're very busy. 
Scott Deuschle: Great. And then Mike, you're seeing really good leverage on gross margins, but SG&A has been growing. It looks like a bit faster than sales, at least over the last few quarters. So I'm curious if you could talk a bit about what's driving that SG&A expense growth to outstrip sales? And then when we should expect to see better operating leverage on that line specifically? 
Michael Lisman: Yes, I can speak to that one. A large portion of what you see is some of that increase on the noncash stock comp that plays into it. When you look at that just the raw sales, which you'll see in the quarterly and it's published later today, you'll see actually the spend going down. 
Operator: The next question comes from Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. 
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if you could expand upon your comments in the prepared remarks about differences in the distribution channel versus what you're seeing direct. So maybe if you could just tell us a little more where you're seeing better sell-through and if that's applying to the freighter market or not yet, et cetera? 
Kevin Stein: The 2 don't always perfectly correlate in terms of what we see through our POS with our distributors and then what we do directly. What goes through distribution now, it bounces around a little bit, but it's about 20% to 25% or so of our CAM sales. And it's a decent leading indicator usually of future orders that will come, obviously, because the distributors sell out their inventory that they hold on our behalf so that we can get product quickly to customers, then we've got to replenish it. 
 So the sales come eventually to replenish the sales, they see, but they on a quarterly basis don't always move exactly in the right direction. But over time, POS tends to be a pretty decent leading indicator of where the full commercial aftermarket is heading. And that's what gives us -- as we see in the remarks, some confidence today as we look out our commercial aftermarkets likely to go for the balance of the year. 
Gautam Khanna: And can you comment on biz jet [indiscernible] and freighter specifically? Do you think we're in the early innings of that business declining? Or what's your expectation for when that might actually turn positive again in the aftermarket? 
Kevin Stein: I think it's hard to say. It depends where the freighter market goes. But generally, with the belly capacity having come back, you'd expect '24 to be the year where we take it, most of the decline on the full freighter business. We had saw a great runoff during COVID on the freighters, and now the market is just sort of correcting back to the '19 levels in terms of what goes via full freighter and what goes via belly. So '24 is going to be probably the biggest year for that correction curve. 
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. 
Peter Arment: Nice results. I want to circle back on Joel, you gave some comments about just some of the -- how some of the passenger travel markets were doing, you talked about China. Could you maybe talk about maybe just if you could call out what you're seeing from an aftermarket perspective on a regional basis? Or any color international versus domestic, if you're seeing any big differences? 
Joel Reiss: We don't get great split-outs by region when it comes to our commercial aftermarket sales. A lot of the IATA data, we referenced basically supports the highest growth rates being in China and Asia. A lot of that would go via our distributors. We don't get great visibility into it. We're, of course, benefiting from it. I think we've seen that in the bookings strength we have, but we don't get great data by region. 
Peter Arment: Okay. That's helpful. Just was curious. And then just could you give us an update just on what you're seeing in the supply chain? Obviously, it's been something that has solely improved, but it's always [indiscernible], I assume? And just any color on what you're seeing in the latest in the supply chain. 
Kevin Stein: I'd say it continues to get better, not back to where it was in 2019 yet, but better than where it was 12 months ago, 24 months ago, continue to have issues with items like certain electronics, castings, certain chemicals or materials, but continued progress. 
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. 
Robert Stallard: This might be for Kevin. Your comments on the Boeing situation on commercial OEM that [indiscernible] what you said 3 months ago. I was wondering if you did actually reduce your Boeing expectations this quarter? And if you did, only being offset or it must be offset by something else, right? 
Kevin Stein: I'll take that one, Rob. I think in the commercial OEM, our first half ran a little bit better than the full year guidance it's something like plus 23%. I think we're cautious on the outlook here in commercial OEM overall and the OEM forecast incorporates an appropriate level of risk around a potential Boeing rate change. Our forecast is a reminder, and I think, as you know, it's a bottoms-up forecast from ops units based on what they're seeing. What they're hearing from their op units. It's not a corporate top-down mandate on, hey, the bill rate you should assume for MAX to say, 38 or so. It's a bottom-up build based on what they're seeing at their specific op unit. And as a reminder, we -- a lot of our content on those aircraft that doesn't go direct to Boeing. It often goes into sub-tiers just given the nature of the components we're selling, who could be taking actions independently based on what they're seeing hearing as well. 
 But in a nutshell, we feel good about the guide for the year of around 20% and any potential reductions we've baked into the guidance we've given today for the year.
 I think it's also fair to say that Airbus is continuing to do better. So that's going to continue to backfill some of the possible hole created by Boeing in the short-term. 
Robert Stallard: Yes. And then just as a follow-up, Kevin, on your comment on your M&A tracker and it being as busy as you can remember. What do you think is driving that? And is there any sort of change given the amount of target or any change to the pricing that you're seeing being discussed? 
Kevin Stein: Yes. I wish I knew that. It would help me when things slow down to better understand. It just seems to be a busy time right now, whether that's expectations around the market segment. I don't know and it's difficult for me to speculate. It's just a busier time. We haven't changed our standards or our expectations at all. We still view business as the same way we have since the beginning. 
 So you can only swing at the pitches that get thrown as Nick used to say years ago, and that's still true today. 
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. 
Noah Poponak: I was curious if you could help me better understand if you are assuming that freight is a drag inside of the aerospace aftermarket in the back half. How does the total aftermarket growth rate accelerate in the back half, is biz jet and helicopter and the passenger side, faster growth in the back half? Or is it just the compares or something else? 
Kevin Stein: I think we're -- I'll take a stab at it, Noah and hopefully it addresses what you're trying to get at. We've seen really strong growth in the passenger, and we see that continuing based on bookings in the back half of the year. Freight, we've continued to see a bit softness on the booking side there, which is how we know in the second half that we're likely to see some continued slight decline there. 
 Biz jet, thus far this year, it was up a bit, I think, in Q1, Q2 was down a bit. For the year, it's about flattish. We expect to see something like that, maybe a little bit better in the back half. But really what's driving the commercial aftermarket overall is the continued strength in passenger and interior. That is the vast majority when you lump those 2 buckets together of that commercial aftermarket bucket, and we're seeing really good strength there that's covering up some of the weakness elsewhere as we look out for the last 6 months. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. Yes, I guess it sounds like you're qualitatively directionally saying you expect passenger and freight to do something similar in 3Q and 4Q as they did in 2Q, but for the aggregate segment or end market growth rate to accelerate somewhat significantly. But I guess if passenger is a little better, freight is a little better and the compares are easier, maybe that gets you there. 
Kevin Stein: I think that's right. Yes. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. Okay. Did the rate of change in price change very much in the aftermarket in the second quarter? 
Kevin Stein: Not appreciably, no. I think we always, as you guys know, we seek the price slightly ahead of inflation. And that's unchanged. This quarter, same expectation as we always have for our operating units and what the teams look to execute on. 
Unknown Executive: Well, I think we don't spend enough time talking about or emphasizing the gains we've made in productivity. We are down thousands of heads compared to where we were at very much comparable volumes are approaching comparable volumes. That's real productivity as we have been reluctant to add back and driving engineering productivity projects in our facilities that is clearly having an impact on our EBITDA. 
Noah Poponak: Yes, you can definitely see that in the margins. Okay. Kevin, you mentioned adding people to the M&A team. Can you quantify that? Like how many people relative to the base or what kind of percentage increase you're making? Just curious there. 
Kevin Stein: Yes. I don't -- we're looking to add 1 or 2 more folks to our M&A team. We are seeing a lot of really interesting smaller-sized deals and small deals take as much time to go through as bigger ones. So we need some more help to go through that. So hopefully, this will produce some more opportunity for us as we're seeing things come across our desks that we haven't seen before. 
Operator: The next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. 
Sheila  Kahyaoglu: First, I wanted to speed up another aftermarket question. It's been asked several ways. But up 8%. If we take out freight, which is 15% of your aftermarket, just an assumption there, that's 2 points of an headwind. How do we think about where peers were averaging about 15% on the quarter and you guys at 10% and you having more price power, how do we think about what held aftermarket back outside of freight and biz jet? 
Kevin Stein: I think on a quarterly basis, you can always see a little bit of lumpiness as we said here before. I'm not sure how exactly to follow the math on the 2% drag. But as we said today, we saw really strong bookings across our whole business, that can be lumpy. We feel really good about the outlook for the full year with the mid-teens percentage growth there. 
Unknown Executive: Yes. I mean, we sequentially booked more in the aftermarket. We're seeing robust bookings in aftermarket on the commercial side. I think we feel optimistic, right? That's right. 
Sheila  Kahyaoglu: Okay. Great. And then Kevin, I had to buy myself some time to do that math on the headcount productivity you just gave us. So I think head count is 15% below 2019 levels, while sales are up significantly above 2019. So with that productivity benefit in mind, how do we think about EBITDA margins decelerating 100 bps half over half in the second half? 
Kevin Stein: Yes. I take your point. Again, we hopefully aim to be conservative in our forecasting. We're trying to stick to our yearly forecast on EBITDA. We had a very strong Q2. We'll see how the back half of the year unfolds. We certainly don't have any large negatives that we're aware of. So I think it's just our standard conservatism. 
 We don't have any concerning trends that we're trying to peanut butter over here or anything. This is a strong bookings across all of our segments -- and really a good tailwind, both on the OEM, commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and clearly on the defense side. We remain optimistic. 
Operator: Next question comes from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. 
Kristine Liwag: Kevin, in previous Investor Days, you've talked about how TransDigm had about 400,000 -- excuse me, 400,000 PMA SKUs. And I think there was a point in time you were averaging something like 20,000 SKUs per year. I guess this has been a few years ago since you've disclosed this. I was wondering if you could size PMA today as a percent of your portfolio and also in an environment where the supply chain is still struggling and you're clearly able to produce parts. Can you provide more color on where that is, that market and how attractive you think it is? 
Kevin Stein: I think we can give more update and color on this topic at our Investor Day coming up at the end of June. But just from a top level, we don't consider PMAs to be a significant impact of our business. We have somewhere around 500,000 part numbers that we sell across commercial and defense. We do monitor it regularly. We are the largest creator of PMA parts in our space that we sell into on our products, that's how you sell into the aftermarket. 
 So I think the -- it's much similar situation to what we've seen in the past. The opportunities exist for us to replace other struggling suppliers. We certainly see that. We -- again, PMA and used and serviceable materials aren't a significant impact to our business on a regular day-to-day basis. It doesn't mean that there aren't some parts that are more impacted. But on a go-forward basis, it's a very, very small leak in our business, if you will. 
Kristine Liwag: Thanks, Kevin, and Sarah, if I could follow up on leverage. I mean, you guys are clearly investing in your M&A team with the head count add. But if there are no incremental deals to fund in the near and medium term, -- how do you think about the split between paying a special dividend versus doing more share buybacks? 
Sarah Wynne: Yes. I mean, obviously, we look at both of those, obviously, the first and foremost is to invest the capital in our businesses and do M&A, and then we look at those 2, and we look at them all the time. And obviously, we're sitting on plenty of cash, as you know. So at some point in the future, we look to make a decision on which one makes sense and what best to do with the cash. 
Kevin Stein: I think we -- to add to that, I think we just -- we paid a dividend in Q1. I think we'll be able to make a decision in Q4 probably this year about our plants. 
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Michael Leshock with KeyBanc. 
Michael Leshock: I think you had previously alluded to volume growth within aftermarket in 2025. And if we look ahead a bit further, is that still your view? And is there anything you could call out that needs to happen to meet the strong demand within aftermarket that we're seeing? And continue to grow volumes, just given some of the constraints that we're seeing out there right now? 
Michael Lisman: Sorry, is the question about whether 2025 commercial aftermarket volume growth will continue? 
Michael Leshock: Yes, that's right. 
Michael Lisman: I think, generally, as you look at the forecast from IATA, the investment bank forecasts that are out there, generally folks are expecting RPMs and takeoffs and landings to continue to tick up next year. That said, it's at a moderating pace relative to what it's been in the past couple of years as we come out of COVID. So there's still growth but maybe not quite as high as it was in, say, 2022. We've already seen some of that moderation. 
 But yes, of course, if you look at IATA forecast, other forecasts, the world is flying a lot. People continue to fly. That's reflected in takeoffs and landings and expected RPM growth. So we very much expect as a result of that continued volume growth in commercial aftermarket. 
Michael Leshock: And then just on capital allocation on your priority of reinvesting in the business. Could you talk to what areas of the business you expect to invest the most or anything you're targeting, whether it be bottlenecks or just any way to frame the organic investments you're making? 
Michael Lisman: Yes, the biggest investment and use of our capital has been to the productivity comment Kevin made earlier, it's automation projects. We have said -- as we said before, when we were in the depths of COVID will not add costs back ratably as we come out of it, and we haven't done that. That's reflected in the head count we have today. And the operating unit teams have done an exceptional job of finding good automation projects, whether it's cobots or material movers or new machining centers to basically increase the amount of automation in their facilities and reduce the headcount, reduce the cost footprint. That's why you're seeing the better margins that we delivered this quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Pete Osterland with Truist Securities. 
Unknown Analyst: I'm on for Michael Ciarmoli. I just had a follow-up on the question on Boeing production expectations. I appreciate the color you gave on the bottoms-up approach to your forecast. But could you share any specifics on what monthly rate you would estimate you are currently producing to for the MAX on average? And just directionally, what assumptions are embedded in your guidance there for the balance of the year? 
Michael Lisman: I think it varies a lot op unit by op unit based on the demand they're seeing from their customers. Obviously, sometimes that subtiers, as we said. So it's hard to go and back calculate into some kind of rate, I'd expect that something around 38, maybe a little bit less, but it's hard to say there's some kind of averaging exactly what it is across their ranch. 
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Understood. And then just as a follow-up, has the uncertainty around OEM production and some of the delayed deliveries we've heard about showed up in any meaningful way in your bookings? Have you seen any shift in the bookings environment between commercial OEM and aftermarket? . 
Unknown Executive: No. Continued good strength that supports the guidance on both. 
Operator: I show no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jaimie for closing remarks. 
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes the call. We appreciate your time, and have a good rest of your day. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2024 first quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Co-Chief Operating Officer, Joel Reiss; and Chief Financial Officer, Sarah Wynne. Also present for the call today is our Co-Chief Operating Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for joining us on the call today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter, and discuss our fiscal 2024 outlook. Then Joel and Sarah will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we believe we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad, as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins, and over any extended period, have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy, specifically; first, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organizational structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with our shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocation are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had a strong quarter. Our Q1 results ran ahead of our expectations. And we have raised our sales and EBITDA as defined guidance for the year. Commercial aerospace market trends remain favorable as the industry continues to recover and progress towards normalization. Global air traffic is closing in on pre-pandemic levels and demand for travel remains high. Airline demand for new aircraft also remains high and the OEMs are working to increase aircraft production. However, total air travel demand remains slightly below pre-COVID levels and OEM aircraft production rates remain well below pre-pandemic levels. There is still progress to be made for the industry and our results continue to be adversely affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels. In our business, during the quarter, we saw a healthy growth in our revenues and bookings for all three of our major market channels; commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket, and defense. Our EBITDA as defined margin was 51% in the quarter, contributing to the strong Q1 margin and the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues, along with diligent focus on our operating strategy. Additionally, we had strong operating cash flow generation in Q1 of over $630 million and ended the quarter with over $4.1 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2024. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we agreed on November 9th to acquire the Electron Device Business of Communications & Power Industries, also known as CPI, for approximately $1.385 billion in cash. CPI's Electron Device Business is a leading global manufacturer of electronic components and subsystems, primarily serving the aerospace and defense market. The products manufactured by this business are highly engineered proprietary components with significant aftermarket content and a strong presence across major aerospace and defense platforms. Our team is working diligently through the approval process in the US and UK, and the acquisition is expected to close this fiscal year. We remain very excited about adding this proprietary business as one of our TransDigm operating units. Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we continue to actively look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the next 12 months to 18 months, we continue to see a target-rich environment for our focused acquisition strategy. As usual, the potential targets are mostly in the small and midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. The capital allocation priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. Our first priority is to reinvest in our business; second, do accretive disciplined M&A; and third, return capital to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends. A fourth option paying down debt, seems unlikely at this time, though we do still take this into consideration. We are continually evaluating all of our capital allocation options, but both M&A and capital markets are difficult to predict. As always, we continue to closely monitor the capital markets and remain opportunistic. As mentioned earlier, we ended the quarter with a sizable cash balance of over $4.1 billion, which includes the $2 billion of cash from the new debt issued during our first quarter. Sarah will comment on this in more detail later. We have significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. Moving to our outlook for fiscal 2024. As noted in our earnings release, we are increasing our full fiscal year 2024 sales and EBITDA as defined guidance to reflect our strong first quarter results and our current expectations for the remainder of the year. At the midpoint, sales guidance was raised $85 million and EBITDA as defined guidance was raised $45 million. The guidance assumes no additional acquisitions or divestitures and is based on current expectations for a continued recovery in our primary commercial end markets throughout fiscal year 2024. Our current guidance for fiscal 2024 is as follows, and can also be found on slide 6 in the presentation. Note that, the pending acquisition of CPI's Electron Device Business is excluded from this guidance, until acquisition closed. The midpoint of our fiscal 2024 revenue guidance is now $7.665 billion, or up approximately 16%. In regards to the market channel growth rate assumptions that this revenue guidance is based on, for the defense market, we are updating the full year growth rate assumptions as a result of our strong first quarter results and current expectations for the remainder of the year. For Defense, we now expect revenue growth in the high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range. This is an increase from our previous guidance of mid to high single-digit percentage range. We are not updating the full year market channel growth rate assumptions for commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket, as underlying market fundamentals have not meaningfully changed. Commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket revenue guidance is still based on our previously issued market channel growth rate assumptions. We expect commercial OEM revenue growth around 20% and commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the mid-teens percentage range. The midpoint of our EBITDA as defined guidance is now $3.985 billion, or up approximately 17% with an expected margin of around 52%. This guidance includes about 100 basis points of margin dilution and from our recent Calspan acquisition. We anticipate EBITDA margins will move up throughout the remainder of the year. The midpoint of our adjusted EPS is decreasing versus our prior guide, primarily due to the higher interest expense associated with the incremental debt we took on to fund CPI. The midpoint of adjusted EPS is now expected to be $30.85 or up approximately 19% over prior year. Sarah will discuss in more detail shortly the factors impacting EPS, along with some other fiscal 2024 financial assumptions and updates. We believe we are well-positioned for the remainder of fiscal 2024. We'll likely continue to closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I am very pleased with the company's performance this quarter and throughout the recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. We remain focused on our value drivers, cost structure and operational excellence. Now, let me hand it over to Joel Reiss, our TransDigm, Group Co-COO, to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Joel Reiss: Good morning. I'll start with our typical review of results, by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2023 that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 25% in Q1, compared with the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were strong compared to the same prior year period. Our strong bookings continue to support the commercial OEM guidance of revenue growth around 20% for fiscal 2024. OEM supply chain and labor challenges persist, but appear to be progressing. We continue to be encouraged by the steadily increasing commercial OEM production rates and strong airline demand for new aircraft. Supply chains remain the primary bottleneck in this OEM production ramp-up. The FAA's recently announced production rate freeze at 38 per month for the Boeing 737 MAX will likely slow the expected MAX ramp and time will tell how this plays out. The commercial OEM guidance given today takes into account an appropriate level of continued risk around Boeing's production build rate. While risks such as this and others remain towards achieving the ramp-up across the broader aerospace sector, we are optimistic that our operating units are well-positioned to support the higher production targets as they occur. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 22% compared with the prior year period. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by the continued strength in our passenger submarket, which is by far our largest submarket. We also saw good growth in our interior submarket compared to prior year Q1 and biz jet was up slightly year-over-year as well. These increases were very minimally offset by a very slight decline in our freight submarket driven by the return of belly capacity and consistent with what we discussed on last quarter's earnings call. Commercial aftermarket bookings for this quarter were strong compared to the same prior year period. The strong booking levels in commercial aftermarket continue to support our commercial aftermarket guide for revenue growth in the mid-teens percent range for fiscal 2024. As a reminder, when forecasting our commercial aftermarket, we always look at a rolling historical 12-month average booking trend, never just the most recent quarter, due to lumpiness that we often see in this end market. Turning to broader market dynamics and referencing the most recent IATA traffic data for December. Global revenue passenger miles still remain lower than pre-pandemic levels, but only slightly. December 2023 air traffic was about 2.5% below pre-pandemic and full 2023 traffic was about 6% below. Globally, a return to 2019 air traffic levels is expected in 2024 and IATA currently expects traffic to reach 104% of 2019 levels in 2024. Domestic travel continues to surpass pre-pandemic levels. In the most recently reported traffic data for December, global domestic air traffic was up 2% compared to pre-pandemic. Domestic air travel in China also continues to improve and was up 8% in December compared to pre-pandemic levels. This is a significant improvement from China being down 55% a year ago in December 2022. Shifting over to the US, domestic air travel for December came in about flat with pre-pandemic traffic. International traffic has continued to make steady improvement over the past few months. A quarter ago, at the end of September, international travel globally was depressed about 7% compared to pre-pandemic levels, but in the most recently reported data for December, international travel was only down about 5%. This is a significant improvement over being down 25% a year ago in December 2022. In summary, for the commercial aftermarket, we continue to see strong growth in our passenger and interior submarkets, indicative of the continuing positive trends in the post-COVID passenger traffic recovery. Our biz jet and freight submarkets are performing in line with their underlying markets and also in line with our expectations at this point in the year. Shifting to our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 28% compared with the prior year period. Q1 defense revenue growth was well distributed across our businesses. However, bear in mind that the comparable prior year period was an easy comp. We would not expect to see defense revenue growth rates at this level continuing throughout the balance of the year. We expect some moderation here as you can tell from the guidance. Defense bookings are also up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period. While the defense revenue growth this quarter was pretty broadly distributed across our customer base, we continue to see improvements in the US government defense spending outlays during Q1. We are hopeful we will continue to see steady improvement. But as we have said many times before, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. We know the bookings and sales will come, but forecasting them with accuracy and precision is difficult. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we now expect our defense market revenue growth for this year to be in the high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range. This updated guidance for defense primarily reflects the stronger-than-expected Q1 defense sales as well as the good Q1 bookings. In closing, Q1 was a good start to the fiscal 2024 fiscal year and I was pleased with our operational performance. We will remain focused on our consistent operating strategy and servicing the strong demand for our products as we continue throughout the balance of the year. With that, I would like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Sarah Wynne.
Sarah Wynne: Thanks, Joel, and good morning, everyone. I'll recap the financial highlights for the first quarter and then provide some more information on the guidance update. First, on organic growth and liquidity. In the first quarter, our organic growth rate was 23.5%, and all market channels contributed to this growth as Kevin and Joel have just discussed. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally define as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes, was roughly $660 million for the quarter. This is a higher than average free cash flow conversion for the quarter, primarily due to the timing of our interest and tax payments. Cash interest and tax payments will pick up again in the next quarter and for the full fiscal year, our free cash flow guidance is unchanged. We expect to continue to generate free cash flow of close to $2 billion in fiscal 2024. Below that free cash flow line, net working capital consumed a smaller amount of cash than in prior years coming in close to flat. For the past few years, we saw a large influx of cash into our working capital as our primary commercial end markets experienced strong rebound post COVID. We were obviously very happy to support this increase. Going forward, we expect our annual dollars invested in net working capital to moderate from the elevated levels seen over the prior two years, but pinpointing the exact amount of investments for fiscal 2024 is difficult. As you know, the rebound of the OEM market channel does impact our accounts receivable as customers in that bucket typically have slightly longer payment terms. We ended the quarter with approximately $4.1 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was five times, down from 5.4 at the end of last quarter when pro forma was $35 dividend. As a reminder, we are comfortable operating in the 5 to 7 net debt-EBITDA ratio range. And while we are currently sitting on the low end of this range, a go-forward strategy of capital deployment has not changed. Our EBITDA to interest expense coverage ratio ended the quarter at 3.3 times on a pro forma basis, which provides us with comfortable cushion versus our target range of two to three times. During the first quarter, we went to the market and proactively raised $2 billion of debt, the acquisition of CPI's Electron Device Business, which is still subject to regulatory approval with the rest going towards general corporate purposes. As a result of the additional debt, our interest expense estimate for fiscal 2024 increased by $130 million, as you can see in today's updated interest expense guidance. Regarding our debt, we expect to continue both proactively and prudently managing our maturity deck stack, which for us means pushing out any near-term maturities well in advance of the final maturity date. Out near-term debt maturity is now 2026, and we remain appropriately 75% hedged on a total $22 billion gross debt balance through our fiscal 2026. This is achieved through a combination of fixed rate notes, interest rate caps, swaps and collars. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates at least in the immediate term. With regard to guidance, as Kevin mentioned, we increased our midpoint sales and EBITDA by $85 million or $45 million, respectively, given the strong quarter and current expectations for the year. Our EPS guidance is now $30.85 compared to prior guidance of $31.97. The reduction is due to additional interest expense. Without that, it would be $32.57. As we sit here today from an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via dividends or share repurchases. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
David Strauss: Kevin, could you talk about maybe what you saw in terms of the aftermarket growth on a sequential basis Q4 versus Q1? And then, it looks you have a very tough aftermarket comp in Q2. Any range on kind of how we should calibrate aftermarket growth in Q2?
Kevin Stein: I think we're forecasting mid-teens percentage. It might revise up. We'll have to see how the year unfolds. It was a strong quarter in Q1. The bookings are there. We saw a sequential increase in shipments in Q1, and we anticipate that, that will continue.
David Strauss: Okay. A quick follow-up. Is there any -- has there been any change in the timing around closing on the CPI deal, I think previously you said by the end of Q3, I think now you're seeing before the year-end, I don't know if there was a meaningful change there at all? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We're still incredibly positive on the CPI acquisition. There's zero overlap with anything we do. Right now, it's going through the approval process, and yeah, we're very positive about it happening. It's just difficult to predict timing. As you know, things are taking a little bit longer, but we anticipate this fiscal year.
David Strauss: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Maybe you could elaborate on how the M&A pipeline looks and ability or opportunities to deploy capital after CPI? Because you mentioned being at the low end of the target balance sheet leverage range and you're basically going to generate the CPI cost over the remaining quarters of the year in free cash. So that's not actually going to raise your leverage. So how are you looking at managing that? And how much more opportunity is there to deploy capital in the near-term?
Kevin Stein: I think we'll look at deploying capital during the fiscal year, probably closer to the end of the fiscal year as we sort out the M&A pipeline. The M&A pipeline is -- there's a lot going on. There's a lot of targets much like usual, a ton of names that we didn't see coming. And we continue to evaluate. I think the point about TransDigm is we're incredibly disciplined in our M&A. We're not going to acquire something that doesn't match our criteria of highly engineered products in aerospace and with access to the aftermarket. I mean, that's something we're going to continue to stay disciplined on, and it's extremely encouraging that there's so many targets on the list. Now they -- there's a lot of small and medium-sized targets. Those are the easiest ones for us to exercise.
Noah Poponak: Okay. In the aerospace aftermarket has there been any deceleration in the rate of increase in price as broader inflation has decelerated? Or has that rate of change held in despite that decel?
Mike Lisman: There's really been no change to our overall philosophy and approach. We continue to look to market-based value the product and offset the inflationary pressures that I see. Obviously, not all operating units see the same level of inflationary pressures. And that's generally what they're trying to do is to offset that.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Is there a window of time here though, where the cost side is decelerating with the pricing is not? Or are they pretty marked to each other pretty quickly?
Mike Lisman: Yeah. I think they're generally going to be pretty close to one another. Obviously, our teams are focused on driving productivity. The same team, our teams are trying to make sure that we've priced the product appropriately.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Robert Spingarn: Hi. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Spingarn: As a follow-up on that last answer, on Noah's question on inflation, we think about commercial OE and defense, which I would think would be different than commercial aftermarket where you can price in real time. How much of that revenue base is tied to long-term agreements that may have some stale pricing still to work through and can be renegotiated, let's say, over the next year or two? So what I'm asking is if there's upside in those two groups because of LTAs?
A  Kevin Stein: Yeah, I would say the bulk of our OEM business is on LTAs and those continue to roll off and be renegotiated. So that's really a constant thing throughout the space. So yeah, there is opportunity to improve clawback inflation that you haven't been able to over -- you've had to eat for a couple of years. So, yeah, that is always a possibility.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And Kevin, just high-level question on your workforce, you guys are just consistently executing the margins where we would expect or better. But for everyone else in the industry there are workforce issues. And recovering workforce or labor from COVID, getting people trained and so on. Is it fair to characterize those folks is different than TransDigm? Or are there things that we can't see?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think people -- there's different business model, so I think our ability to pass along inflation means that we ought to be able to respond to labor in the marketplace and make sure that we always have the best people and adequate resources to drive our business. But let's not forget that TransDigm is also an incredible operations excellence machine, and we drive productivity every day in our businesses, and we're constantly investing in that. Anything else to add, Joel?
Joel Reiss: Yeah. And the other thing I'd add to what Kevin said, I mean, fortunately, I think the labor markets continue to improve, which is certainly helpful. And we had some locations where we saw higher turnover a couple of years ago. I think that's really gone back to more normal levels, but we've put a lot of time and effort into training our folks. And as Kevin said, we've worked over the last few years to put more and more automation in place, which certainly mitigates what the impact of that is. And so I think we're well-positioned going forward.
Robert Spingarn: Thank you both for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Louis Raffetto with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Louis Raffetto: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Louis Raffetto: So I know within defense, you said aftermarket growth outpaced OE. Just curious what like magnitude is different there or just pretty similar?
Joel Reiss: Defense aftermarket was up more, it was not significant, but defense aftermarket did outpace defense OEM.
Louis Raffetto: And was there anything sort of -- I won't say onetime, but that stood out that drove that growth? I know you said easy comp to some extent, but anything else in there?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. So first, there's -- we just have the normal kind of lumpiness within the defense sector similar to commercial aftermarket. Obviously, as we mentioned, the easier comp. It was pretty broad across the -- our businesses. I mean, the vast majority of our businesses actually saw a pretty good increase year-over-year for Q1 versus Q1. I was kind of calling out one business and it wasn't a onetime set of work was Armtec, our flare countermeasures business had a really solid Q1 shipments coming and certainly in comparison to where they were a year ago at the same time.
Louis Raffetto: All right. Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning. 
A  Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Q  Robert Stallard: It's probably a question for Sarah. On the debt issuance, I was wondering if you could comment on why you did it now, given it could be still some time until the Electron Devices acquisition closes?
A  Sarah Wynne: Yeah. I mean we're always going to be proactive at having cash ready for pending acquisitions. We want to be opportunistic on that front. And we don't want to be obviously up against any time line except the markets weren't open.
Q  Robert Stallard: Okay. And then as a follow-up, we're probably in a changing interest rate environment, and rates could be coming down over the next 12 months. How do you think you're going to be adjusting the balance sheet and the interest rate derivatives you have in place to try and make the most of that?
A  Sarah Wynne: Obviously, we're always looking at the market and trying to be opportunistic with that debt structure. We do have the benefit of hedges. So from that perspective, we've fortunate enough to have 75% hedged. We've got some stuff coming up, and we'll continue to look and be opportunistic as long we can with our debt comes forward.
Q  Robert Stallard: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Q  Gautam Khanna: Hey, good morning, guys.
A  Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Q  Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the things in the M&A pipeline, you mentioned small to midsize? Is there -- is it still kind of skewed to hardware-oriented stuff? Or are you also entertaining some of these service assets? And maybe if you could just give us an update on how Calspan has done relative to what you guys were thinking originally given that...
A  Kevin Stein: Yeah. In pipeline of small, medium-sized businesses mostly in hardware, although we're looking also at some services businesses, if they would meet our criteria. It's not always clear that some of those do. But we're open as long as it's within aerospace and defense. I don't think we see the need of going outside of aerospace and defense, not for a while. There's still so many great targets to go after in this business. On Calspan, I'll let Joel comment.
A  Joel Reiss: Yeah. So I think we're encouraged by where we're at, at this point in the integration. We've got our leadership team in place. We've put our business unit teams, structure in place. We're going through the value generation strategy that we employ. And as of right now, I think we're running a bit ahead of the model, and we're encouraged by what we're seeing.
Q  Gautam Khanna: Just as a follow-up in the M&A hardware pipeline, is it mostly defense-oriented stuff? Is it -- I mean, just is there any skews or...
A  Kevin Stein: No, it's actually a blend of commercial and defense assets. It's not only just defense. It's hard to control. You can't really dictate what the pitches will be throttled at you. So you just have to react to them when they come along. Right now, we see a nice balance. That isn't always the case, let's say it is.
Q  Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just my last one. In the commercial aero aftermarket, any discernible differences between growth rates into the distribution channel versus direct to customer? Thank you.
Kevin Stein: So distribution represents about 20% to 25% of our commercial aftermarket shipments. As we look at -- at the point-of-sale that our distribution partners are seeing in comparable markets is pretty close to one another. There's no significant difference.
Q  Gautam Khanna: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Q  Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
A  Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Q  Kristine Liwag: Kevin, another question on the pipeline, you've mentioned the target-rich environment and assets are coming up that weren't available before. In the past, you've mentioned that you're open to doing deals that have some industrial exposure. Can you update us on your current thinking? And what proportion maximum industrial would you be willing to entertain at this point based on what's available?
A  Kevin Stein: Yes. It's interesting question and gets me into speculation. I don't know if there's a certain percentage that would kick a deal out. We want to be in aerospace and defense. If there are non-aerospace and defense products or business, that's okay. We don't thumb our nose at it, but we look at a business in its totality, can it achieve our 20% plus internal rate of return for that acquisition. Yes, we don't look scantily at those businesses, but we don't want to go after anything that industrial only. So I would guess it has to be, predominantly aerospace.
Q  Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks for the color. And maybe in aftermarket, if I could have a follow-up question, with customer behavior, I mean, there's clear scarcity of aircraft assets out there. How much of the volume that you're seeing, are coming from an Ad Hoc, break-and-fix type thing versus airlines potentially proactively purchasing product?
Joel Reiss: I don't think we have any real meaningful way to understand that. The vast majority of our commercial aftermarket orders are booked to ship. They come in over the trends of they're typically not advanced bookings. And we don't get a color in terms of why they're buying. We try to watch and make sure there's no inventory significant moves, but hard to get that kind of level of granularity.
Q  Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Akers with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Q  Matt Akers: Yeah. Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question.
A  Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Q  Matt Akers: I guess the M&A deals that you've looked at that haven't closed. What's the main thing preventing the valuation? Is it strategic ticket, because it seems like you're looking at the deals and you get the balance sheet to do more.
A  Kevin Stein: Yeah. It's -- do they meet our disciplined criteria. We want to see aftermarket content. We want it to be, aerospace and defense. We prefer Commercial over defense, but the biggest reason is whether they really have IP, whether they're highly engineered intellectual property, that's the key. So that's what we look for. And that's what we screen against. And when deals fall apart, it's because things aren't as proprietary as we would like them to be. And so we walk away from -- we're not interested in being in the me-too product space like everyone else. I mean, we're not trying to build the print business. We want high IP, high engineering content in aerospace and defense that has access to the aftermarket.
Matt Akers: Got it. Thanks. And then, I guess back to your comments on some of the aerospace OE supply chain issues. Is that more around your supply chain and your suppliers are more just sort of Boeing and Airbus in general slowing down? And is it possible to comment kind of what you're assuming for 737 MAX for this year?
Joel Reiss: Yes. So, it's not specific for us the comments around the supply chain. I think that's just what we're generally hearing from others. I think our supply chain team has done a really solid job of working through the challenges that have persisted for the last couple of years. Last year, we were talking about castings and then electronic components. I think largely, those have gone away. I do think we're in some level of a new normal where there's more kind of issues that pop-up randomly in comparison to where we were from a pre-pandemic level. I think that too is getting better, but likely that's going to persist for the next couple of years. I don't think any of that's material. I think right now, our assumption is based not so far off of what Boeing's current stated rate is in terms of what the FAs numbers are. We always put a little bit level of conservatism around the number. And I think we think our guidance is pretty well set around what we're hearing Airbus and Boeing are doing.
Matt Akers: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning everyone. Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning. I wanted to ask about margins. First with Calspan, it looks like for the first quarter, you guys had owned it, it was about 20% margins, and now you're at 28% for this quarter. So, you're still guiding to it to be 100 basis points dilutive, which obviously is conservative, because it would imply you're going to end the year at 16% margins for that business. So, I guess, what did you guys do to raise margins 700 bps in the last quarter? And where can this business be organically?
Joel Reiss: Well, I'm not sure I know where it's going to go long-term. Our goal is to implement our value generation strategy. We think it's a good business. We'll continue to work to maximize the value in terms of any other guidance beyond that. I mean we -- I think we've highlighted. We think it's dilutive, obviously, at the level that it's at in comparison to overall TransDigm, and we'll continue to work to improve the value over a long ownership.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. And then I wanted to ask about defense aftermarket. Again, our defense, just given than often you see it outperform commercial aftermarket. You mentioned Armtec. What percentage of your business is maybe more short cycle weapons oriented? And where do we think about defense relative to commercial OE margins perhaps?
Joel Reiss: Defense margins are -- comparable defense margins are lower than their kind of equivalent commercial markets. We typically offer a discount to the defense world. In terms of weapon systems, there is not, I don't have any good detailed split for what that looks like. In some ways, as I said, the lumpiness of the orders in the defense world is not so different than the commercial aftermarket and the standpoint that we don't get a lot of visibility of an order coming in. We'll get a solicitation, we work to respond. And when outlays are good, that generally helps us out. But beyond that, I'm not sure if there's any more kind of color I have on that.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ken Herbert: Yes. hi, good morning. Thank you. Kevin, in the past, you've talked about the business organically supporting about 100 basis points of margin expansion each year across the cycle. As we think about maybe aftermarket mixing down over the next couple of years relative to defense or commercial OE and just with where margins are today. Is that still the right framework as we think about organically for the business?
Kevin Stein: I think it still is. I don't think it's going to change. I know that there's math involved here, and you got to work your way through it. But what I always say is 100 to 150 basis points of improvement and we've been running 150. Yes, it may be back down at 100, but it's still, I believe, going to sequentially expand.
Ken Herbert: Okay, that's great. And as you look at the business today, just to that point, obviously, you've always run a pretty lean ship and kept costs pretty tight. Operationally, as you look across the business, are there still significant areas where you see opportunities for improvement? Or can execution be maybe a bigger piece of the mix moving forward relative to maybe relative to volume or price?
Joel Reiss: Well, for productivity, this is again one of our three value-generating strategies. Our teams are challenged themselves to work to offset inflation over the entire cost of the business. And so automation continues to come down in price in that we would have looked at two or three years ago, but didn't make sense. The capability wasn't there. Those come across. We continue to look at opportunities to how we resource materials where possible. So, I think we continue to believe there's a lot of opportunity for us in productivity. I'm always encouraged when I can see a long-term TransDigm business 10, 15, 20 years since we acquired it, and they are still achieving as good or better at times level of productivity. That's partly because things that they looked at before weren't there. We also won a sizable amount of new business. And one of the great things about new business, it continues to give you an opportunity to find new ways to reduce the cost of those new products as well. So, I think we think all three value drivers are where we want to focus. 
Ken Herbert: Great. Thanks Joel.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Your line is open 
Jason Gursky: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Jason Gursky: Just a quick question on working capital moving forward. I'm just kind of curious what kind of contractual terms do you have with some of your commercial OEM customers on the need to hold inventory? One of the things you've got potentially going on with Boeing is them asking the supply chain to continue producing it, but they're going to be producing as something to the master schedule, actually above their production rates, and that inventory has got to go somewhere. So, I'm just kind of curious, where that inventory might land from a contractual perspective, might some of the land on your balance sheet? Just kind of curious how it all works?
Sarah Wynn: Yes, I don't think we have any of that. For Boeing, it would be small, very noise level. And especially if you're asking from a bigger picture perspective, with working capital as a whole, we project future net working capital needs and we use model fairly flat for that as a percent of sales as we go forward through the year with that being noise level, if anything.
Jason Gursky: Right. Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on the aftermarket side and the strong bookings that you saw. In the quarter, you suggest it's hard to know exactly where all of that demand is coming from, whether it's rate fix or planned stocking by the airlines. But I'm curious if you've gotten any feedback from your airline customers on how they're grappling with what's going on with the GTF and the plans, OEGs that we're likely to see here this calendar year going into 2024. Is that, from your perspective, helping your aftermarket bookings here in the near term, that's what we're seeing in the strike that you've seen here recently and Kevin, as you mentioned the potential for upward pressure on the guidance? Just curious, if that's what's driving that statement that you made there? Thanks.
Joel Reiss: Yeah. We've tried to take a look at it. We think it probably has a slight tailwind for the business. For a few of our businesses, it's helping out, obviously, those platforms that were older planes are flying more. This is helpful. But we're also getting fewer hours on the GTF engine. So some other sites that would start to see some benefit of longer flight hours and those that are kind of missing out. I think net for net, as we've looked at it, we think it's a slight tailwind for the business.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Great. I will leave it there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mariana Perez Mora with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Mariana Perez Mora: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Mariana Perez Mora: My question is, I'd like to peel the onion a little bit on the commercial aftermarket. On this mid-teens guidance that you have, how much of that is driven by volumes, how much is pricing? And in that pricing, how much is like passing through inflation and labor costs and just like supply chain disruption things? And how much is actually being able to price this excess demand environment in the aftermarket?
Kevin Stein: We don't comment on price and volume and split that out. It's kind of difficult for us to assess that anyway. So, yeah, we don't give that kind of color. For volume, what we can offer is looking at takeoff and landings, RPMs, clearly, volume is going to continue to grow and expand. And I believe we all gave you in our prepared comments that we think volumes are going to return in 2024 here, and we may actually then see growth ahead of where we were pre-COVID, but we don't get into parsing out how much is price and how much is volume.
Mariana Perez Mora: And are you able to discuss how open are customers to have price increase conversations at least?
Kevin Stein: I think that our focus on operational excellence and performance means that the pricing part of the conversation is often quite simpler because you can provide products on time to their needs.
Mariana Perez Mora: Thank you. And my second question, if I may, on M&A. Why are so many M&A deals available right now? Has something changed?
Kevin Stein: I don't know if anything's changed. I think it just comes in waves sort of a sign wave. You have periods of time where it's up and periods of time where it's lower. It's been an encouraging time over the last, I think, a year or so. We've seen some good deals. Unfortunately, we've seen some things not work out, and we had to pass on. But I'm not aware of any outside forces moving more deals to the table. It's just the way it is.
Mariana Perez Mora: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Your line is open.
Peter Arment: Hey, good morning, everyone. Nice results. Hey, Kevin, maybe just a quick one on Defense, I know it's about 30% of your mix. Do you have much exposure from international defense and if you do, just kind of what you're seeing there?
Kevin Stein: Yeah, we do have international defense exposure. We provide products to our allies and we also have manufacturing facilities in Europe that provide products directly to European defense contractors.
Peter Arment: Any rate of change differences there or just still at normalized rates?
Kevin Stein: Have you seen any, Joel?
Joel Reiss: I don't know if there's anything significant versus the US. I mean, the US in many cases, is buying foreign military and they're supporting the same. So it ends up to some level of co-mingled and hard to separate one versus the other.
Kevin Stein: Clearly, I think international defense is improving, whether it is improving faster than the US rate, I'm skeptical.
Peter Arment: Okay. That's helpful. Joel, just a quick follow-up. When you gave the color on kind of the MAX rates and just in general, I was wondering if you could provide a little more color like what you're seeing on your suppliers. Is everyone seemed to be synced up and just broadly on the OEM kind of published rates? Are you seeing any kind of suppliers that are still behind, and this is an opportunity to catch up?
Joel Reiss: When you're saying suppliers as in like -- because we obviously sell to the airframers as well as
Peter Arment: Yeah. Your suppliers, yeah.
Joel Reiss: Our suppliers to us, I don't think that there's anything significant. I mean we're still well -- as Kevin put in his opening remarks, we're still well-below the peak we were at pre-COVID. 787, I think was running at 14 aircraft per month. And so I don't think, from that standpoint, our suppliers have that issue. I think it's just been very sporadic. We can't get a certain component in, they've got to ramp it up. I don't know that there's anything specific material, but I think we believe right now we're well-positioned for the -- where we are and can support a higher ramp-up rate.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the details. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning, guys. Nice result.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Michael Ciarmoli: And thanks for taking the question. Kevin, maybe just back to the aero -- the commercial aftermarket. Anything you parse out from demand trends or actual booking sales, wide-body, narrow-body airframe engine? I know you flagged interiors. Is that maybe a function of just more retrofit activity or any noticeable trends?
Kevin Stein: I think on the interior side, we're really just in the early innings of refurbishment. We're starting to see a few of those programs. Again, I think we're anticipating seeing more of that likely as we get to the end of this year and into early next year. A few of them we originally thought might have happened earlier have slid to the right. In terms of passenger, I don't know if we have any specific data to tell you, single-aisle versus wide-body. Certainly, we're encouraged by the continuing improving trends in the international market. So that still lags the single-aisle market, but continues to be on a good rate of growth. I don't know that we have any specific data, I mean with the number of part numbers we sell is it's too difficult to try to come back to some specific around single-aisle wide-body, unfortunately, at that level of granularity.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. And then maybe, Kevin, just one last one on M&A. You keep talking about the small and kind of medium-sized pipeline. What is sort of your definition? I mean CPI, I guess, $300 million. How big is sort of the upper range of a medium-sized transaction?
Kevin Stein: Yes, probably somewhere around $1 billion plus. But not $4 billion that becomes big for us. So, hopefully, that gives you some -- there's no science here.
Michael Ciarmoli: Yes. Got it. All right. Perfect. Thanks guys.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gavin Parsons with UBS. Your line is open.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks, guys.
Kevin Stein: Yes.
Gavin Parsons: Maybe on CapEx, what's driving the big step up this year?
Sarah Wynne: Yes. On the CapEx, obviously, we're always looking to add infrastructure to our op units and provide cash productivity improvement, much like what Joel just mentioned with machinery and other efficiencies in the op units to help drive the value drivers. Nothing specific, there's no big one thing in there. It's just the usual CapEx that we provide to the op units based on their needs and driving the value.
Kevin Stein: Yes. Our process, it comes -- these requests come from the sites. So our goal is to keep them fully funded. And if they see great productivity projects, that's where the bulk of our CapEx goes to. But I would also say one thing that's different from years past is, we're now doing more solar types of programs that we wouldn't have done in the past. They have great payback, but that has been an added need for us on the CapEx side.
Gavin Parsons: Interesting. Appreciate that detail. And I know a lot of aerospace work needs to be manual, but how much automation do you think you can get in the business over time?
Joel Reiss: I don't know that we have any specific numbers, as I kind of highlighted it, if I was -- youre asking the same question five years ago, I probably have a very different answer. I continue to be impressed by the ways that we've been able to incorporate. I was one of our businesses in the U.K. last month, and they've automated painting operations, polishing operations, brazing operations. So, I think we continue to be optimistic that that as automation costs come down, as the cobots prices comes down is that it becomes easier and easier for us to incorporate it. and our challenges were a low-mix -- sorry, high-mix, low-volume manufacturer. And so, the challenge is to be able to do automation, but be able to do it for many, many part numbers, not just one very small subset of parts. And I think we believe there's still a lot of opportunity for that.
Gavin Parsons: Got it. And I think Noah asked about kind of the price cost spread. Have you guys seen your input costs starting to ease or not yet?
Kevin Stein: I think we're still in the early innings for that. Labor costs, I think, are probably starting to, as you see in the overall market, but I don't know that there's anything significant at this point. It's really too early in the fiscal year for us to have seen something dramatically different than planned.
Gavin Parsons: Make sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth Seifman: Hey. Thanks very much, and good morning, everyone.
Kevin Steinans: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Good morning. I wanted to ask about -- I may be misremembering here, but if we go back to sort of the pre-COVID days, maybe even pre-Esterline days, I think kind of the cash balance to think about was something in the $750 million range. A lot of stuff has changed since then. I think if we do pro forma for the pending acquisition, probably at about $2 billion right now. How do we think about, what's the appropriate cash balance now and going forward?
Sarah Wynne: Yeah. We're not anchored into a specific amount, as you could obviously say. We're happy to keep cash on the balance sheet. And like you pointed out, we have $2 billion of pending CPI acquisition, which is obviously more than we need to run the business, but we're happy to have that cash on hand to support any other opportunities, M&A or any other investments that popup for us.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Okay. Great. And then maybe just a quick follow-up, I thought that last answer to Gavin's question was interesting. When you think about -- I think when we hit the pandemic and all the rates came down, most of the more labor-intensive part of your business is in the commercial OE piece. And so there is probably an expectation that as rates came up, you'd be adding employees. And so we're certainly far from fully back up, but we've kind of come off the bottom. Has the amount of labor that you've added off the bottom, has it been kind of consistent with what you might have expected, less or more? And why?
Joel Reiss: I think our teams have worked hard over the last three, four years to continue to find good productivity projects. And so I if I -- I don't have any specific numbers in front of me, but I would think that we're probably trending better than what we would have anticipated, if we were looking at the same thing three, four years ago. We had some learning curves I said, with turnover a couple of years ago, but I think the good news is with the lower rates that we've had, we've had a good opportunity to get those folks up to speed. So I think we think we're positioned well going forward.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good afternoon.
Kevin Steinans: Good afternoon.
Sarah Wynne: Good afternoon.
Scott Deuschle: Joel, is F-35 aftermarket a significant portion of defense aftermarket revenue at this point? And then can you comment at all on how quickly that's been growing recently?
Joel Reiss: I don't have any specifics around any platform to give you. I think as we said, the defense aftermarket was a good solid quarter for us. I think considering the number of business it was distributed. I think we saw many, many platforms benefiting from it in the quarter, not just a single one. Certainly, as F-35 
Scott Deuschle: Yeah.
Joel Reiss: continues to supply, that's beneficial for us. We're on effectively every platform. And so certainly, the more things are used, the more that's just good for us in general.
Scott Deuschle: Okay. And then, Sarah, sort of following up on Jason's question, can you clarify what the outlook is on working capital this year? It was a pretty big headwind last year. You had a strong first quarter here. I was just curious where things go from here on? Thanks.
Sarah Wynne: Yes. You're right. We had an influx of about, I think, it's $500 million last year. So, we think we're now in a good position so that going forward, we'd expect working capital to follow the revenue. As a percent of sales, barely flat as the revenue goes up as a percentage.
Scott Mikus: Okay. And then last question, Kevin. It's been a while since the last Investor Day. Any plans for another one sometime soon? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Yes, this summer.
Sarah Wynne: Expected.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We more than expect it. We're planning on it. So I think it's not officially announced, but sometime soon this summer, we will have another one. Stay tuned. It will be announced shortly.
Scott Mikus: All right. Great. We could finally meet in person. Sounds good.
Kevin Stein: That would be nice. You can always come to Cleveland though.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bert Subin with Stifel. Your line is open 
Bert Subin: Hey, good morning. Thank you for question. I guess good afternoon, Im sorry.
Kevin Stein: Yes, its now afternoon, isnt it? 
Bert Subin: I know. Tracking it. So I guess my first question, airlines have been calling out maintenance-related expenses as headwinds are trying to get down this year, just broader unit costs inflating there. Are you seeing any impact from competition, be it USM or PMA as they seek to do that? Or is that not really shown up on your radar just given those markets are smaller?
Joel Reiss: I don't think we've seen any material change year. USM is typically not a big factor for us. USM is typically for systems that are going for $25,000 and more, which really is a very, very small percentage of what our products are. And I don't think we've -- I've heard of any specific kind of changes in the PMA world from what we have seen in the past. 
Bert Subin: Got it. Okay. And just as a follow-up, I know cargo is a small part of what you guys do, but it sounded like the increase in belly space has been a little bit of a drag. What's your view towards cargo as you go through the balance of FY 2024? Are you expecting that to improve at all?
Joel Reiss: So, I'm not sure to give you specifics. I mean the passenger for us, I mean, belly cargo obviously, was a big thing that popped up during the year. Over all of the last year, the traffic within the cargo market was down a little bit from 2023. I think most folks anticipate that moving back up a little bit in 2024, and we think we're going to follow the underlying market. 
Joel Reiss: Great. Well, thanks so much for the color.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Jaimie Stemen for closing remarks. 
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes the call. We appreciate your time and have a good rest of your day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-09 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2023 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Co-Chief Operating Officer, Mike Lisman; and Chief Financial Officer, Sarah Wynne. Also present for the call today is our Co-Chief Operating Officer, Joel Reiss. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the Company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The Company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy. A few comments about the quarter and discuss our fiscal 2024 outlook. Then Mike and Sarah will give additional color on the quarter. As we previously announced on October 27, we had two Directors retired from the TransDigm Board, Merv Dunn and John Staer. Merv has served on our Board since 2009 and John since 2012. We sincerely appreciate both Merv and John's dedication to TransDigm over the years. They each have done an outstanding job as Directors and truly contributed to the long-term value creation of TransDigm. Considering these two Director retirements, our Board is now comprised of 10 Directors. For the near-term, we feel our Board size of 10 is appropriate and composed of highly qualified leaders with the appropriate skill sets to oversee and guide TransDigm. However, as we always do, we will continue to regularly assess the Board composition into the future. Now moving on to the business of today. To reiterate, we believe we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize here are some of the reasons why we believe this. Our 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins, and over any extended period, have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy, specifically. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organizational structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocation are a key part of our value-creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we closed out the year with another good quarter. We had solid operating performance in Q4 with both total revenue and EBITDA as defined margin coming in strong. For the full-year fiscal 2023 revenue came in at the high end of our most recently published guidance and our fiscal 2023 EBITDA as defined margin surpassed that guidance. Commercial aerospace market trends remain favorable as the industry continues to recover and progress towards normalization. Global air traffic is still moving forward and demand for travel remains high. OEMs are making steady headway on aircraft production. However, total air travel remains slightly below pre-COVID levels and OEM aircraft production rates remain well below pre-pandemic levels. There is still progress to be made for the industry and our results continue to be adversely affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels. In our business, during the quarter, we saw a healthy growth in our revenues and bookings for all three of our major market channels, commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and defense. Revenues also sequentially improved in all three of these market channels. Our EBITDA as defined margin was 52% in the quarter. Contributing to the strong margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues along with our strict operational focus and disciplined approach to cost structure management. Additionally, we had good operating cash flow generation in Q4 of over $460 million and ended the quarter with close to $3.5 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash through 2024. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. As was mentioned in our press release, we've decided to pay a special dividend of $35 per share. The dividend will be paid on November 27. Sarah will address this more later. In aggregate, including Calspan acquisition completed this past May, and this dividend to be paid in late November, we have allocated over $2.7 billion of capital in the interest of our shareholders in under seven months. Also, we disclosed in our press release earlier today, we agreed to acquire the Electron Device Business of communications and power industries, also known as CPI, for approximately $1.385 billion in cash. CPI's Electron Device Business is a leading global manufacturer of electronic components and subsystems primarily serving the aerospace and defense market. The products manufactured by this business are highly engineered proprietary components with significant aftermarket content and a strong presence across major aerospace and defense platforms. CPI's Electron Device Business generated approximately $300 million in revenue for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The acquisition is currently expected to close by the end of the third quarter of our fiscal 2024. As mentioned earlier, we are exiting fiscal 2023 with a sizable cash balance of close to $3.5 billion. Pro forma for the dividend, our fiscal year end cash balance is over $1.4 billion and growing. As always, we continue to closely monitor the credit markets and we will be assessing opportunities to utilize leverage for the acquisition of CPI's Electron Device Business and general corporate purposes, which may include potential future acquisitions, share repurchases under our stock repurchase program and dividends. Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we continue to actively look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the next 12 to 18 months, we continue to have a slightly stronger than typical pipeline of potential targets and remain encouraged concerning deal flow. As usual, the potential targets are mostly in the small and midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. As we move into our new fiscal year, the capital allocation priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. Our first priority is to reinvest in our businesses; second, do accretive disciplined M&A; and third, return capital to our shareholders via share buyback or dividends. A fourth option paying down debt seems unlikely at this time, though we still do take this into consideration. Moving to our outlook for fiscal 2024. The guidance assumes no additional acquisitions or divestitures and is based on current expectations for a continued recovery in our primary commercial end markets through fiscal 2024. Throughout fiscal 2023, we were encouraged by the recovery seen in our commercial revenues and strong booking trends. Our strong bookings support the fiscal 2024 commercial end market revenue guidance, which I will comment on shortly. Trends are positive across all three of our major market channels, commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and defense. We are cautiously optimistic that the prevailing conditions will continue to evolve favorably. We will watch this closely as we always do. And will react as necessary, including taking any preemptive steps that might be warranted. Changes in market condition and the impact to our primary end markets could lead to revisions in our guidance for 2024. Our initial guidance for the fiscal 2024 continuing operations is as follows and can also be found on Slide 7 in the presentation. The pending acquisition of CPI's Electron Device Business is excluded from this guidance. The midpoint of our fiscal 2024 revenue guidance of $7.58 billion or up approximately 15%. As a reminder and consistent with past years, with roughly 10% less working days than the subsequent quarters, fiscal 2024 Q1 revenues, EBITDA and EBITDA margins are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters of 2024. This revenue guidance is based on the following market channel growth rate assumptions. We expect commercial OEM revenue growth around 20%. Commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the mid-teens percentage range and defense revenue growth in the mid to high single-digit percentage range. The midpoint of fiscal 2024 EBITDA as defined guidance is $3.94 billion or up approximately 16% with an expected margin of around 52%. This guidance includes about 100 basis points of margin dilution from our recent Calspan acquisition. We anticipate EBITDA margin will move up throughout the year, with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4 of fiscal 2023. The midpoint of adjusted EPS is anticipated to be $31.97 or up approximately 24%. Sarah will discuss in more detail shortly the factors impacting EPS along with some other fiscal 2024 final assumptions and updates. We believe we are well positioned as we enter fiscal 2024. As usual, we will continue to closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I am very pleased with the company's performance this year and throughout the recovery for the commercial aerospace industry. We remain focused on our value drivers, cost structure and operational excellence. We look forward to fiscal 2024 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. Now let me hand it over to Mike Lisman, our TransDigm Group Co-COO, to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Mike Lisman: Good morning. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2022, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into the OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 22% in Q4 and 24% for full fiscal year 2023 compared with the prior year periods. Sequentially, total commercial OEM revenues grew by about 4% compared to Q3. Bookings in the quarter were strong compared to the same prior year period. This strong bookings throughout fiscal 2023 supports the commercial OEM guidance for revenue growth of around 20% for fiscal 2024. OEM supply chain and labor challenges persist, but appear to be slowly progressing. We continue to be encouraged by the steadily increasing commercial OEM production rates at Boeing and Airbus and the strong airline demand for new aircraft. Supply chains remain in the bottleneck in its OEM production ramp-up. While risks remain towards achieving this ramp-up across the broader aerospace sector, we are optimistic that our operating units are well positioned to support the higher production targets. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 27% in Q4 and 31% for the full fiscal year 2023 compared with the prior year periods. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by the continued strength in our passenger submarket, which is by far our largest submarket. We also saw growth in our interior and biz jet submarkets compared to prior year Q4. These increases were minimally offset by a slight decline in our freight submarket. The post-COVID return to flying globally continues and is buoyed our primary commercial aftermarket submarkets, passenger, biz jet and interior, while the now sustained global softness in declines in global freight volumes, seen over the past year plus likely contributed to the minor decline in the freight submarket that we saw this quarter. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues increased by approximately 2%. Commercial aftermarket bookings for this quarter were strong compared to the same prior year period. And in the full 2023 fiscal year, these commercial aftermarket bookings exceeded sales nicely. The strong bookings levels in commercial aftermarket over the past 12 months support our commercial aftermarket guide for revenue growth in the mid-teen percent range for fiscal 2024. As a reminder, when forecasting our commercial aftermarket, we always look at rolling historical 12-month average booking trends, never just the most recent quarter, due to some lumpiness that we can often see and have historically seen in this end market. This lumpiness is not quite as big as what we can see in the defense end market, but it is there nonetheless. Turning to broader market dynamics and referencing the most recent IATA traffic data for September. Global revenue passenger miles still remain lower than pre-pandemic levels, but growth in air traffic over the past few months has continued to signal steady recovery momentum. Globally, a return to 2019 air traffic levels is still expected in 2024. Domestic travel continues to surpass pre-pandemic levels. And the most recently reported traffic data for September, global domestic air traffic was up 5% compared to pre-pandemic. Domestic air travel in China continues to improve and was up 8% in September compared to pre-pandemic. This is a significant improvement from China being down 55% only 9 months ago in December. We did not expect such a steep ramp-up in China activity this past year, and it was a nice surprise. Shifting over to the U.S. Domestic air travel for September came in 6% above pre-pandemic traffic. International traffic has continued to make strides over the past few months. A quarter ago, at the end of June, international travel globally was depressed about 12% compared to pre-pandemic levels, but in the most recent data for September, this travel was only down about 7%. Now some quick color on our commercial aftermarket submarkets, starting with the biz jet submarket. Business jet utilization is below the pandemic highs reached in 2021 and continues to temper. Overall, global business jet activity does remain above pre-pandemic levels by about 10% to 15% and time will tell how this normalizes over the upcoming months. Within our biz jet submarket, our revenue was well above pre-COVID levels. Next, on the cargo submarket. As a reminder, this is one of our smaller submarkets within the commercial aftermarket bucket. Global air cargo volumes have continued to struggle and after 19 straight months of year-over-year declines, just returned to flattish to slightly positive growth these last two months. Cargo Ton-Kilometers, CTKs have been below pre-pandemic levels. Additionally, full freighter aircraft are being used less now and have seen an increase in part rates due to the return of belly-cargo capacity on the passenger side. As mentioned on our last earnings call, we've started to see some booking softness in the freight submarket of our commercial aftermarket, likely as a result of the sustained declines in CTKs and the full freighter market challenges that I referenced. One quick aside to summarize what is currently going on in our commercial aftermarket submarkets and how we, as a management team, think about it. If you take a step back and look at how things have trended from pre-COVID to the present over the past four years. At COVID's onset, we saw a precipitous drop at first in the passenger submarket, followed shortly thereafter by a big run-up in freight to levels well in excess of pre-COVID activity. After a few years of seeing these trends, these markets are now in various stages of returning back to their original trend lines. Passenger traffic continues to surge back and with it, belly-cargo, while full freighter cargo aircraft traffic is dropping back to trend. We are happy to see this dynamic. Passenger is by far our largest submarket within the commercial aftermarket and we win on this trade-off between full freighters and passenger. Shifting to our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 15% in Q4 and 11% for the full fiscal year 2023 compared with the prior year periods. This full-year defense revenue growth exceeded our last guidance expectation of growth in the mid to high single-digit range that we gave on the last call. Sequentially, total defense revenues grew by approximately 9%. Defense bookings are also up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period. We continue to see improvements in the U.S. government defense spend outlays, which is reflected in our defense revenue and bookings performance this quarter. We are hopeful we will continue to see steady improvement. But as we have said many times before, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. We know the bookings and sales will come, but forecasting them with accuracy and precision is difficult. Lastly, I'd like to finish by recognizing the strong efforts and accomplishments of our 49 op unit teams during fiscal 2023. It was a good year, and we are pleased with the operating performance they delivered for our shareholders. As we enter our new fiscal year, our management teams remain committed to our consistent operating strategy and servicing the now very strong demand for our products. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our CFO, Sarah Wynne.
Sarah Wynne: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to review a few additional financial matters for fiscal 2023 and then also our expectations for fiscal 2024. First, a few additional fiscal 2023 data points on organic growth, taxes and liquidity. In the fourth quarter, our organic growth rate was 18.5%, driven by the continued rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On taxes, our GAAP and adjusted tax rate finished the year within their expected ranges. Our fiscal 2023 GAAP rate was 24% and the adjusted rate was just under 25%. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally defined as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $1.8 billion for the year, higher than the $1.4 billion we had originally expected, driven primarily by the good operating performance that Kevin and Mike mentioned, and the extra EBITDA we generated above our original guidance carries over to cash flow. As Kevin mentioned, we ended the year with approximately $3.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet or over $1.4 billion when pro forma for the $35 dividend. At year-end, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 4.8x, down from the 5.3x at the end of last quarter. Pro forma for the $35 per share dividend announced this morning, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is 5.4x. The dividend payment date is expected to be November 27. We continue to watch the rising interest rate environment closely. We remain 80% hedged on our total $20 billion gross debt balance through a combination of interest rate caps, swaps and collars through 2025. This provides us adequate cushion against any rising rates, at least in the immediate term. Our EBITDA to interest expense coverage ratio, which, as a reminder, becomes more important in a higher interest rate environment and is a metric we actively monitor and take into consideration in these times of elevated interest rates ended the year at 3.1x on a pro forma basis, which sits comfortably in line with our pre-COVID average range of 2x to 3x. We continue to be comfortable operating the business within these brackets. With regard to any potential changes to our long-term approach to using debt to boost our equity returns, we are actively watching the interest rate environment closely, but do not anticipate any big changes in our approach at this time. Next, on the fiscal 2024 expectations, I'm going to give some more details on the financial assumptions around interest expense, taxes and share count. Special note that all of my comments and data here include the payment of the $35 dividend, but exclude the acquisition of CPI's Electron Device Business entirely, which is still subject to regulator approval, and we expect to close by the end of our third quarter in fiscal 2024. Net interest expense is expected to be about $1.25 billion in fiscal 2024. And this equates to a weighted average cash interest rate of approximately 6.3%. This estimate assumes an average SOFR rate of 5.4% for the full-year. On taxes, our fiscal 2024 GAAP, cash and adjusted tax rates are all anticipated to be in the range of 22% to 24%. The slight decrease in our tax rate versus the prior year is due mainly to the additional interest expense we are able to deduct for tax purposes, given our higher expected EBIT for 2024. On the share count, we expect our weighted average shares outstanding to be 57.8 million shares in 2024. With regard to liquidity and leverage for fiscal 2024, as we would traditionally define our free cash flow from operations at TransDigm, which again, is EBITDA as defined less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes, we estimate this metric to be close to $2 billion in fiscal 2024. With regard to the dividend, the $35 per share payment announced this morning represents a gross payout of just over $2 billion. The record date for the special dividend is November 20, and the payout date is expected to be November 27. After paying out the $35 per share dividend in cash and assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market transactions, we would end the year with over $3 billion of cash on the balance sheet, which would imply a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio close to 4x at the end of fiscal 2024. However, this excludes the acquisition of CPI's Electron Device Business which is still subject to regulator approval, and we expect to close by the end of our third quarter in fiscal 2024. As Kevin mentioned at the outset, we are actively monitoring the capital markets and assessing opportunities to utilize leverage for this acquisition and general corporate purposes, which may include potential future acquisitions, share repurchases or dividends. And as a reminder, there has been no change in our approach to how we think about capital allocation or leverage with our typical target in the 5% to 7% net debt ratio range. We will continue to watch this ratio along with the cash interest coverage ratio of EBITDA to interest expense as we actively pursue options of maximizing value to our shareholders through our capital allocation strategy. So a final note on that, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via share buybacks and/or additional dividends during the course of fiscal 2024. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Myles Walton with Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Myles Walton: I was hoping you can give us a little bit more color on the CPI business itself, understanding that you obviously haven't closed on it, but maybe just a little context of the nature of the aftermarket that it has, maybe it looks a little bit more defense than commercial. So how does that flow? And then maybe just from a process perspective, is this something that's been on your watch list for a while or something that's more recently popped up?
Kevin Stein: Thanks, Myles. This is an acquisition that came through deal flow. It is a business we had looked at a number of times over the years. It is a company that makes vacuum tube type products, power generation products for high-power applications in aerospace and defense. A lot of it flies. Some of it doesn't. Big applications, though are  tend to be a little more defense, but there is an industrial and medical products technology here. We look at this acquisition as right down the fairway for us. This is a component business, highly, highly engineered. With significant access to the aftermarket, these products need to be repaired and overhauled every three to four years at regular intervals. So we believe this provides the basic tenants that we look for.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then just one quick one on defense. The sales in the quarter. Obviously, you're expecting it to be flat, is up about 9%. Is that short-cycle stuff coming through? Is the supply chain there improved? I see from the slide, it's still called it out as a watch item, but was it the better sales result of customer pull or supply performance?
Mike Lisman: It was both. We saw a bit of increased demand free up from all the main customers and bit more on the aftermarket side and stuff we were able to get out this quarter. The bookings also ticked up, which sets us up well heading into next year. The supply chain side, that is starting to ease a little bit. It's with regard to getting the stuff we need in to build  build our components and ship them out the door, we're probably in a better spot than we were, say, 12 or 18 months ago, but the supply chain, our supply chain is still not back to where it was pre-COVID in terms of hitting on-time deliveries and getting stuff to us perfectly on time. So heading in the right direction, but probably still a bit more work to do there and definitely not as much of a headwind as it was, say, 12 months ago.
Myles Walton: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hello. Can you hear me?
Kevin Stein: Yes. Good morning.
Sarah Wynne: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Hi. I was hoping we could pick apart the exact aftermarket bookings by month in the quarter?
Kevin Stein: We don't pull apart bookings like that.
Noah Poponak: I was kidding. I was kidding, Kevin.
Kevin Stein: My blood pressure was starting to go up there. Sorry, Noah.
Mike Lisman: As you know, we don't even get the quarter.
Noah Poponak: Right, as you shouldn't. Hey. So when you just went through all that math on the balance sheet, after all this capital deployment and you mentioned ending the year at four turns of net debt-to-EBITDA, recognizing that's pre-CPI close. But even once you close that, the balance sheet  that won't change the leverage that much once you add the EBITDA and then keep generating cash flow. So I guess as you sized the special dividend, was that with an eye towards the acquisition pipeline? And should we read that to mean that you still see a lot out there to maybe go after and therefore, you wanted to leave that firepower on the balance sheet?
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think we're always ambitious and casting that's wide to find opportunities that fit our criteria. We want to be aerospace, you'd love to be more commercial than defense because you can make more money, better returns on the commercial side. No, I think we see we will need to do something on the capital allocation side next year. Even with the CPI debt, we will look to take on possibly  we will need to do something towards the end of the year and whether that's a buyback or a dividend or other acquisitions, we'll have to see how the market unfolds. We're pretty encouraged by deal flow in general. We're seeing a lot of things on the M&A side. And we need to stay disciplined, and that's what we will do. And when we find a deal and we go forward with it, it's with the knowledge that we're going to hit TransDigm like returns on these acquisitions.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And Kevin, maybe I missed it, but if you could speak to the profitability of CPI. Just we can see the revenue multiple, but what are the margins like? Where can you take them over time? And then last one for me would just be if you could touch on Calspan for a minute. Just now that you've had it for a little bit longer, that was a deal that did look a little different, had some questions from the market. Anything noteworthy there? Or just kind of what you thought you bought? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think margins at CPI are well, well below TransDigm margins. I think there is opportunity to improve, of course, but this is very early on in the process. We don't own the business yet. So too early for us to comment. And we usually don't comment much on this, but too early for us to have much granularity or vision there. We just know there  we're going to look to find opportunities to expand and grow that business. On Calspan, I think what I would say is we're very encouraged by the acquisition. It looks like it is running at or slightly ahead of our model. And we're very encouraged by that business and the different aspects of that market and the M&A that we did when we acquired Calspan. It's not a traditional component business. So the fact that the TransDigm model still holds is very encouraging.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Mike Lisman: [Indiscernible] at least as good as we thought it was when we set out to buy probably a little better based on seven months of ownership or so.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Sarah Wynne: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Just a couple from me. First of all, on the CPI business. You mentioned that it does have some sort of non-aerospace defense exposure here. Are you intending to keep that within TransDigm? Or would you be looking to sell it on?
Kevin Stein: We would keep that within TransDigm. We have a non-aerospace industrial section of the company now as pieces come along with M&A. Absolutely encouraged by that part of the business. I think the Medtronic medical device is a very interesting market, and one that we wouldn't mind learning more about through exposure through this business.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then on the aftermarket guidance for fiscal 2024 in the mid-teens, that's roughly half where you ended up for fiscal 2023. How do you expect that to progress as the year goes by? Are we going to see an abrupt step down here? Or is it going to be a sort of gradual process and by the end of fiscal 2024 below that to full-year guidance?
Mike Lisman: Yes. We don't want to start giving anything that sounds too much like quarterly guidance, but a little bit of color on what we expect. We'd expect the gradual ramp up throughout the course of the year. As you know, Q1 for us just because of the way the working day step work out. That is a lower percentage of the total year's revenue forecast because of the 10% working days. But we expect the March up to sort of track the takeoffs and landings, largely speaking, over the course of next year. It increases the year goes on with some sequential ramp ups throughout fiscal 2024. It doesn't always happen that way, right? I could see some lumps here and there, but that's pretty much what we expect and consistent with prior years.
Robert Stallard: Okay. So the actual number progresses through the year, but the percentage growth rate year-on-year will be coming down as the year progresses, right?
Mike Lisman: That's fair. That's a fair assumption and obvious result of the mass and the comps the way they work. Correct.
Robert Stallard: Exactly. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
David Strauss: Probably a question for Sarah. I think you talked about $2 billion in cash flow as you define it. What should we assume from work, in terms of working capital on top of that? I think this past year, you had like a $400 million drag from working capital.
Sarah Wynne: Yes. On the working capital going forward, I'd probably assume about a neutral. Like you said, you saw we defined working capital as accounts receivable inventory less payables, and we added about $500 million this year. That was more than our peak to trough of the COVID downside where we took out about $400 million. And obviously, we also put some of that back in fiscal 2022. I think now we're in pretty good shape, and I would assume neutral going forward.
David Strauss: Okay. And Kevin, a question, I guess, two parter on the aftermarket. Are your aftermarket volumes now back about in line with pre-pandemic levels? That's the first question. And then the second question, in terms of the mid-teens growth guidance. Is it fair to think of that being roughly half price, half volume in terms of what you're thinking? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: It's Mike. I'll take that one. First, on the volume and where we stand now across our whole commercial aftermarket in FY2023, we're probably down in the volume space, something like 15% or so. That varies by submarket. The passenger piece is down, obviously, 15%, sorry, I should have highlighted that, passengers down 15%. The interior stuff is probably off a little bit more. Freight is up more from where it was pre-COVID and Biz Jet, Heli is up a bit too in the aggregate across all commercial aftermarket in FY 2023. We're not quite back to 100, if 100 was FY2019, but we're close. And then in FY2024, what we expect to see on the volume side within passenger going to that submarket is basically to get back to pretty much close to 100. That's how our plans came in, which is what you'd expect, consistent with where the takeoffs and landings and RPMs are trending. And then the freight and Biz Jet both sort of trending along as well, but probably not up as big as the passenger subsegment. And then in the aggregate, what that means for FY2024 across our whole commercial aftermarket bucket is that we're probably up a little bit in the volume space, above 100 if FY2019 is, again, defined as 100. The second part of your question on price and volume trends, first on price and commercial aftermarket, we aim to, as you guys know, across our business, get a slightly positive amount of real price every year. So price a little bit ahead of inflation. In this environment, that sort of implies the direction you were heading on a 15% aftermarket guide, roughly half and half. That's not miles off, sort of directionally accurate, but the price will aim to get real price ahead of inflation, but you're not too far off. We don't give the exact amount of price and volume trends, but it's directionally accurate.
David Strauss: Perfect. Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, hello. Hey. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Ronald Epstein: So one of the things we've been hearing is given the move in kind of interest rates and what's going on in the financial world, that there's just less competition out there for deals from financial sponsors and private equity and so on and so forth. Is that the case? And is that giving you guys a tailwind in your potential things you could do?
Kevin Stein: I don't  I haven't found that to be the case. We see lots of competition. In fact, CPI was a competitive deal. I haven't seen anything that wasn't in a competitive process. So I have not noticed that. I think in the aerospace and defense sector, there may be deeper pockets. So I'm not seeing that there's no one bidding on businesses. I think if that was the case, there wouldn't be many things coming to market. So we're seeing a lot of competitive processes.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. And then, Kevin, when you think about directions to go, help me as outsiders kind of looking in, I mean, how should we think about that? I mean what vectors could you guys go down? I mean, how can I frame this, that you can actually answer it. Broadly, is there an area in the portfolio that seems like there's a hole? Or you're just kind of agnostic to just what could fit the model and kind of fit the end markets? If we just want to try to get a broader understanding of how things could go?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We don't look at the market as there are holes in technology that we need to fill or products that we have to have. We're agnostic about what products and technologies we have. We're looking for things, though, that are highly engineered, proprietary. They have a noted position in the marketplace. They have aftermarket content and of sorts. So if you look at the businesses that we continue to identify and find. They fit this criteria. And as long as we continue to find proprietary products like this, highly engineered products, we will continue to grow. There's no reason for us to believe we're running out of these. It's the nice thing about aerospace and defense is that there's so many technologies utilized across so many different products and applications with no commonality. There is still so many places for us to grow. I am not contemplating going outside of aerospace and defense. I don't see a need for that. We do love to learn about other markets and technologies, much like we will with CPI in the medical device side, and we'll see what we learn. But right now, I think the landscape is very full for us on the aerospace and defense side. And again, given our the value generation model that we have, we don't need to acquire hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars of EBITDA every year. We target and I'm sure all of you have heard me say this many times, if we acquire $50 million to $100 million of EBITDA per year, that's all we need to feed this model and continue to do what we do. Larger acquisitions are better. But as long as we continue to find those opportunities to swing at and we'll be fine, and we'll continue to grow quite nicely. Does that answer your question?
Ronald Epstein: Yes, it does. Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning guys. How are you? Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I wanted to ask on OE margins. They're growing faster than the aftermarket. Kevin, you talked about Calspan being 100 basis points dilutive. So how do we think about that OE versus aftermarket mix on your EBITDA margin guidance?
Mike Lisman: Yes. So based on the guidance we're giving the OE slightly outgrows the aftermarket, right? We have the OE of around 20% the aftermarket we called in the mid-teens. There's a slight headwind there. If you guys took some swag at the math. I mean, it's noise level type headwind, right? We're talking a couple of tenths of a point on the margin. So nothing material that we won't be able to overcome with productivity. The big one that swings us year-over-year downward is obviously just Calspan. And as Kevin said in his comments, that's like a full point of EBITDA margin dilution downwards. So not to too much headwind from the OE ramp up, but a little bit a couple of tenths.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Got it. And you mentioned CPI is not in the guidance, but obviously well below TransDigm on the margins, it's a very wide range. Can you give us an idea of how below TransDigm margins they are? And then on aftermarket, I just wanted to ask if there's any impact from higher AOGs incorporated into your expectations?
Kevin Stein: I'll let Mike answer the last one. But on CPI, the question, I don't
Mike Lisman: I think you were trying to get at the margin, Sheila. And just...
Kevin Stein: We don't own it yet. It's too early for us to comment on that. It's well, well below TransDigm averages. Where do we see it getting to  it's probably too early for us to even comment on that. We haven't been in the door. So we need some time to unpack that, and then we'll be able to update you.
Mike Lisman: And then on the second half of your question, Sheila, I think you asked about AOG, and I assume you're trying to get it gear turbofan issues and some of the aircraft grounding that created across the fleet. It's nothing material when it comes to our guidance as far as that racks up. We're so diversified and market-weighted across all the platforms out there that there's not a big uptick we expect from that. But that said, given that those aircraft are newer and grounded, older stuff has to fly and some of the airlines are probably going to a lesser fleet to keep those older aircraft flying. It's probably about a little bit of a tailwind, but it's not material and more noise level. And it's not something that we factored a huge upside into our plan from.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Herbert: Yes. Hey, good morning. Good morning everybody. Maybe Kevin or Mike, when you think about aftermarket, it sounds like in 2023, China was maybe relative to initial expectations, the biggest source of upside. As you look at fiscal 2024 and the mid-teens guide either geographically or maybe in other parts of the market, where could we see some of the maybe biggest potential of upside as you think about the guidance and the market dynamics today?
Mike Lisman: Yes. So I guess two things. First, if the market grows more quickly, as you saw from our guide this year, we'll be ready to supply the demand if it's there. I think our original commercial aftermarket guidance for last year was 15%. We finished it a little bit more than double that, right? So we were conservative with the guide when we went out and the China surge back is a big contributor to what carried us up as well as the pocket of strength elsewhere. We'd look to do the same thing this year as well, provided that, that occurs. Who knows where it comes from, right? The international stuff is probably a bit more depressed still specifically in Asia Pacific, that's down the most. It could rally back. That's still down double-digit percentage versus where it was pre-COVID. Hard to forecast that, though, right? And we didn't get out over our skis when we or do we think our op units did when we came up with expectations for FY2024. I think the biggest source of upside, not just in FY2024, but as you look out a couple of years, is when you take a step back, in most prior downturns, 9/11, the financial crisis stuff that went on, you sort of got back to that original trend line after a couple of years. And now in FY2024, we're just getting back to FY2019, right? But there's still a bit of pent-up demand there potentially because you guys know what drives RPMs, right? It's GDP growth and rising middle class and all that stuff. And we've got four years now where we've sort of been below that past trend line, where we've not seen the 5% RPM growth per year that, that trend line was sort of on and where we were heading. And that sort of pent-up demand, who knows how this recovery goes. But FY2024, we'll get back to where we were in FY2019. But based on the underlying demand for global air travel, you would think there's still quite a bit of pent-up demand there that should be a good tailwind for us as well as others in the sector out beyond FY2024. And who knows if you get back to the original trend line. And prior downturns, you sort of did, and we'll see. But it should be a bit of a tailwind as we continue out past this coming year.
Kenneth Herbert: That's helpful. And as you look at  and it sounds like a lot of the strength in 2024 is going to come from the passenger side. Are you seeing anything that would give you a little bit more concern around pushback from airlines in terms of spare part pricing? And is that maybe at all relative to the last couple of years, any reason to think about a different assumption on pricing into the aftermarket?
Mike Lisman: No. As we said earlier, we aim to get a little bit of real price ahead of inflation. That's what we've achieved historically. That's what we'll try to do this year. Same playbook we've always had this year. No huge pushback. I think the airlines are happy to get the parts and keep their aircraft flying in the air generating revenue now.
Kenneth Herbert: Great. Thanks, Mike.
Mike Lisman: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I just wanted to follow-up on two things. One, in the aftermarket, are you guys seeing any change in scope or just purchasing behavior from the airline customers because we see a lot of these airline stocks are obviously down a lot. They're under some pressure now, the companies. I don't know if you're seeing any evidence of destocking or just whatever buying less than they normally would in average order size. Anything of that nature perhaps?
Mike Lisman: Yes. We're not seeing much of that. I mean, as you know, it's hard to get exact intelligence into the inventory levels of the airlines. But generally, we're not giving them volume discounts anyway. So they don't tend to hold too much of our stuff. But no, we're not seeing very much at all. I don't think we've seen any of the dynamic you described there.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Good. And then relatedly, any discernible differences between the distribution channel and direct to the airlines and MROs?
Mike Lisman: No. For the most part, the distribution channel for us into commercial aftermarket, which is about a quarter, rough justice ebbs and flows a bit of the total commercial aftermarket revenue dollars. That's been tracking  the POS there has been pretty much tracking for this whole year, together with our commercial aftermarket growth pretty closely. So no meaningful disconnects because of distributor, inventory or anything. They've been moving not exactly unlocks that, right, because you do get little bit of noise here and there, but pretty much in the same direction consistently throughout the year.
Gautam Khanna: Great. Thanks so much.
Mike Lisman: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason Gursky: Hello? Can you hear me?
Mike Lisman: Yes.
Jason Gursky: Oh, okay, great. Yes, suddenly went silent on me. Sorry about that. Hey. I just wanted to revisit the margin question that Sheila touched on earlier in your comment that the mix shift towards OE, the growth rate being a little higher there relative to aftermarket leads to a pretty modest headwind from a margin perspective that you think you can make up in productivity. As we look out further into the future and the potential for retirement is accelerating as the OE ramp goes higher. Can you just talk about how you all think internally about that potential outcome and some of the opportunities and risks to margins? Kind of curious to know whether, as retirements accelerate in certain aircraft whether you can actually get better price and so the margins of your business, have some upward bias to them? And then on the OE side, is it a question of higher volumes allow you to expand margins as you get some OpEx leverage. I'm just kind of curious to know, longer term, how you think about a widening gap between OE growth and aftermarket growth over time and the impact that, that has on margins?
Mike Lisman: Sure. I'll try to give a little bit of color that shed some light on how we think about the various factors here that obviously, given guidance out in FY2024 is tough enough, which is why we range-bounded to do a couple of years out after that is even tougher. But generally, as it pertains to retirements, we still make really good money on margins on the new aircraft that come into service. If you look now at the fleet age, I think something like the fleet is a little bit older than it's been historically something like 80% of it out of the five-year warranty window versus a historical average of closer to 70%. That creates a really slight tailwind for us. Again, nothing tremendously material. But over time, as the OE production ramps up through the 2030 time period or so, you'd expect that to get probably closer to like the 70% historical average. But again, we'll still make very attractive commercial aftermarket margins on the newer stuff that's flying as well. The other question we get a lot on the retirement, and I think this is where you were going, is there some impact from USM hurt you guys. We've not seen that historically. We monitor it real time, as you know, from the price points of our products and the way the dynamic works there with higher value engine content primarily targeted as well as avionics on the USM side. We just historically have not seen much negative impact from that. The retirements are really low. They're like half of the historical average rate of 2.5% of the fleet. We don't count on that dynamic being the same for us going forward, though. So it's something we always monitor and look at real time, but we don't expect a huge headwind there. So generally, we think, obviously, the OE ramps up going forward, maybe a little bit of a margin headwind, but nothing insurmountable. And the aftermarket is going to continue growing here as well for a couple of years out. So we think we're sitting in a good spot.
Jason Gursky: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Hey. Good morning everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: Maybe follow-up on  sorry, there was a delay there. Kevin, following up on your answer to Noah's earlier question, I mean taking a step back, the enterprise is generating strong free cash flow. You're able to digest a special dividend this year and the CPI acquisition and still have capacity and desire for significant capital deployment next year. So taking into consideration the current interest rate environment, what's your target leverage for next year when you assess your next capital deployment event?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think Sarah said this in her  we would like to be in the 5x to 7x. We're comfortable in that range. And I think that's where we would like to sit. We'll see how the capital markets respond, where there are opportunities for M&A and all this will go into the mix. But as she said, 5x to 7x. We're comfortable in that range. I can't really give you a better forecast than that, that's our historical comfort range.
Kristine Liwag: Great. And if I could add one on defense. I mean the pricing model regarding defense had been under the microscope with a series of IG investigations over the past 15 years. But I think with the strength in margin, what's been underestimated is the operating strength of TransDigm. So looking at the businesses that you've acquired in defense, how much more margin expansion is there on production efficiencies? And as the employee TransDigm best practices in manufacturing, is this something that you could see a few 100 basis points in margin expansion?
Mike Lisman: Across all our businesses, we target  if we continue to execute our playbook on cost reductions, getting a little bit of real price every year and growing new business, we target sort of close to a percentage point of EBITDA margin improvement per year. That's true across all parts of our businesses. Most of them have a little bit of defense, and we look to drive that kind of performance there as well. I see no reason that would change going forward. And that's through a mix of, obviously, the whole playbook, all three value drivers. New business stuff driving productivity and getting costs out and then also a little bit of real price ahead of inflation.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gavin Parsons with UBS.
Gavin Parsons: Hey. Thanks very much. Good morning.
Sarah Wynne: Good morning.
Gavin Parsons: 20% growth on OE organically, I think, implies you're back above pre-COVID levels in 2024. And I assume a decent amount of that is business jet, but just wanted to ask kind of where you are on transport? And where you think the build rates go in the year?
Mike Lisman: I think that's about right, maybe a little bit below. I think the past OEM peak, if you went all the way back to [indiscernible] before the 73 MAX issue happened, then obviously that sort of makes 2019 the not the best comp point. So I think you need to go back to 2018. And I think on the OEM side with Boeing and Airbus, we're actually quite a bit below. I don't have the exact stats in front of me, but we've looked at them recently. And I think we are down. Biz Jet, so that's the commercial transport side down a bit. Biz Jet, obviously, we're back. I think you guys read the next  all the same headlines we do in terms of book-to-bills across the big Biz Jet OEMs. And those guys are doing quite well and volumes  production volumes are up quite a bit. The transport side, narrow-bodies are up and doing well, and the widebodies are still quite a bit down. I think if you go and look at widebody forecasts, it's hard to find and you look at your guys' estimates. It's hard to find as well as others. Hard to find someone who's projecting widebody production volume that gets back to the prior peak in the projected period. And some of you guys go all the way out to 2028, 2029, 2030, there's just been a shift to the airlines for more narrow body. So it seems that's where the backlog has become more heavily weighted and therefore, where the production will be.
Gavin Parsons: Got it. And obviously, we can see kind of overall inflation trends, but maybe it seems like there's some pressure on wages in the aerospace and defense industry. Do you guys feel like your past kind of peak inflation on the cost side?
Mike Lisman: Hard to say. We're not macroeconomic forecasters, and I don't think anybody inside your respective shops who do the macroeconomic forecasting, saw this one coming. We look at past periods where inflation has spiked to the current kind of levels of that. And if you go back 80 years, usually, it goes up to this kind of level, and it's a four, five-year phenomenon. So we don't count on it necessarily coming down, hope for the best, but certainly planned for the worst. That's the way we pulled together the plan for this year. And if it goes down, we'll be  good to see that, obviously, but we certainly don't count on it. In terms of inflation pressures on our business, I think we mentioned on a couple of prior earnings calls when this question was asked, what are we seeing on materials and labor and that kind of stuff, and it's been sort of in a 5-ish percent area, maybe a little bit higher. And I would say that dynamic doesn't seem to have changed very much in the past few months. I know the CPI readings have come down that they publish here in the U.S. Europe is still high. We haven't seen any kind of coming off of the prior levels really across our business.
Gavin Parsons: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Pete Osterland with Truist Securities.
Peter Osterland: Hey. Good morning. I'm on for Mike Ciarmoli this morning. Thanks for taking our questions.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Peter Osterland: Just wanted to parse out what's driving your growth expectations in fiscal 2024 in the defense market. So just maybe any color on how that growth could be impacted by the budget environment? And then anything you can give us on pricing dynamics with the DoD and your expectations there?
Mike Lisman: Yes. When we pull together the guidance, obviously, we think about and take into consideration things like continuing resolutions or some potential shutdown for a short period of time. All that stuff mainly generates for us a little bit of timing impact. The demand eventually comes just given the state of the world now, we did think about that a little bit that we pulled together the guidance and made sure that we have some leeway there. So it's sort of incorporated into what you guys are providing today. And then on the pricing side, I think we continue to target kind of the same pricing dynamic we described, which is a little bit of pricing, real pricing ahead of inflation and no major change there.
Peter Osterland: Right. Thanks. And then as a follow-up, just maybe an update on labor market conditions you're seeing productivity or attrition still a significant headwind. Just given your strong margin performance, it seems like maybe it hasn't been significant, but just wondering if there's potential for additional upside there if labor-related headwinds are something you're experiencing?
Mike Lisman: Yes. We haven't seen a ton of significant headwinds. We've gone  I think you guys know a small percentage of our overall workforce is unionized. We've had several successful negotiations around wages when the renewals came up during the past 12 or 18 months in this high inflation environment with no issues, and our op unit teams have worked through it quite well, but no major issues.
Joel Reiss: This is Joel. I'll just add. I mean we've spent the last few years really working on automation projects and working to improve the  our processes within our factories to make us less susceptible to that.
Peter Osterland: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle with Deutsche Bank. Scott, your line is now open. Our next question will come from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius Research.
Scott Mikus: Hi. Scott Mikus on for Rob Spingarn. Kevin, I wanted to ask you, in the past, you've talked about TransDigm not eating inflation. I know you have caps and swaps in place, but does the rising cost of capital also factor into your pricing strategy? What I'm trying to get at is are you going to pass on higher intense to your customers via price. So you can still convert free cash at 50% of EBITDA?
Kevin Stein: That's not the way we look at it. So it doesn't factor in. It is part of costs and inflationary pressures in general  the way we analyze pricing and inflationary measures.
Scott Mikus: Okay. And then I also wanted to ask, are your operating units, noticing any meaningful uptick in their parts being PM8 at all?
Mike Lisman: No, no. I mean we're always actively monitoring that and looking for threats there. No meaningful uptick from prior levels of kind of low activity. I think we put a slide on this in the June investor deck that we put out, you might find helpful, but no, no meaningful uptick.
Scott Mikus: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hey. Got it. I wanted to get your perspective on the MAX original equipment ramp because you guys have been pretty clear eyed on the overall OE ramp. And it felt like you had gone from kind of skeptical to cautiously optimistic in the middle of the year. And then now the industry has faced the situation where some other supply chain issues have held up MAX deliveries. And so I'm curious on your perspective, did the underlying total supply chain keep moving along to the medium-term Boeing master schedule there? Or are the recent supply chain issues going to hold that ramp back by some meaningful period of time more than a handful of months?
Kevin Stein: I think we can only comment on what we see. I don't know about the larger supply chain. And Mike, Joel can jump in. But I think that the ramp has been slow enough that I don't know if the larger supply chain will be hampered as it tries to continue to ramp up. But that is, of course, assuming that the various quality issues and other things that have hampered delivery get resolved.
Mike Lisman: Yes. I think that's right. And we obviously see Boeing's target to, I think, get the MAX rate back towards 38 or so. We're ready to support them. If they can get there across all our op units, we hope it happens. It's obviously in our interest to see them and the rest of the supply chain fully recover and get out past this. We don't necessarily count on when we pull our forecast together for the year, though, hitting those targets, which, again, still see maybe a bit aspirational to us on the year.
Kevin Stein: And I think that's a good word aspirational.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle with Deutsche Bank.
Kevin Stein: Are you here?
Scott Deuschle: Yes. I'm here. Sorry about that guys. Good afternoon. Sarah, just on the $692 million contract at Armtec One, are you able to offer any detail on how much that might contribute to defense growth in 2024? It seems like potentially a lot, but be curious if you could put a finer point on that, if possible? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: Hi, guys. It's Mike. I'll take that one. It's a bit off unit related. Given the ramp on that program, it's one of the biggest awards in TransDigms history obviously. But given the expected ramp rate, we've got a  we'll go  we'll actually under that contract go to a third shift at the facility, build up some new capacity, including a new building to support the government on the important 155-millimeter program. That's gotten a lot of attention. We provide with this contract, obviously, one of the critical parts that goes into supporting it. Government is a super important customer for us. On the year, given the way the production ramp ramps up. A lot of the focus out of the gate will be on getting the capacity where it needs to be with the expansion. And the revenue upside is not hugely significant. It's more of an FY2025 into FY2026 kind of matter. If we get things going a little bit earlier and ahead of schedule, could be a bit of upside in FY2024. We didn't count on that as we pulled together the forecast for the year, though. And I think as you guys know, we aim to be a bit conservative with the guidance we give.
Scott Deuschle: Okay. Great. And that CapEx is funded by the government on this project, right?
Mike Lisman: It is.
Scott Deuschle: Got it. And then last question, Mike  for Mike as well. Are you seeing much aftermarket parts demand on newer platforms like 787 and A220 yet? Or is that still yet to come as these fleets age? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: I think we're seeing about historically what we've seen, and we're sort of market weighted on the aftermarket side based on takeoffs and landings by platform. We're seeing about what we'd expect to see at the platform level. No big deviations by op unit or deviations versus the takeoffs and landings that you're seeing across the fleet.
Scott Deuschle: All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Hey. Good morning everyone.
Sarah Wynne: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: So one quick question about the margin. I think when you guys initially acquired Calspan. The expectation was that, that would be about  on an annualized basis, that would be about 100 basis points of margin pressure. And then in 2024, for a partial year, it seems like it's still about 100 basis points of margin pressure, but it sounds like things are going at least according to plan, if not better. And so is there anything else that's changed with regard to Calspan's expectations? Or maybe is there just some conservatism embedded in that guidance?
Mike Lisman: I think it's conservatism and noise level deviations. We round a bit when we give you guys those things of about a percentage point. It's not exactly a percentage point. I think it's a little bit ahead of that. The business is performing well, though. As Kevin said, it's at least as good as we thought it was when we bought it, maybe based on five months of ownership a little bit better. But you don't really  as you guys know, with M&A, once you own something two full years or so, you really know it and understand it, and we'll know where it's headed. But based on what we see so far, it's looking good. And then those  the dilution amounts, it's a bit of rounding here and there, but it's noise-level stuff, and it was, I think, a little bit above the 1.0 percentage point mark, which is what's generating the 1.0 percentage dilution coming this year in FY2024.
Seth Seifman: Right. Right. Okay. Cool. And then maybe, Kevin, on the CPI deal, kind of it seems consistent with some other stuff that you guys have done in the past. But I think that kind of since the pandemic, you've talked a little bit more about being focused on commercial acquisitions. And not necessarily looking to increase the defense portion of the pie through M&A. This deal doesn't really change the pie that much in terms of its size. But are you  would you say that you're more agnostic now in terms of commercial defense
Kevin Stein: No. I think we would still prefer  we would still prefer commercial businesses over defense. Commercial businesses aren't as lumpy defense businesses can have. It's difficult to forecast the revenue. So we would still prefer commercial. You can make a better return on a commercial business. There's more revenue growth on and on. But you can only swing at the pitches that get thrown at you or thrown to you. So this was the business that was available. And when you find them that meet your criteria, again, proprietary products, highly engineered, access to aftermarket, in this case, significant 70% aftermarket phenomenal. You love those businesses, and they're important for us to acquire. So yes, we would still rather find great commercial businesses, but defense businesses can also meet the criteria.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Jaimie Stemen for closing remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining today's call. We appreciate it. This concludes the call. We appreciate your time, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day! And thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jaimie. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2023 third quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Co-Chief Operating Officer, Joel Reiss; and Chief Financial Officer, Sarah Wynne. Also present for our call today is our Co-Chief Operating Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discuss our fiscal 23 outlook. Then Jorge and Sarah will give additional color on quarter. As we previously announced on May 26, we made three significant organizational changes this quarter. Jorge Valladares will retire at the end of TransDigm's 2023 fiscal year. Jorge has served as TransDigm COO for the past four years. His prior roles include co-COO, Executive Vice President, and President of three TransDigm operating units. Jorge will aid in the transition of his role to the new co-COO's Mike Lisman and Joel Reiss until his retirement date. Jorge also joined TransDigm Board of Directors as of May of May 26. Jorge has been with the company more than 25 years and has been an integral part of the long-term value creation of TransDigm and a key player in the cultural preservation of the company. Jorge has done a truly outstanding job and we sincerely thank him for his dedication. We are happy to have Jorge continue contributing to the growth of TransDigm as a member of the company's board. Mike Lisman and Joel Reiss have assumed the roles of co-COO's. Mike served as TransDigm CFO for the past five years prior to becoming CFO. He worked at our Aerofluid Products Operating Unit and on the M&A team at TransDigm. Joel is a long-time employee of TransDigm having joined the company in 2000. He was an executive vice president for the last eight years. Prior to that Joel served as president at two different TransDigm operating units, Hartwell and Skirka Aerospace. Before becoming a president Joel was the director of operations at our Adams Wright Operating Unit. Sarah Wynne has assumed the role of CFO after having served as TransDigm's chief accounting officer for the past five years. Sarah has been with the company for 20 years and before becoming TransDigm's chief accounting officer she was a group controller overseeing the financial reporting of several operating units. Prior to that Sarah was the controller at our Aerofluid Products Operating Unit and held various accounting positions in the TransDigm Corporate Office. Mike, Joel and Sarah bring a unique mix of experience and a broad range of aerospace businesses to their new roles. They are all experienced TransDigm executives with proven track records. We are very excited to promote internally developed long-tenured employees to each of these roles to perpetuate TransDigm's unique culture. I'm confident that they will continue to create the kind of value that has been the long-term hallmark of TransDigm. Now moving on to the business of today. To reiterate we believe we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy specifically. First we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second we utilize a simple well proven value-based operating methodology. Third we have a decentralized organizational structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE like returns. And lastly our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release we had a solid quarter. Our Q3 total revenue was strong and we had a robust EBITDA as defined margin for the quarter. Additionally we once again raised our guidance for the year. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and trends are still favorable as demand for travel remains high. Global domestic air traffic continues to lead the recovery and has surpassed pre-pandemic levels. International travel is also making progress and catching up to domestic travel. However, total air travel demand remains slightly below pre-COVID levels. There is still progress to be made for the industry and our results continue to be adversely affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels. In our business during the quarter we saw a healthy growth in our revenues and bookings for all three of our major market channels. Commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and defense. Revenues also sequentially improved in all three of these market channels. EBITDA has defined margin improved to 52.5% in the quarter. Contributing to this strong margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues along with diligent focus on our operating strategy. Additionally we had good operating cash flow generation in Q3 of over $400 million and ended the quarter with close to $3.1 billion of cash. We expect to continue generating additional cash in our final quarter of fiscal 2023. Next an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. Regarding the current M&A pipeline we continue to actively look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the next 12 to 18 months as usual the potential targets are mostly in the small and mid-sized. Comment on possible closings but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. The capital allocation priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. Our first priority is to reinvest in our business, second do a creative disciplined M&A and third return capital to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends. A fourth option paying down debt seems unlikely at this time though we do still take this into consideration. We are continually evaluating all of our capital allocation options but both M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict. We continue to maintain significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. Sarah will provide further commentary on our capital allocation during her prepared remarks.  Moving to our outlook for fiscal 2023. As noted in our earnings release we are increasing our full fiscal year 23 sales in EBITDA's defined guidance to reflect our strong third quarter results and our current expectations for the remainder of the year. At the midpoint sales guidance was raised $100 million and EBITDA's defined guidance was raised $105 million. The guidance assumes the continued recovery in our primary commercial end markets throughout the remainder of fiscal '23 and no additional acquisitions or divestitures. Our current year guidance is as follows and can also be found on Slide 6 in the presentation. The midpoint of our revenue guidance is now $6.555 billion or up approximately 21% versus fiscal 22. In regards to the market channel growth rate assumptions that this revenue guidance is based on for the commercial aftermarket and defense market we are updating the full year growth rate assumptions as a result of our strong third quarter results and current expectations for the remainder of the fiscal year. We now expect commercial aftermarket revenue growth for fiscal '23 to be in the low 30% range which is an increase from our previous guidance range of 25% to 30%. The commercial aftermarket has been progressing well in our fiscal 23 and we plan for that to continue through Q4 and beyond. However, we aim to be conservative with this guidance as the commercial aftermarket is harder to predict with many orders being book and ship and the advanced bookings only going out a few months or so into the future. For defense we now expect revenue growth in the mid to high single digit percentage range. This is an increase from our previous guidance of low to mid single digit percentage range. Commercial OEM revenue guidance is still based on our previously issued market channel growth rate assumptions. We are not updating the full year market channel growth rate for commercial OEM as underlying market fundamentals have not meaningfully changed. We continue to expect commercial OEM revenue growth in the 20% to 25% range. The midpoint of our EBITDA as defined guidance is now $3.365 billion or up approximately 27% with an expected margin of around 51.3%. This guidance includes about 50 basis points of margin dilution from the Dart aerospace acquisition and about 50 basis points of margin dilution from the recent CalSpan acquisition. The pro forma margin dilution from CalSpan meaning if we had owned CalSpan for all of our fiscal year '23 is just over 100 basis points. The midpoint of our adjusted EPS is increasing primarily due to the higher EBITDA as defined guidance and now anticipated to be $25.15 or up approximately 47%. Sarah will discuss in more detail shortly some other fiscal '23 financial assumptions and updates. We believe we are well positioned for the last quarter of our fiscal '23. We will continue to closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I'm very pleased with the company's performance this quarter and throughout this recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. We remain focused on our value drivers cost structure and operational excellence. Now let me hand it over to Joel to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Joel Reiss: Thanks Kevin and good morning everyone. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category for the balance of the call. I'll provide commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2022. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. The May 2023 acquisition of CalSpan Corporation is excluded from this market discussion. In the commercial market which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue. We will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 25% in Q3 compared with the prior year period. Sequentially total commercial OEM revenues grew by about 4% compared to Q2. Bookings in the quarter were robust compared to the same prior year period and significantly outpay sales. We are encouraged by the increasing commercial OEM production rates and airline demand for new aircraft. OEM supply chain and labor challenges still persist but appear to be making steady progress. While risks remain towards achieving the ramp up across the broader aerospace sector. We are cautiously optimistic that our operating units are well positioned to support the higher production targets. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 32% in Q3 when compared with the prior year period. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by the continued strength in our passenger sub market which is our largest sub market, although all of our commercial aftermarket sub markets were up significantly compared to prior year Q3. Sequentially total commercial aftermarket revenues increased by approximately 2%. Commercial aftermarket bookings for this quarter were strong compared to the same prior year period. Turning to broader market dynamics. Global revenue passenger miles still remain lower than pre-pandemic levels but growth in air traffic over the past few months has continued to signal steady recovery momentum. IATA recently commented they see a better demand outlook for 2023 air travel than they previously forecast and now expect total 2023 revenue passenger miles to reach 88% of 2019 levels. IATA also expects a return to 2019 air traffic levels in 2024. The recovery in domestic travel further progressed over the past few months and has surpassed pre-pandemic levels. In the most recently reported IATA traffic data for June global domestic air traffic was up 5% compared to pre-pandemic levels. Domestic air travel in China continues to improve and was up 15% in June compared to pre-pandemic levels. This is a significant improvement from China being down 55% only six months ago in December. U.S. domestic air travel for June came in just slightly above pre-pandemic traffic but year-to-date surpasses pre-pandemic levels by about 2%. International traffic has made strides over the past few months and is catching up to the domestic recovery. A quarter ago at the end of March internationally travel globally was depressed about 18% compared to pre-pandemic levels. But in the most recently reported IATA traffic data for June international travel was only down about 12%. International traffic in North America is 2% above pre-pandemic levels and Europe is within 10%. Asia Pacific international travel was still down about 29% but should hopefully continue to improve as the China reopening progresses. Global air cargo volumes in the most recent June IATA data continued to be lower year-over-year and compared to pre-pandemic levels but the contraction versus these prior year periods has moderated a bit. Going forward improvements in inflation in major economies could potentially provide a tailwind to air cargo demand. However with the continued growth in passenger flying especially the wide body recovery there is more belly hole space available for cargo transport. It's too early to determine where air cargo trends stabilize but we will continue to watch this closely. Business jet utilization is below the pre-pandemic highs in 2021 and continues to temper. Business jet activity does remain above pre-pandemic levels but time will tell how this normalizes over the upcoming months. Shifting to our defense market which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 17% in Q3 when compared with the prior year period. Sequentially total revenues grew by approximately 14%. Defense bookings are also up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period. This quarter we began to see improvements in the U.S. government defense spend outlays which is reflected in our defense revenue performance this quarter. We are hopeful we will continue to see steady improvement but as we have said many times before defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. As Kevin mentioned earlier we now expect our defense market revenue growth for this year to be in the mid to high single digit percentage range. Next I will provide a quick update on our recent acquisition of CalSpan Corporation. As discussed on our last earnings call we completed the CalSpan acquisition this past May for $725 million in cash. CalSpan has established positions across a diverse range of aftermarket focused aerospace and defense development and testing services including a state of the art transonic wind tunnel that it utilizes to perform testing for both the commercial and defense and markets. CalSpan's unique service offerings exhibit the earning stability and growth potential that are consistent with our aerospace components center businesses. The CalSpan acquisition integration is progressing well under the leadership of Executive Vice President Paula Wheeler. We have now owned CalSpan for three months and we are pleased with the acquisition thus far. Before concluding I would like to review one additional executive change that occurred during Q3. We recently promoted Kevin McHenry to the Executive Vice President role. Kevin has worked for TransDigm for over 20 years and was most recently the president of our Kirk Hill operating unit for five years. Prior to that Kevin was the director of sales at our Hartwell Airborne Systems and our Adams Rite Aerospace Operating Units and also served as president of Adams Rite Aerospace. We continually work to improve our bench strength of promotable talent and we are happy to have Kevin as our newest Executive Vice President. This promotion gives us the resources we need to oversee our business units following my promotion to co-COO. Lastly I'd like to wrap up by stating how pleased I am by our operational performance in this third quarter of fiscal 2023. We remain focused on our value drivers and meeting increased customer demand for our products. With that I would like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer Sarah Wynne.
Sarah Wynne: Thanks Joel and good morning everyone. I'm going to provide an overview on a few financial matters for the quarter and expectations for the full fiscal year. First on organic growth and liquidity. In the third quarter our organic growth rate was 20.7% driven by the continued rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On cash and liquidity free cash flow which we traditionally define as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $540 million for the quarter. For the full fiscal year we continue to expect to generate free cash flow in excess of the $1.4 billion target previously provided. Below that free cash flow line we saw networking capital consume approximately $180 million of cash during the quarter. As we continue to build both accounts receivable and inventory to support the ongoing and continuing sales ramp up on both the OEM and aftermarket sides of the business. The OEM does tend to be slightly more intensive from a networking capital standpoint. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.1 billion of cash on the balance sheet and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 5.3 times down from the 5.6 times at the end of last quarter. On a net debt to EBITDA basis this puts us below the 5 year pre-COVID average level of 6 times. Additionally a cash interest covered ratio such as EBITDA to interest expenses at 3 times which is right in line with where we've historically operated pre-COVID and been comfortable operating the business. As always we continue to watch the higher interest rate environment and the current state of the debt markets closely. As a reminder we did a fair bit of refinancing in the first half of the year pushing out over the last quarter. In the first half of the year, pushing out over $8 billion of our nearest term maturities due in 2025 out to 2028. We expect to continue both proactively and prudently managing our debt maturity stacks, which for us means pushing out any near term maturities well in advance of the final maturity date. Our nearest term maturity is now 2026. Over 75% of our total 20 billion gross debt balance is fixed or hedged through our fiscal 2026. This is achieved through a combination of fixed rate notes, interest rate caps, swaps and collars. This provides us adequate cushion against any rising rates, at least in the immediate term. As we sit here today from an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we'll remain in a good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via dividends or share repurchases. Regarding capital allocation, it is likely we make a decision by the end of the calendar year based on current market conditions. We have a sizable cash balance of close to $3.1 billion and consistent with history when we have a significant amount of cash available, we aim to get the cash back to our shareholders in one form or another. All three capital allocation options, significant acquisitions, share buybacks and dividends remain on the table. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from a line of David Strauss of Barclays. Go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
David Strauss: Kevin, I don't know if it was for everyone or just me, but your comments around the M&A pipeline cut out at least for me. So would you mind repeating kind of where you are from a pipeline standpoint? I think you had some interest in the Raytheon property and maybe what happened there.
Kevin Stein: Well, we can't comment as you know the process. We can't comment on deals due to NDAs that you put in place. So whether we were interested or not, we don't comment. The M&A pipeline though is, I said I'll reread my words. We continue to actually look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the next 12 months to 18 months, we continue to have slightly stronger than typical pipeline of potential targets. As usual, we can't comment yada yada. It's similar to what I said last quarter. We are seeing a pretty interesting time right now. A lot of properties that we have been closely following for a long time are becoming available and difficult to predict which, if any of them will close, again, we are extremely disciplined in our M&A approach.
David Strauss: Okay. Thanks. A quick follow-up. So in prior quarters, your comment on the slide around bookings was that bookings were outpacing shipments. In this quarter, you just went to, things are strong. Do we read anything to that and be relative to kind of the bookings rate maybe on a sequential basis both for the aftermarket and the new equipment side?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think across the business, we built backlog. So book-to-bill for the company was still positive. It is true that some things can be lumpy. We saw strengths in OEM and defense. Aftermarket was a little bit, the rate of change of expansion of the order book slowed a little bit, but still have a positive book to build there for the year.
David Strauss: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning, guys. How are you doing? 
Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Kristine Liwag: So with a strong growth in aftermarket, we're hearing that MRO facilities are fully booked this year and slots are even difficult to come by next year or even the year after that. Can you provide any color in terms of how much of your aftermarket parts are linked to heavy maintenance versus the normal wear and tear? And does the limited MRO shop availability essentially limit the volume of parts you could sell to the aftermarket? How should we think about that dynamic?
Joel Reiss: Yes, I don't think we have the specific data around the MRO and what the implications are. I think we continue to see the commercial aftermarket growth in all of our submarkets, and I think we continue to see the positive momentum as revenue passenger miles continue to move up year-to-date. We're now down to just 10 percent below pre-pandemic levels and continue to see the expectancy trends continue as long as the people continue to fly.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks. And one, if I could do another follow-up. What we're hearing from the supply chain is that in commercial OE terms, there have been improving pricing for new airplane parts and OE side. So does that mean that when OE volume starts coming back for you guys, could you also get some of that pricing benefit and could that alleviate some of the mixed headwind you could experience should the ramp materialize sooner than expected? 
Kevin Stein: I think we don't usually comment on margins and increases across the board. It is fair to say that as we always state, our aftermarket is more profitable. Our goal in pricing is to pass along inflation. So we have seen a very inflationary environment. That's probably all we can comment on that. We definitely make more money in the aftermarket.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Wolfe Research. Go ahead Myles.
Myles Walton: Thank you so much. Kevin, the margins in the quarter were particularly strong, given what I would think would have been a little bit more adverse mix with CalSpan folding in. Aftermarket as a percent of sales is actually lower sequentially. Can you comment on the dynamics that would help do that in the quarter sequentially, and then also, I guess, why they're going to go down a 100 basis points sequentially into 4Q?
Kevin Stein: Well, I hope we forecast conservatively as we look at the future. That's a conservative look at what might happen, given that aftermarket is such a significant driver for the business and that some of it isn't booked yet for the quarter, it makes it prudent for us to be a little more conservative as we forecast the quarter. We'll see how it plays out. I'll tell you on the margins line, it's a pleasant outcome that we continue to see the progress and cost reductions across the business. Even selective new business programs have been successful for us. There were not any significant one-time accounting adjustments or anything in these numbers, so this was real performance of the business.
Myles Walton: Kevin, thanks, and just a quick follow-up. As you go into next year, given EBITDA's higher net interest expenses coming lower, the tax rate, I know kicked up because of the EBITDA rule of interest availability, is the tax rate now going to kick back down a couple hundred basis points? Thanks. 
Kevin Stein: I think we'll give guidance. That's really a question for Sarah, but we'll give guidance on '24 next quarter when we get into it, and we'll have a detailed look at the interest and tax rates and all the pieces. If you can hold your question until then. Is that fair, Sarah?
Sarah Wynne: Yes, that's right. I haven't gone through the planning process yet.
Myles Walton: Okay. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ken Herbert: Hey, good morning. Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Ken Herbert: Maybe just to stick on the aftermarket. I think you've raised guidance for aftermarket growth each quarter this year. You're going to likely end the year at sort of 2X, the initial guidance in terms of the growth. I'm just wondering if there's anything in particular you could call out as you've gone through fiscal '23 that's been a particular source of upside that was maybe unexpected or where you think that's significant sort of outperformance relative to the initial expectations, where it's really come from?
Kevin Stein: I think China was the big player. We initially had our look at the business. That was the unclear point that we didn't see in our planning. So I think a lot of what we're seeing today for upside and the revisions favorably have been due to that expanding market and really a better recovery than I think any of us anticipated when we initially planned the year.
Ken Herbert: Is there any concern that you've seen some of the elevated activity? Any of the sales in the aftermarket pulled into '23 that could be a potential headwind in '24? Just how do you think about sort of the booking strength and the initial outlook into '24 relative to the '23 strength? 
Kevin Stein: Joel? 
Joel Reiss: Well, obviously we're not going to provide any guidance towards 2024. But look, our order book continues to evolve. Flight activity continues to increase. You said the traffic in Asia Pacific has increased significantly. But even there is still about 20% below 2019 levels. Global air traffic still below the pre-pandemic level. So I think we're all realistic that the rate of change has to slow at some point as you get closer and closer back to the pre-pandemic levels. But I don't think we see anything else beyond that changing.
Ken Herbert: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research Group. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Joel Reiss: Good morning. 
Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Robert Stallard: Kevin, first of all, on the M&A pipeline, as you said, your comments sound pretty similar to what you said three months ago, that things are looking quite interesting out there. But I'm worried that everyone else is saying the same thing. And this is starting to bid some of these asset prices up too high.
Kevin Stein: In fullness of time, I don't think you can overpay for good assets that meet our criteria. So I'm not worried about more competition. If businesses meet our criteria, we will rise to meet the challenge.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then secondly, on the aftermarket price, I thought it was quite interesting that they had to have pulled forward their pre-increase by another two months this year. Is this something that some of your businesses are doing, or are you still on a fairly standard price? So 12 months, how do you increase?
Kevin Stein: Could you repeat your question? You broke up a bit, and I couldn't hear some of the details.
Robert Stallard: Yes. Sorry, Kevin. I was hoping that CFM had pulled forward their price increase by another two months. And I was wondering if there's something that TransDigm's businesses are doing, or are you sticking to your usual 12-month catalog price increases?
Kevin Stein: I think we do regular catalog price increases, but in a high inflationary environment, dynamic pricing becomes more of the norm. So I don't think our businesses necessarily are augured into, only once a year. It really depends on the inflationary inputs that they're seeing.
Robert Stallard: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Robert Spingarn from Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Spingarn: Hey, good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Joel Reiss: Good morning.
Robert Spingarn: Kevin, on margins, just as OEMix increases, assuming that OE growth overtakes aftermarket growth at some point here, can you mitigate the headwind to margins from that, just from productivity and pricing, perhaps on the other side, in aftermarket?
Kevin Stein: I think there will be challenges to doing that, but that would certainly be one of our aspirational goals as we go forward to continue to drive cost improvements and improvements in general to our business to drive that. It will be difficult as we have very strong aftermarket growth, but we're seeing the OEM growth somewhat muted as they are slower to ramp up, meaning there's more pressure in the aftermarket. I think that we continue to enjoy this for a while into the future, maybe not the wild recovery we've seen over the last two years, but still I think that the market conditions, really in all of our market segments, set up very favorably for us, even in the aftermarket in the future.
Robert Spingarn: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. One second for the next question. Our next question comes from Peter Arment from Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Kevin, maybe if you could just give a broader comment on the wide-body side of things. We're really starting to see kind of an uptick really across the board, and I know last quarter you made some comments that your interior's business has been recovering nicely. Just any further color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Joel Reiss: Yes, I'd say on the interior, this Joel, I'd say on the interior side, I think we're seeing a similar trend as we are in the overall commercial aftermarket, a good increase year over year, and continuing the positive trend we've seen for several quarters now. To-date, it's primarily being driven by the repair side, but we're seeing a nice recovery. Obviously, as they continue to utilize the existing fleet, it'll be beneficial for us in the future for modifications and refurbishments.
Peter Arment: I appreciate that, Joel. And then just as a follow-up quickly, Kevin, I know last quarter there was a comment that made about aftermarket volumes still being 10% to 15% light. Is that still how you see kind of the year shaking out, or is that starting to improve? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think it improves every quarter, but I still see 10% plus percent opportunity. RPMs are still 12% below takeoff and landings in certain regions still below where they were pre-pandemic. I still see opportunity and suppressed demand, which I have every belief will return.
Peter Arment: Appreciate it. Thanks Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Yes. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from a line of Jason Gursky of Citibank. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Hey, good morning, everybody. 
Joel Reiss: Morning. 
Kevin Stein: I can't believe I'm going to be the first to congratulate everybody on their respective promotions and retirements, but probably congrats to all of them.
Joel Reiss: Thank you for doing that. It's always good to hear. Sometimes we're just the machine that keeps moving and people forget that. 
Jason Gursky: No, I appreciate all the hard work for sure that goes into achieving that level of success. Just a quick question for you related to the situation at Pratt with the GTF. They're talking about bringing in, I don't know, 130, 140 engines here in the near term and then 1200 over the next year or so. I'm kind of curious what you're hearing from some of your customers about how they're going to deal with that. Do you think there's an opportunity for more planes to kind of come out of the desert here? Do you think there will be more expansive work that gets done when some of these engines and perhaps aircraft get grounded that might accelerate some work for you all that would maybe come later if the engines had come in under normal course? I'm just trying to get a sense of how this GTF engine issue might impact TransDigm.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think I'll kick that one to Joel for comment. He's very close to the customers and businesses.
Joel Reiss: Yes, I don't think we think it has any significant change. Engines coming in sooner means one set of components get replaced earlier because they're going to do maintenance on the engine, but then there's another set of components that you really want to have them flying and the starts and stops or what, their takeoffs and landings, what makes the big difference. I think we're not hearing anything that makes a significant change of what we're seeing today.
Jason Gursky: Okay, great. I'll leave it with one. Thanks, guys. 
Kevin Stein: Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from a line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Morning. 
Noah Poponak: Was the book to bill greater than 1.0 in all three markets? 
Kevin Stein: For the quarter or year-to-date? I guess we don't really give that kind of granularity usually. It was up across the company for aftermarket. It was slightly off, but year to date still positive.
Noah Poponak: Okay. 
Kevin Stein: Does that clear it up for him? 
Noah Poponak: Yes, that clears it up. Yes. And then on the defense side, I mean, can you spend another minute on what happened there? You referenced how outlays are trailing authorization and that has started to catch up. What are you seeing and hearing from your customer there? You'll have easy compares and that outlay gap is pretty wide and these higher growth rates sustained for a period of time?
Joel Reiss: Well, I think we're seeing steady improvement in the outlays. The outlays are still a little bit slow in terms of solicitations converting into orders compared to historical levels, but as Kevin just mentioned, bookings were stronger than shipment, so I think we continue to anticipate some runway there.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think in really in all three of our market segments, including commercial aftermarket, although maybe bookings slowed ever so slightly this quarter. Remember, bookings can be lumpy quarter to quarter and, all three of our commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and defense all look favorable into the future. I can't stress that enough.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. 
Kevin Stein: Yes. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Please go ahead, Ron.
Kevin Stein: Ron's on mute. 
Ron Epstein: Oh, sorry about that. I was on mute. Yes. Just trying to... 
Kevin Stein: Here we go.
Ron Epstein: Yes. Just a quick one, long stuff, good stuff has been asked but Kevin, what's your mood for a fixer upper? I mean, as you look at stuff out there, is kind of M&A you want to do fixer upper style or stuff that just kind of fits right in with the, the TransDigm?
Kevin Stein: I guess it's where do we see the likelihood of, upper quartile private equity-like returns? We've always talked about the 20% IR threshold for M&A activities. I'm not against fixer uppers. Generally speaking, though, we acquire good businesses. We heavily invest in them, and we make them much better. A fixer upper might fit that as you're listing, but, we usually don't look for those per se, and everything must stand on its own and generate the return.
Ron Epstein: Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. I mean, what -- I'm just trying to just get a sense. I think a lot of people are what are you not interested in? I mean, do you think you need to open the -- 
Kevin Stein: aperture? 
Ron Epstein: The GAAP yes look. 
Kevin Stein: Yes. I mean, do you think you got to look at -- No, I don't think we need to -- Sorry. I don't think we need to open the aperture per se. I think there's still plenty of activity in the aerospace world for a creative M&A. It's just important for us to stay disciplined. Historically, we do one, two deals a year. Some years, you get a bunch more, but it's important for us to stay very disciplined in our approach. We're still seeing a lot of activity in core M&A that fits our model. What we look for is that 20% IRR. We're still seeing those opportunities, quite a few of them right now. But I think what's critical for us is to be disciplined in this process. If we continue to be disciplined, then we'll continue to find the great businesses that we look for. And there's certainly a lot of interesting properties available as we look over the next 12 months to 18 months, as I alluded to in my comments. Does that help you better understand what we're seeing?
Ron Epstein: Yes. Yes, I think it does. And if I may, just one last quick one. Gross margins in the quarter were really quite good at 59%. Should we expect that to continue? 
Kevin Stein: Our goal is to always drive margins up. So our track record, I think, in that speaks for itself.
Ron Epstein: Got it. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: Good morning. Just going back to the question of capital deployment, I think you said the majority of M&A opportunities kind of naturally are in the small and midsize category. And so given the capacity that you'll have by year end, unless something really significant shakes loose, should investors be thinking about if there is something in that small and midsize category that there is plenty of opportunity for capital return as well?
Sarah Wynne: Yes. I mean, capital allocation and priorities remain unchanged. So we'll continue to evaluate our options over the course of the calendar year. We'll see how the market conditions look. But ultimately, we operate at disciplined approaches. We'll continue to do so.
Seth Seifman: All right. Okay. Okay. Thank you. And then just as a quick follow-up, I know maybe not the most, the part of the business that gets focused on most, but the Bizjet and helicopter aftermarket, it's been up kind of 20% the past couple of quarters. And we generally think about aftermarket revenues kind of tracking flight hours plus some price. And business jet flight hours in the U.S. at least have been pretty flat year-to-date. And so is there something you point to that accounts for the continued strong growth there, given that it seems like, the underlying end market just isn't really growing that much right now?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think some of it's the timing of bookings and shipments. So the Bizjet market expanded pretty significantly during the pandemic and has really only slowly reduced each quarter. It's something we'll continue to monitor, as I said, in my opening remarks.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli from Truist.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats. Kevin, just maybe back to margins. And obviously, I think Rob brought up the OEM ramping in the mix. But, you guys are always trying to execute and drive margins higher. But have you, at that margin, peaked? And then, I guess, as we think about OEM ramping, does your commentary around dynamic pricing apply to some of your OEM commercial OEM sales?
Kevin Stein: Yes, it doesn't. Commercial OEM tends to be longer, more like year or two to, address any inflationary pressures. But, yes, generally speaking, a little different on the OEM side. But still, you can find a way to pass along inflation. And that's, again, what we strive to do. What was the first part of your question?
Michael Ciarmoli: Just, EBITDA margins. I mean, record level in the quarter --
Kevin Stein: Have they peaked? That's right. No, they haven't peaked. There's still room to grow and expand. And that's how we look at it. We're still looking for those opportunities. And I don't see any reason why there isn't room to continue to improve. That's our goal is steady, consistent, disciplined, improvement to M&A, capital allocation to continue to allow the machine to operate.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. Helpful. I'll leave it at that. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Gautam Khanna of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, good morning, guys. And congrats to everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Gautam Khanna: Let's change roles. Good morning. Hey, I wanted to ask just quickly on whether you've seen any discernible difference in demand patterns through your distribution channels versus direct. And just how shortening lead times, if they have, have impacted ordering patterns by customers? Is there less of a queuing effect because they don't have to place an order as far in advance? Is that something that might be impacting the bookings as well? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Yes, so when we look at the point of sale information from our distribution partners, it matches pretty well with what we're seeing as we go direct to customers. So I don't think we're seeing anything significant there. It comes to lead times, every operating unit sets their own unique set of lead times for products and customers. They're often not the same. Given that the recovery we've seen in the aftermarket, we've invested in the inventory to be able to support the customer base. I think that's helped out a little bit. But no real significant change, at least from what I'm seeing from the, either the distribution point of sale or what we're seeing direct, and no significant change due to lead time.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks, and then just a quick follow up on Calspan, because it's a little bit of a different profile, more service oriented. I'm just curious, have you, any surprises, anything that we should think about that'll be different with respect to its integration or its margin potential over time relative to the hardware businesses? 
Joel Reiss: I don't think so. I think as Jorge said last quarter, our view of value creation is a three pronged approach. We focus on value based pricing of our products, managing our cost structure and providing innovative solutions. We've only recently closed on it, but we're looking to leverage all three. We think it's a great business, that's been well run, and our goal is to optimize it, similar to what we've done in past acquisitions. We've got a, as I mentioned on my opening remarks, we've got a seasoned executive and Paula Wheeler leading the integration, and I think we think it'll fit well into the TransDigm formula.
Gautam Khanna: And just last one, sorry, with respect to service oriented businesses, is that something that you're also kind of seen more of in your M&A pipeline? Is that stuff you're more interested in? 
Kevin Stein: No, I think we've always seen a few of them, just nothing as compelling as Calspan was to us. I mean, at the end of the day, we're looking for businesses that we can identify that upper quartile private equity, like return 20% plus, that's what we're looking for. And we believe today that Calspan will absolutely deliver that for us.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks a lot, guys, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jeffries. Go ahead, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Thank you for the time. Good quarter and congrats to all the promotions. When you put up 34% aftermarket growth and 50% margins are going to get to negatively bias questions. So bear with me here. Are you seeing any negative signs in the aftermarket, whether it's inflation, cooling, cargo, weakness, or low cost carriers seeing yield softness?
Kevin Stein: I think cargo and maybe some business jets softening in the aftermarket. Joel, do you have anything to add to that?
Joel Reiss: I think on the cargo side, the yields are down for them significantly. They've obviously increased the significant amount of belly capacity in the last several months as international travel has kicked up. And we have to see how that all shakes out, but we think it has had some impact this quarter. We'll see how it shakes out going forward.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you for that. And then just on EBITDA margins, 52%, I think the all ton high, they expanded 125th sequentially despite Calspan being, I think, 70 basis points diluted given 25% margin. So are we just wrong on Calspan margins or what drove the margin expansion in the quarter?
Kevin Stein: I think it was strong performance in Q3. The results, the market mix, and we didn't own Calspan for all of the quarter. I think that will impact us a little bit more as we go forward, but it was just a strong all around quarter, good performance in the aftermarket and the OEM side of the house.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Jaimie Stemen for closing remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes the call. We appreciate your time and have a good rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-05-09 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day! And thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q2 2023 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that todays conference is being recoded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker for today, Jaimie Stemen, the Director of Investor Relations for TransDigm. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Chief Operating Officer, Jorge Valladares; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information.  Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations.  I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discuss our fiscal 23 outlook. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter.  To reiterate, we believe we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad, as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle.  To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this: About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy specifically.  First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple well-proven value-based operating method. Third, we have a decentralized organizational structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation, as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had another strong quarter. Our Q2 results ran ahead of our expectations, and we once again raised our guidance for the year. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and trends are still favorable as demand for travel remains robust. Global domestic air traffic continues to lead the recovery, but international travel is also moving forward. China's air traffic has expanded significantly since its reopening in January, especially domestic air travel. However, there is still progress to be made for the industry as our results continue to be adversely affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels since the demand for air travel is still slightly depressed from pre-COVID levels. In our business, we saw another quarter of substantial growth in our total commercial revenues and bookings. Revenues sequentially improved in all three of our major market channels, commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket, and defense. Also, bookings outpaced revenues for each of these market channels. EBITDA as defined margin improved to 51.3% in the quarter. Contributing to this strong margin is our strict focus on our operating strategy and the ongoing recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues. Additionally, we generated about $130 million of operating cash flow in Q2 and ended the quarter with over $3.4 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2023. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. During the quarter we agreed to acquire Calspan Corporation for approximately $725 million in cash. The acquisition, we are happy to report, closed yesterday May 8. Calspan has established positions across a diverse range of aftermarket-focused aerospace and defense development and testing services. Calspan has a state-of-the-art transonic wind tunnel that it utilizes to perform testing for both the commercial and defense aerospace markets. Calspan's unique service offerings exhibit the earning stability and growth potential that are consistent with our aerospace component centered businesses. We are excited about the acquisition of Calspan and expect the business to meet or exceed our long-term value objectives. We expect the Calspan acquisition to contribute just over $100 million to our fiscal year 23 revenue and for the Calspan EBITDA as defined margin in fiscal year 23 to be just less than half of the TransDigm total company margin. Regarding the current M&A pipeline. We continue to actively look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the next 12 to 18 months, we have a slightly stronger than typical pipeline of potential targets. As usual, the potential targets are mostly in the small and midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. The capital allocation priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. Our first priority is to reinvest in our businesses. Second, to do accretive M&A. And third, return capital to our shareholders via shared buybacks or dividends. A fourth option, paying down debt, seems unlikely at this time, though we do still take this into consideration. We are currently evaluating all of our capital allocation options, but both M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict. We continue to maintain significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. Moving to our outlook for fiscal year 23, as noted in our earnings release, we are increasing our full fiscal year 23 sales in EBITDA as defined guidance to reflect our strong second quarter results, the recent acquisition of Calspan, and our current expectations for the remainder of the year. Please note, that as the Calspan acquisition just closed on May 8, we utilized the limited information currently available to include Calspan within our guidance. Our preliminary expectations for Calspan will be refined as necessary over the coming months. At the midpoint, sales guidance was raised $300 million and EBITDA as defined guidance was raised $150 million. The guidance assumes the continued recovery in our primary commercial end markets throughout the remainder of fiscal 23 and no additional acquisitions or divestitures. Our current year guidance is as follows and can be found on Slide 6 in the presentation. The midpoint of our revenue guidance is now $6.455 billion or up approximately 19%. In regards to the market channel growth rate assumptions that this revenue guidance is based on, for the commercial OEM market and commercial aftermarket, we are updating the full year growth rate assumptions as a result of our strong second quarter results and current expectations for the remainder of the year.  We now expect commercial OEM revenue growth in the range of 20% to 25%, which is an increase from our previous guidance of mid-teens percentage range and expect commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the range of 25% to 30%, which is an increase from our previous guidance of high-teens percentage range. The commercial aftermarket has been progressing well in our fiscal 23 and we hope that continues. However, we aim to be conservative with this guidance as the commercial aftermarket is harder to predict with many orders being book and ship, and the advanced bookings only going out a few months or so into the future. Defense revenue guidance is still based on the previously issued market channel growth rate assumptions. We are not updating the full year market channel growth rate for defense at this time as underlying market fundamentals have not meaningfully changed. We expect defense revenue growth in the low to mid-single digit percentage range. The midpoint of our EBITDA as defined guidance is now $3.26 billion or up approximately 23% with an expected margin of around 50.5%. This guidance includes about a 50 basis point of margin dilution from the DART Aerospace acquisition and just over 50 basis points of margin dilution from the recent Calspan acquisition. The proforma margin dilution from Calspan, meaning if we had owned Calspan for all of fiscal year 23 is just over 100 basis points. The midpoint of our adjusted EPS is increasing primarily due to the higher EBITDA as defined guidance, and is now anticipated to be $23.75 or up approximately 39%. Mike will discuss in more detail shortly some other fiscal 23 financial assumptions and updates.  We believe we are well positioned for the second half of fiscal year 23. We will continue to closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I am very pleased with the company's performance this quarter and throughout the recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. We remain committed to driving value for our stakeholders. Now, let me hand it over to Jorge to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Jorge Valladares: Thanks, Kevin and good morning everyone. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the balance of the call, I'll provide commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2022. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. The market discussion includes the May 2022 acquisition of DART Aerospace in both periods. DART has been included in this market discussion since the third quarter of fiscal 22. The recent May 2023 acquisition of Calspan Corporation is excluded from this market discussion.  In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we'll split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 25% in Q2 compared with the prior year period. Sequentially, total commercial OEM revenues grew by 17% and bookings improved over 15% compared to Q1.  Bookings in the quarter were robust compared to the same prior year period and significantly outpaced sales. We're encouraged by the increasing commercial OEM production rates, while risks remain towards achieving the ramp up across the broader aerospace sector. We are cautiously optimistic that our operating units are well positioned to support the higher production targets. Now, moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 38% in Q2 when compared with the prior year period. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by the continued strength in our passenger sub-market, which is our largest sub-market, although all of our commercial aftermarket sub-markets were up significantly compared to prior year Q2. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues increased by approximately 14%. Commercial aftermarket bookings were strong this quarter compared to the same prior year period, and Q2 bookings outpaced sales.  Turning to broader market dynamics, global revenue passenger miles remain lower than pre-pandemic levels, but have further progressed over the past few months. IATA recently commented that despite uncertain economic signals, demand for air travel continues to be strong across the globe, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region. China air traffic specifically has seen a significant rebound after the lifting of COVID restrictions and the reopening of China to travel this past January.  The recovery in domestic travel has made great strides over the past several months, primarily due to the sharp uptick in domestic air traffic in China. In the most recently reported IATA traffic data for March, global domestic air traffic was only down 1% compared to pre-pandemic. Similarly, U.S. domestic travel in March was also only 1% below pre-pandemic levels. Domestic travel in China was down about 3% in March compared to pre-pandemic, which is a significant improvement from being down 55% only three months ago in December.  International traffic also continues to improve, but at a slower pace than domestic. Approximately a year ago, international travel globally was depressed about 52%, but in the most recently reported IATA traffic data for March, international travel was only down about 18% compared to pre-pandemic levels.  International traffic in North America and Europe were within 3% and 14% of pre-pandemic levels respectively. Asia-Pacific international travel was still down about 36%, but should hopefully continue to improve as the China reopening progresses.  Global air cargo volumes in the most recent March IATA data continued to be lower year-over-year and versus pre-pandemic levels. With the continued growth in passenger flying, especially the wide-body recovery, there's more belly hold space available for cargo transport. The reopening of China has been positive for the air cargo outlook, but global trade signals continue to be mixed. It's too early to determine where air cargo trends stabilize.  Business jet utilization is below the pandemic highs in 2021 and continues to moderate. Business jet activity does remain above pre-pandemic levels, and business jet OEMs and operators forecast strong demand in the near term. We'll see how this normalizes over the upcoming months.  Now, shifting to our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 5% in Q2 when compared with the prior year period. Sequentially, total defense revenues grew by approximately 14%. Defense bookings are up this quarter compared to the same prior year period, and Q2 bookings solidly outpaced sales, which is a positive indicator for future defense order activity.  Our defense market revenues continue to be impacted by the lag in U.S. government defense spend outlays. We continue to see steady improvement, but they still remain longer than historical average levels. Overall, our teams have made solid progress with the supply chain, with the primary focus remaining on electronic component availability. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we continue to expect low to mid-single-digit percent range growth this year for our defense market revenues.  Lastly, I'd like to wrap up by expressing how pleased I am by our operational performance in the second quarter of fiscal 23. We remain focused on our value drivers, cost structure, and executing with operational excellence.  With that, I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters for the quarter and expectations for the full fiscal year.  First, on organic growth and liquidity. In the second quarter, our organic growth rate was 17.6%, driven by the continued rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as EBITDA, less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $350 million for the quarter. Below that free cash flow line, we saw networking capital consume just over $220 million of cash during the quarter, as we built both accounts receivable and inventory to support the ongoing and continuing sales ramp-up on both the OEM and aftermarket sides of the business. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.4 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 5.6x, down from 6x at the end of last quarter.  Pro forma for the Calspan acquisition which just completed yesterday, we have $2.7 billion of cash and a net debt to EBITDA ratio of about 5.7x. On a net debt to EBITDA basis, that puts us below the five year pre-COVID average level of 6x. Additionally, our cash interest coverage ratios such as EBITDA to interest expense, are currently in line with where we've historically operated and been comfortable operating the business. As always, we continue to watch the rising interest rate environment and the current state of the debt markets very closely. During the second quarter, we completed refis of two of our nearest maturity term loans, E&F as well as the $1.1 billion Senior Secured 8% rate note that we took on at the outset of COVID out of an abundance of caution. The net effect is that we extended these debt maturities out from 2025 into 2028.  While we ended up not needing the proceeds of that $1.1 billion insurance policy note, as we called it, to withstand the COVID downturn, we felt it was prudent to have the excess cash as we headed into those tough times. We'll continue to operate the business with that kind of conservatism when it comes to our capital structure, in good times and bad, and expect to remain proactive and prudent. Pro forma for this note refinancing and term loan extension, our nearest maturity is now 2026. As a result of these various refinancings, we had some puts and takes on interest expense, the net impact of which is that our interest expense estimate for FY23 kicked up slightly, as you can see in today's updated guidance. Over 75% of our total $20 billion gross debt balance is fixed or hedged through fiscal 26, and this is achieved through a combination of fixed rate notes, interest rate caps, swaps, and colors. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates, at least in the immediate term. Specifically on the interest rate hedging point, you'll see some detail on the 10-Q on new hedges that we put in place during this past quarter to extend our coverage out another year through fiscal 26. One special note on the cash mechanics of the debt refis, due to the way the timing worked, we had $1.1 billion of restricted cash on our balance sheet at quarter end, but that cash was dispersed just after quarter end in the first couple days of April when we successfully completed the retirement of the 8% bond I mentioned. So as of today, as it pertains to our balance sheet, the restricted cash balance, as well as the amount due on that 8% debt note are both zero. As we sit here today, from an overall cash, liquidity, and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via buybacks or dividends during fiscal 23. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Spingarn: Hey! Good morning. 
Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Mike Lisman: Good morning. 
Robert Spingarn: Kevin, I noticed you said something that seemed a little different this time about the M&A pipeline and that it's perhaps a little bit better than it's been. And I'm wondering, is that because more properties are for sale or there's fewer competitors out there bidding against you because of the financing environment? What's going on there?
Kevin Stein : Yeah, I think there's more properties available, more coming available, things that have long been rumored, have come to market or we now know are definitively coming. So that certainly sets up favorably for us. 
Robert Spingarn: And how about the pricing environment within that?
Kevin Stein : I've not noted any difference in pricing. Maybe things have come down ever so slightly, but they are still going for high multiples. People remember what they can command or what they could and are still expecting that.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thanks so much, Kevin.
Kevin Stein : Yeah.
Operator: Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Myles Walton: I was wondering, Kevin, if you can comment on the source of the OEM upside and the guidance being raised. I can follow the aftermarket, but what's getting better on the OEM side?
Kevin Stein: I'll give you my thoughts and Jorge can chime in. But the build rates are improving, deliveries are improving, and we're finally starting to see the order book build on the OEM side. So that's really the genesis of it.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, I'd echo Kevin's comments. Generally, there's some level of offset from the OE production rate increases to when the sub-tiers in our business sees that demand. So, we're cautiously optimistic that they are moving the rates up and will continue to produce more aircraft as we go forward in the future.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then one for Mike. Working capital consumption, $220 million in the quarter, I think it was a slight source in the first quarter. What's the expectation for the full year at this point?
Mike Lisman : It's hard to say exactly how it plays out over the course of the year. From peak to trough during COVID, about $400 million came out. If you look at the math around that, we're close to all of that having gone back in. Not quite there, but pretty close. Though it's hard to give exact guidance by quarter, but I think we're getting closer to the max amount that should be back in there. So we don't expect to see a sizable uptick of the type we saw this past quarter and future quarters.
Myles Walton: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
David Strauss: Kevin, so it looks like, if we just look on revenue that the, your aftermarket revenues are now back to 120  20%, 25% above pre-pandemic levels. Where do you think volumes are at this point on the aftermarket side relative to pre-pandemic levels?
Kevin Stein : Yeah, I think you're right in what you're saying about the percentage up. But I still think we're 10% to 15% volume light in our numbers. That still has the potential to come in as people fly more and that gets us back to really where we were pre-COVID.
David Strauss: Okay. And any comments on supply chain? I know you've pointed out some issues in the past. How would you characterize your supply chain, three months further on now?
Kevin Stein : Yeah, I think our supply chain has done a nice job recovering and trying to support the ramp up. I think in general terms we've seen more stable and predictable performance out of the suppliers. Electronic components as I mentioned, continue to be a little bit of a minor pain point. But I'd say generally, that's getting better as well.
David Strauss: Okay, and what about your ability to hire and retain relative to maybe three, six months ago?
Kevin Stein : Sure. Yeah, I don't think we've really run into any significant retention issues through this process. Definitely we've seen the overall labor market improve at most of our locations in terms of the production labor. Still a little bit tight on the higher technical and engineering expertise. But again, a little bit of signs of improvement there as well. 
David Strauss: All right. Thanks very much, guys.
Kevin Stein : Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Please hold for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Kevin, I'll start with you. First of all, on the aftermarket, clearly very strong growth here, and in the most recent quarters. But just looking forward, how sustainable do you think this is, particularly as you start to lap that price increase towards the end of the year and also given these very low rates of old aircraft retirement?
Kevin Stein: Well, I guess we'll have to see how the order book continues to evolve. Of course as we  it all depends on takeoff and landings and if the flight activity continues to increase, then we'll see continued strength. I think we're just seeing the opening innings really of China coming back and it's good to see that in the numbers. But hard to put any parameters on it from here, except we do expect things to continue to improve for the year. But it will have to slow down at some point as OEMs start to ship more, but we'll have to see how that unfolds.
Robert Stallard: Okay, and then a follow-up from Mike on the interest rates. On the debt market, there's been some what might be optimistic chat about interest rates actually coming down going forward from here. I was wondering what your thoughts might be on that and what sort of flexibility TransDigm to adjust interest rates if that does occur.
Mike Lisman : Yeah, generally with regards to the capital structure and interest rates, we don't take a strong position on where they're going to go. As we've said before, we're in the business of focusing on keeping on time delivery and quality of our parts as high as we can, rather than trying to predict where rates might go.  That said, this past quarter we did take a bit of a different approach. And when we did the new hedges, we did collars rather than swaps, so that if rates do float down a bit, we'll get some of that benefit down to about a 2% SOFR rate. So you'll see some of that detail in the 10-Q when it's filed later this week. And then as always, I mean we can if they  overall market rates did step back by two to three percentage points, you can go in and refi, right. We can re-price our bank debt of which we've still got $6 billion or so and bring down the rate on that and we can also, if it makes sense take out some of the fixed notes. There's a breakage cost on the latter, but it's just math and if the rates come down enough, you could take out those notes earlier, pay the prepayment penalty, so that you get the benefit of lower rates going forward.
Robert Stallard: That's great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jordan Levine: Hey! Good morning. This is Jordan Levine on to Ron. I just had a question on Calspan. I know you guys said that the financial profile fits the M&A targets that you guys pursue, but the company being services-based, should we view it as a departure in your strategy or a shift? And also, should we expect more services to be in your pipeline?
Kevin Stein: I don't think we expect any change in our approach. Our approach is always to deliver private equity-like returns to our shareholders. When we find businesses that are highly proprietary, highly engineered, and produce a highly engineered product, in this case a testing report, I think it absolutely lends itself to our products and we'll see how successful we are with this acquisition and it certainly opens us up to other markets we might explore within aerospace and defense, but you shouldn't interpret this as any new direction for us. We find that this business should produce the same types of returns as we've come to expect from our components businesses. Jorge, do you have anything to comment on that?
Jorge Valladares: Yeah. I would add, as we were very excited about the acquisition, I'd first say, excited that we closed it yesterday. But as we evaluated the opportunity, we saw many of the characteristics and attributes that we've seen in other businesses that we've acquired. They do very highly engineered proprietary testing. They are a great partner with their customer-based, primarily aerospace and defense, which we like as well. And there was no fudging the numbers or changing any type of criteria. We evaluated it. We expected to perform as other acquisitions, past acquisitions have performed and generate the typical returns that we did expect, so we're very excited about it. 
Jordan Levine: Awesome! Thank you so much. 
Jorge Valladares: Sure.
Operator: Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys. It's Sheila. On the last
A - Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning. Usually people mess up my last name, but
Kevin Stein: I thought She was great, so I have to tell you.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: On the last call you pointed out volumes were 85% below 2019 levels implying price is about 25% since 2019, Kevin. So I think in response to Strauss's question, you implied prices another 10 to 15 points of plus-up this quarter. Is that just rounding or is the shortage of new planes
A - Kevin Stein: That's not exactly I think what I was referring to and I apologize if I confused. I was simply saying there's still 10% to 15% of missing volume if you look back to the pre-COVID levels. We don't comment on price to that extent, so I'm just looking at from a volume point of view. We still  there is still flight activity that has not returned that we anticipate will over the coming year or so, but we don't anticipate all the volume to return in 23. Some of it will fall in to 24 we fully anticipate. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just post 23 and as you think about 24 and 25, what's like the normalized after market outlook you guys were thinking about on a volume basis and then opportunities beyond that?
Kevin Stein: Go ahead Mike.
Mike Lisman: I think Sheila on that point, we'll give the guidance when we give it. We're just getting started with our detailed bottoms-up opportunity forecast year for the next 12 months this coming month or so, and I think we don't want to get out over our skis in terms of predict and where commercial aftermarket volumes could go from here. Things are still changing quickly and as we've said all along, the recovery could be lumpy here. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. 
A - Kevin Stein: And again Sheila, as you know we do a bottoms-up forecasting, so we don't give our teams expectations. We allow them to tell us and I think that has proven to be more accurate than announcements from on high. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Yep, sure. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, Sheila. Please hold for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert of RBCCM. Your line is now open.
Ken Herbert: Yeah, hi! Good morning. 
Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Ken Herbert: Hey Kevin, when you look at the sort of the update in the increase to the full year aftermarket guide for fiscal 23, it sounds like it's pretty broad-based in China and some other tailwinds there. But is it possible as you look at that increase to maybe rank order or prioritize for us, maybe what drove the increase or where you're seeing the greatest impact?
A - Kevin Stein: I want Jorge to take that one. 
Jorge Valladares : Yeah, I think as you guys know, we have no visibility into the inventory or specific trends in a particular region per se. Our largest sub-market, which is the passenger sub-market is seeing that bounce back in that growth and we're seeing it across multiple operating units. While cargo is down, we are seeing some improvement in terms of the belly cargo on some of those businesses as well. So I would say generally all of our operating units that support the commercial aftermarket are seeing the rebound in the recovery. 
Ken Herbert: Great. And within that, are you seeing anything in particular on the interior side? When I think of some of the businesses there and I think about maybe retrofit opportunities on wide-body aircraft? Is that just out of doing better than the passenger trend or how is that looking? 
Jorge Valladares : I would say interiors are following a similar trend. We're seeing a nice recovery there. We've probably seen that over last few quarters generally, but obviously as they continue to utilize the existing fleet, that's beneficial for potential down the road modifications and refurbish, etc.
Ken Herbert: Great. Thank you. 
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of TD Cowen. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna: Hey! Good morning, guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
Gautam Khanna: Just to follow up on the last couple of questions on  are you seeing any  any differences in aftermarket demand across, kind of traditionally discretionary product versus flight critical or any submarkets, whether it be kilos or what have you that are weaker or stronger than others. Any sort of flavor you can give us?
Mike Lisman : No, I think in general the majority across the operating units are participating in the recovery. There could be some puts and takes across any given quarter, but we're not seeing any significant differences in the commercial aftermarket there.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. I think maybe
Mike Lisman : To add to that, commercial transport is stronger than the business jet and helicopter, but business jet and helicopter aftermarket is very strong as well and a small portion of the overall aftermarket revenue as you know.
Gautam Khanna: Yeah. And maybe Kevin, could you speak to your comfort with leverage in this environment? Like how much  to the right deal, how much would you be willing to take up a debt to EBITDA ratio?
Kevin Stein: I think we're comfortable operating in the same range as we have historically. As Mike said, we don't get into forecasting, we run our business, we make sure we have enough available cash and for any available opportunity that we see on the horizon and that we can go after it. So I don't see any limitations. I think we're comfortable operating within the same range as we historically have, five to seven times. We're right in that sweet spot. I think this is where we would like to continue to operate and as you heard, there's probably some forecasts that rates will start to go down in the not too distant future.  This is good. We have successfully navigated this so far and we will continue to come out the other side stronger. So I feel like we're comfortable where we are.  Mike, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Mike Lisman : I think that's right. As we said many times before, we feel comfortable in sort of a six time area, and then it's always dependent on not just the leverage level, right? But how far out to the right can you kick the maturities? That's as important a part of the equation as just what the overall leverage level is and we always try to manage that. 
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird. Your line is now open.
Peter Arment: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. 
A - Kevin Stein: Good morning. 
A - Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Good morning. Kevin, maybe just a quick one on just price, your ability to kind of feel and pass along price. Any changes that you've seen as kind of volumes and overall activity has picked up, just curious in this inflation environment. 
Kevin Stein: This is still an inflationary environment. I don't see any changes. Our goal is to, as always, to pass along inflation. That's what we try to do. I think we've all seen reports from the airlines of ticket price increases in the likes. So I would say all of the market has been successful in passing this along as we have needed to perform. 
Peter Arment: Okay. And just a follow-up, quick follow-up. On China overall less than 10% or around 10% of your overall mix in terms of revenue. 
Kevin Stein: Well, we don't give geographic splits. We don't actually know. We sell a lot of that through distribution and OEM, so we don't actually know. I think the way to model it is to look at what is missing from the flight activity, from pre-COVID to now. And that gives you an idea of what's still missing from our business. And there's still a  as Jorge alluded to in his remarks, there's still a chunk of China flying activity that has a materialized yet, but certainly looks like it will.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, the international obviously is still lagging considerably compared to the domestic, but it's moving in the right direction.
Peter Arment: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Please hold for our next question. Scott Deuschle with Crdit Suisse, your line is now open.
Scott Deuschle : Hey, good morning. 
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Scott Deuschle : Jorge, does your pricing model move at all in response to airline profitability given the value-based approach. Meaning, if airlines continue to become more profitable, kind of on their current course, could we see you exercise your pricing power in a manner that's perhaps greater than what you've historically done relative to inflation, but which is consistent with your value-based models and airlines are generating more profit per take off of mining cycle. 
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, I'd say airline profitability doesn't really come into play. As we've always stated our pricing objectives is to market based on the price and do better than inflation. So obviously with the higher inflationary environment, we're trying to get real price on top of the inflationary pressures that we're seeing in some of the costs that are flowing through the business. But we don't start looking at the profitability of the customer base or anything like that. 
Scott Deuschle : Okay. And then just following up on Calspan, do you have a sense for which of the three value drivers will have the most impact on driving accretion there? And then on the price side, is there an ability to achieve price to realization to Calspan quickly or does that company have a lot of backlog and you don't work there before you can start to get price. 
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, I would say, our view on value creation is it's a three-legged stool, right. We're trying to make sure that we're getting the price to reflect the value of the products that we see. We're always trying to make sure we're managing the cost structures and pulling costs out of the business and then we want to be able to provide innovative profitable solutions to the customer base and that's not going to change with Calspan and frankly, that's not going to change across any of the portfolio companies that we own.  So, obviously we just closed on the acquisitions, but we're going to be looking to leverage all three in the process. It's a great business. It's been well managed and run and our hope is to be able to optimize it like we've been able to do with past acquisitions. 
Scott Deuschle : Okay. And last question to Kevin, just a clarification. You said the M&A pipeline is stronger than typical. As you define typical here, are you referring to the past few years as your reference period or are you saying the M&A pipeline is stronger than it's typically been across the longer term experience of transplant? 
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I would take me at face value there. It's typical than we've traditionally experienced and more so than the last couple years. There's a lot in the pipeline right now, and the team is busy, but you cannot, that doesn't linearly protect closings of course, but we're very busy right now. 
Scott Deuschle : Right. Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Please hold for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth Seifman : Hey! Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Seth Seifman : I wanted to ask about the, obviously very strong profitability in the quarter, and I believe not necessarily a guidance for any specific year, but as a framework the company has a philosophy that in a normal year it's possible to have roughly 100 basis points of margin expansion with the same set of businesses. Is there any reason to think that that shouldn't be the case for next year, off of wherever 2023 comes out?
Kevin Stein: I think that when things stabilize, when we get back to normality, whatever that looks like, I think 100 to 150 basis points expansion per year on margin, apples-to-apples is always what we have models and tried to achieve and I think that's a fantastic target. 
Seth Seifman : Okay, okay, great. And then maybe just as a follow-up with regard to the M&A pipeline, we see some pretty solid valuations in the public markets these days. A lot of activity in the private market, obviously. To what extent do you see that being driven by valuation and does that kind of inhibit things at all or is there still kind of plenty value out there? 
Kevin Stein : I think there's plenty of value out there. I don't - given our ability to generate value, I think we don't turn away when prices go up necessarily, as long as we remain convicted with the individual property products.  So, the value, what we have to pay, doesn't factor in too much. So we're not concerned if prices stay high, go higher. When you find a business that matches the criteria that we look for, highly engineered products, you're going to have a successful run with those kinds of products over their lifetime. 
Seth Seifman : Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli of Truist Securities. Your line is now open. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey! Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking a question. 
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Kevin, maybe just to go back to discuss a question on Calspan, I think you said the EBITDA margins were about half of what you're doing now. Just given that these are more services, is there a path do you think to get these margins up to kind of transplant historical levels or is there anything with the type of services and testing that they provide that would prevent you from driving that margin? 
Kevin Stein: I think we're in the early innings here and difficult to comment too much. I don't know if this business gets to the average of TransDigm, but I guess our view that it doesn't have to, as long as we continue to find pathways to private equity like returns. I don't know if the business has to get to TransDigm average margins, but there's no reason to believe any business in the aerospace sector that is highly engineered produces a technical product like what we specialize in that it couldn't get there.  But right now, we're not modeling it that it definitely will, but we'll have to see. There's lots of room for value generation. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay, perfect. And then just on the defense market, can you give any additional color there, maybe parse out OEM growth, after market growth, you might have some more of the consumable exposure there, but any noticeable or discernible trends within defense marketplace? 
Mike Lisman : Yeah, I'll think that. As you know, we really don't separate out the defense OEM from the aftermarket. I think both are performing relatively equally in terms of how they are tracking. It's a difficult environment as the government continues to do its best to support Ukraine and figure out how they are going to spend funds.  So I think our  the general commentary that I've provided in the opening in terms of we're seeing a slow but steady improvement in the outlays, but the fact remains the outlays are still a little bit slow in terms of solicitations closing into orders as we look at the historical timeframes. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. And then just last one on that topic, are you able to get real pricing in your defense market or are you grappling with some of the same issues we're seeing and hearing about from fixed prices just not being able to pass through those costs until the contracts reopen or you get new task orders?
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I really don't want to comment or get into specific contract terms. As you know, each of our operating units independently to go shape the contracts with the government and I would be speaking out of turn. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay, fair enough. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kevin Stein: Hello! Good morning. 
Kristine Liwag : Hey! How are you guys doing? 
Kevin Stein: Great. How are you? 
Kristine Liwag : Wonderful to hear. So hearing from some of the MRO facilities, we're hearing that aircraft turnaround times that are extending from three months to maybe even as long as six months and part of that is still from some part shortages and then some from labor. Can you talk about how this environment is benefiting your pricing power and is that something  and if you are, is that something that you could sustain for longer? 
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I don't know that we'd have any comments specific to that environment benefiting pricing. Again, as I've stated many times, our pricing philosophy remains unchanged. It's based on a market-based value for the products that we deliver and design and produce. And we look to realize real pricing on top of inflation. And I think that has been something that's been very consistent in the history of the company and that's how we continue to approach it.
Kristine Liwag : Great! If I could just tack on a second question here. So when you think about available parts, when you think about the order activity that you have in the market, what percent of those orders are you able to deliver on and are there any specific shortages that you're facing in terms of providing to the market? 
Kevin Stein: Yeah, each business and each operating unit has its own stated lead times that they provide to the end users and the airline customers when they come in for any particular demand and those lead times can vary based on operating units. In general, given the recovery that we've seen in the aftermarket and the commercial transport aftermarket specifically, we've tried to invest in some inventory to be able to support the customer base. And I'm  off hand, I'm not aware of any specific pain points in terms of supplying airlines or turning around spares activity. Again, as a general comment, electronic component availability is still a little bit tight, but the team's been doing a nice job managing through that. 
Kristine Liwag : Great. Thank you, guys. 
Kevin Stein: Sure. 
Mike Lisman: Sure. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. At this time, I would now like to turn it back to Jaimie Stemen for closing remarks. 
Jaimie Stemen : Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes the call. We appreciate your time and have a good rest of your day. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TransDigm Group's 2023 First Quarter Results Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the call over to Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2023 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Chief Operating Officer, Jorge Valladares; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov.  The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings call for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discuss our fiscal '23 outlook. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle.  To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy specifically. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organizational structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. We acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns.  And lastly, our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had a good start to fiscal '23 and increased our guidance for the year. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market. Our Q1 results show positive growth in comparison to the same prior year period. We are encouraged by the progression of the commercial aerospace market recovery to date, and trends in the commercial aerospace market remain favorable as demand for travel remains robust.  International air traffic is closing in on the domestic travel recovery and China reopened its air travel in January with the lifting of its pandemic restrictions. However, there is still progress to be made for the industry as our results to continue to be adversely affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels since the demand for air travel is still depressed. In our business, we saw another quarter of very healthy growth in our total commercial revenues and bookings. Bookings also outpaced revenues in all 3 of our major market channels, commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and defense. We also attained an EBITDA as defined margin of 50% in the quarter. Contributing to the strong margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues, along with diligent focus on our operating strategy.  Additionally, we had strong operating cash flow generation in Q1 of almost $380 million and ended the quarter with close to $3.3 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2023. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. The capital allocation priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. Our first priority is to reinvest in our businesses; second, to do accretive M&A; and third, return capital to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends. A fourth option paying down debt seems unlikely at this time, though we do still take this into consideration.  We are continually evaluating all of our capital allocation options. As mentioned earlier, we ended the quarter with a sizable cash balance of close to $3.3 billion, which leaves us with significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future.  Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we are actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. Acquisition opportunity activity continues and we have a decent pipeline of possibilities as usual, mostly in the small and midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially so in these times.  Now moving to our outlook for fiscal 2023. As noted in our earnings release, we are increasing our full fiscal year '23 sales and EBITDA as defined guidance, both by $65 million to reflect our strong first quarter results and current expectations for the remainder of the year. The guidance assumes the continued recovery in our primary commercial end markets through fiscal '23 and no additional acquisitions or divestitures. Our current year guidance is as follows and can also be found on Slide 6 in the presentation. The midpoint of our revenue guidance is now $6.155 billion or up approximately 13%.  In regards to the market channel growth rate assumptions that this revenue guidance is based on, for the commercial aftermarket, we are updating the full year growth rate assumptions as a result of our strong first quarter results and current expectations for the remainder of the year. We now expect commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the high teens percentage range, which is an increase from our previous guidance of mid-teens percentage range. At this time, we are not updating the full year market channel growth rate assumptions for commercial OEM and defense as underlying market fundamentals have not meaningfully changed. Commercial OEM and defense revenue guidance is still based on our previously issued market channel growth rate assumptions where we expect commercial OEM revenue growth in the mid-teens percentage range and defense revenue growth in the low to mid-single-digit percentage range. The midpoint of our EBITDA as defined guidance is now $3.11 billion or up approximately 18% with an expected margin of around 50.5%.  This guidance includes about 50 basis points of margin dilution from our recent DART Aerospace acquisition. We anticipate EBITDA margins will continue to move up throughout the remainder of the year. The midpoint of our adjusted EPS is increasing primarily due to the higher EBITDA as defined guidance and is now anticipated to be $22.17 or up approximately 29%.  Mike will discuss in more detail shortly some other fiscal '23 financial assumptions and updates. As our fiscal '23 progresses, should the favorable trends in the commercial aerospace market recovery continue, including the expansion of flight activity in China, we could see further upward revisions to our guidance. We believe we are well positioned for the remainder of fiscal 2023. We'll continue to closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly.  On the organization side, I wanted to announce the retirement of Halle Martin, our General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary. Halle has been an integral part of our team since 2012 and long before as outside counsel. Jes Warren has been promoted from her position as Associate General Counsel to fill this critical role as part of our robust succession planning process. Thank you, Halle, for all of your great counsel and dedication to TransDigm.  Let me conclude by stating that I'm very pleased with the company's performance this quarter and throughout the recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. We remain focused on our value drivers, cost structure and operational excellence. Let me hand it over to Jorge to review our current -- our recent performance and a few other items.
Jorge Valladares: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the balance of the call, I'll provide commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2022. That is, assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. The market discussion includes the May 2022 acquisition of DART Aerospace in both periods. DART has been included in this market analysis discussion since the third quarter of fiscal '22. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we'll split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket.  Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 20% in Q1 compared with the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were strong compared to the same prior year period and solidly outpaced sales. Sequentially, the bookings improved almost 15% compared to Q4. We continue to be encouraged by build rates steadily progressing at the commercial OEMs and the strong demand for new aircraft. However, ongoing labor instability and supply chain challenges across the broader aerospace sector present risks to achieving OEM production rates.  Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 31% in Q1 when compared with the prior year period. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by continued strength in our passenger submarket, which is our largest submarket, although all of our commercial aftermarket submarkets were up significantly compared to prior year Q1.  Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 7% and bookings grew more than 25%. Commercial aftermarket bookings were robust this quarter compared to the same prior year period and Q1 bookings significantly outpaced sales. Turning to broader market dynamics. Global revenue passenger miles remained lower than pre-pandemic levels, but have continued to steadily trend upwards over the past few months. Airline passenger demand remained strong throughout the fall and holiday season. IATA currently forecast calendar year '23 air traffic will be within about 15% of pre-pandemic. The recovery in domestic travel continues to be stronger than international travel, although international traffic is catching up.  In the most recently reported IATA traffic data for December, global domestic air traffic was only down 20% compared to pre-pandemic. For the U.S., domestic travel in December was within 10% of pre-pandemic levels. Domestic travel in China continued to lag other major air traffic regions and was down about 55% compared to pre-pandemic. However, the lifting of COVID restrictions and the reopening of China to international travelers bodes well for air traffic growth. Roughly a year ago, international travel globally was depressed about 60%, but in the most recently reported IATA traffic data for December, international travel was only down about 25% compared to pre-pandemic levels.  International traffic in North America and Europe were within 5% and 15% of pre-pandemic, respectively. Asia Pacific International travel was still down about 50%, but should improve subsequent to the January reopening of China. Global air cargo demand has continued to pull back over the past few months. As of IATA's most recent data, December was another month in which air cargo volumes showed year-over-year decline and were below pre-pandemic levels. The recent easing of pandemic-related restrictions in China could be favorable for air cargo in '23, but it's too early to determine. Business jet utilization has come down from pandemic highs and has continued to temper over the past handful of months. However, activity is still above pre-pandemic levels and business jet OEMs and operators forecast strong demand in the near term. Time will tell how this plays out as there is softening optimism for the business jet market due to the uncertainty within the current macro and financial environment.  Shifting to our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue, the defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 3% in Q1 when compared with the prior year period. Defense bookings are up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period and Q1 bookings strongly outpaced sales, which bodes well for future defense order activity. Impacting our defense market revenues are the ongoing delays in the U.S. government defense spend outlays. While these delays appear to be slowly improving, they do remain longer than historical average levels. Our teams are steadily making progress with the supply chain, but continue to face challenges. The lack of electronic component availability continues to be the primary focus for our teams.  As Kevin mentioned earlier, we continue to expect low to mid-single-digit percent range growth this year for our defense market revenues. Lastly, I'd like to wrap up by stating how pleased I am by our operational performance in this first quarter of fiscal '23. We remain focused on our value drivers in meeting increased customer demand for our products. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Michael Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters for the quarter and then expectations for the full fiscal year. First, on organic growth and liquidity. In the first quarter, our organic growth rate was 15%, driven by the continued rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow which we traditionally define as EBITDA, less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $400 million for the quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was exactly 6x, down from 6.4x at the end of last quarter.  On a net debt-to-EBITDA basis, this puts us right at the 5-year pre-COVID average level. Additionally, our cash interest coverage ratios, such as EBITDA to interest expense are currently in line with where we've historically operated the business. We feel comfortable here given the benefit of our interest rate hedges and fixed rate debt instruments that were entered into in a lower interest rate environment. As always, we continue to watch the rising interest rate environment in the current state of the debt markets very closely.  During the first quarter, we completed an extension of our nearest maturity term loan pushing the maturity date from mid-2024 out into 2027. Pro forma for this refinancing, our nearest term maturity is now 2025. As a result of this refi, our interest expense estimate for FY '23 ticked up very slightly, as you can see in today's updated interest expense guidance. Over 75% of our total $20 billion gross debt balance is at a fixed rate through a combination of fixed rate notes and interest rate caps and swaps through 2025. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates at least in the immediate term.  Going forward, we expect to continue both proactively and prudently managing our debt maturity stacks. Practically for us, this means pushing out any near-term maturities well in advance of the final maturity date and then also utilizing hedging instruments where we can in order to lock in the cash interest costs. As we sit here today from an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends during fiscal '23. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: How are you anticipating the commercial aerospace aftermarket revenue to progress sequentially through the year compared to the first quarter?
Kevin Stein: I would expect much like flight activity that it should keep trending upwards. That's our expectation. We'll see if that plays out.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And you mentioned bookings ahead of shipments across the board. Do you have any quantification of that?
Michael Lisman: We've historically not given book-to-bills across the end markets, Noah, but I think it's pretty healthy growth that supports the revised guidance on revenue for today. So we feel good about hitting that healthy growth and healthy outperformance and really positive book-to-bill ratios across the end markets.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And just last one. The EBITDA guidance revision is the same as revenue at the midpoint. So it implies a 100% incremental on the additional revenue. I know it's not that simple. But can you just walk me through how the EBITDA is able to be the same as the revenue in the guidance revision?
Michael Lisman: Yes. I think, Noah, what you're seeing there is just the upsides mainly in the commercial aftermarket space, which is our most profitable end market of the 3. And then separately, some better cost performance, right? You're not typically getting 100% drop to your point, but we are doing slightly better on the cost than we expected, but that's what you're seeing there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Partners.
Robert Stallard: Kevin, you mentioned that the M&A pipeline is still looking pretty active. I was wondering if you're seeing any sign of these higher interest rates starting to impact the appetite of financial buyers?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think we've seen some impact over the last 6 months or so. I think you see that in a general lack of activity, although we've been busy evaluating different targets. I think we see that changing, though, as there seems to be some important properties coming to market in the next 6 months or so, I think this should change. So we remain relatively optimistic as always. But I think that gives you some indication of what we're looking at in the future.
Robert Stallard: And one for Mike in related topic actually. You mentioned there's some debt due in 2025. If you were to refinance that today, what sort of interest rate would you expect to pay on that?
Michael Lisman: It's hard to say, something like what we got on the December refi, we just did a month or 2 ago. The interest rate ticked up by about 1.0% from LIBOR plus 225 to SOFR plus 325, and debt markets are a little bit better given what's come out on inflation and the Fed rate move since that December rate. So maybe you do a little bit better than that, but it's hard to say that's just a guess.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle of Credit Suisse.
Scott Deuschle: Kevin, I wanted to get your thoughts on M&A outside of A&D. Is that something you'd ever do? And if you were to do something outside of A&D, should we expect you to start small? Or could we see you start with something bigger?
Kevin Stein: Well, we don't like to speculate on that. We have studied what it would look like to acquire something outside of M&A -- of A&D, but we think it's best to stay focused on aerospace. There are still so many great opportunities and a number of them coming up. Like I said, in the next 6 months that keep us very focused on the pure-play aerospace and defense. For intellectual reasons and also because we may have to do one day in the distant future, we do look at other areas, but none of them have appeared interesting enough to overshadow our desire to keep growing in aerospace and defense.
Scott Deuschle: Great. That's really helpful. And then for Mike, you showed some really good leverage on SG&A this quarter. I think your sales were up 17%, but SG&A was actually down. So curious if you could outline a bit what the cost mitigation efforts are that you're running there and then how SG&A might trend as we move throughout the year?
Michael Lisman: Yes. We really look at the EBITDA line historically. We've not gone back and looked and commented specifically on gross profit versus SG&A trends just because of the accounting puts and takes there. And as we think about forecasting for the year, we really look at EBITDA as defined ratio and feel good about hitting the 50.5% or maybe slightly better than we gave the guidance for today. And it's hard to comment specifically where SG&A could go for the balance of the year on a quarterly basis.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I would just add, I think, in general, as we've had and we've performed in past downturns in the uptick. We did a lot of heavy lifting with restructuring as a result of the COVID pandemic and the teams have done a nice job managing to the lower cost structure and supporting the additional demand. And I think we'll continue to do so throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss of Barclays.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Josh Corn on for David. Working capital was fairly neutral in Q1. Do you still see the $150 million drag for the year?
Michael Lisman: We do. I mean, as we come back to pre-COVID levels, that's going to go in over the course of the year. It's kind of lumpy in how it happens and the progression and forecasting is tough, but we do expect that amount to go back in.
Unidentified Analyst: And it looks like overall aftermarket revenues were back pretty much to pre-pandemic levels. Can you give us a sense of where volumes are?
Kevin Stein: I think we're still 20% to maybe 30% off in volumes. There is still a lot of regions, as Jorge reviewed, that have not fully come back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird.
Peter Arment: Nice results, and I'm sorry if you missed your opening remarks, but just on China, just kind of assumptions around what you expect there just as we get the reopening traffic picking up pretty materially, hopefully, wide-body activity comes back. Just remind us kind of the mix that we should be thinking about with China and just how you kind of incorporated that in your forecast?
Jorge Valladares: Sure. I'll take that one. From our perspective, we're still in the early innings of China opening up, obviously, this past month. Our teams, as they always do, do a bottoms-up analysis and planning process as we enter any fiscal year. And there was some recovery expected baked into our forecast and our plan. We'll see how it plays out. Generally, we don't have and we don't track specific regions. We think we're fleet weighted. And obviously, it's a big market. So hopefully, that will be helpful as we progress throughout the year.
Peter Arment: I guess just a follow-up quickly. On just the wide-body activity, could you make a comment, Jorge, just on what you're seeing regarding some of the airlines behavior on the wide-body?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I don't think we've seen much shift. Again, the opening for China international travel is pretty new. You would logically expect the wide-body usage to improve given those types of routes. But we're still, again, in the early innings of this.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: In the past, you've sometimes given color on discretionary versus nondiscretionary aftermarket demand. Any color there or by channel distribution versus direct?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think most of our revenues are on direct sales. In general, we're seeing good strength and good recovery across all of the individual submarkets.
Michael Lisman: And on the discretionary versus nondiscretionary point, we think consistent with what we've said in the past, we're mostly nondiscretionary when it comes to the commercial aftermarket bucket.
Gautam Khanna: And that's where you're seeing kind of the incremental strength is in the nondiscretionary. I'm just curious like...
Michael Lisman: It's like hard to break it out...
Jorge Valladares: I think we're seeing strength across the board in all of the submarkets.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just curious what you're seeing in terms of inflation this year from your suppliers? What if -- do you have a dollar value you could give to us and how -- what you're doing to offset it with pricing?
Michael Lisman: Yes. I don't have a specific dollar value to give you. In general, we really focus on productivity. We are seeing inflationary pressures from the supply chains. We've got all of our teams have individual decentralized procurement organizations that are doing a nice job working with the supply chain, trying to minimize the level of inflation, and we continue to work the productivity to offset that, and you're seeing that flow through in terms of the lower cost structures.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Akers of Wells Fargo.
Matthew Akers: I wonder if you could elaborate the comment, you could see a further upward revision in the guidance as we go through the year. How much of that kind of uncertainty, is China versus kind of OE build rates or sort of -- I don't know if you can kind of quantify what the biggest buckets of that uncertainty could be?
Kevin Stein: I think it's probably a big piece from China. But clearly, OEM is not performing where it was prior to the COVID outbreak. So there is room really in all of the market segments for improvement.
Matthew Akers: Okay. Got it. And then I guess on your cash balance, it's kind of come down from where it was during COVID, but still higher than what we saw a few years ago. How much higher should we expect you to kind of leave that just so you have kind of the optionality in case a deal comes through or something like that?
Michael Lisman: Yes. We're -- obviously, we're sitting on more than we've had historically to your point. We feel good about the M&A pipeline, as Kevin said, and what's coming, we do have far more than we need to operationally run the business, but it's something we think about quite a bit just in terms of the capital allocation priorities that Kevin provided and want to make sure we have enough firepower for potential M&A in the current environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Rocco Barbara on for Seth. Now that leverage is in the 6x range that has been stated in the past to be the general ballpark range for the company, how do you think about new acquisitions and/or capital deployment moving forward? Also where would you consider returning cash again?
Michael Lisman: Yes. It's hard to say exactly. Like I just mentioned, we're always looking at the capital deployment options, right? We're doing that today. We do it quite a bit, obviously, monthly, and we want to be strategic with our capital and make sure we have enough at all times for M&A if it comes. And then also, it's the shareholders' capital. So we want to be efficient with it. And if we don't find a use for it, give it back.  With regard to the leverage ratio, we are at about 6x which is historically where we were in a lower interest rate environment. I think we're -- as I mentioned, we feel comfortable where we are today at the 6x level and given the benefit of the hedges. It's hard to say if we tick up from here if we went and found a good acquisition candidate and use a little bit of debt, you could always do that, though you'd then be adding EBITDA. So I think it's safe to say going forward, given that we have the hedges and also that our interest rate hasn't moved much because of those, it's probably likely that we stay sort of at the 6x ballpark with some movement this way or that way, consistent with the last 5 years of history or so. But no real material change with the approach to leverage is expected.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Then as a quick follow-up. You had mentioned earlier that you expect EBITDA as defined margin to kind of expand as we go through this year. Should we be expecting that expansion to continue in the out years? Or are we approaching a range where the margin will begin to plateau?
Kevin Stein: We are still navigating 2023. We'll give guidance on '24 and beyond when it's appropriate. But obviously, our model is to keep, keep expanding, keep improving our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andre Madrid of Bank of America.
Andre Madrid: I kind of wanted to take a look back at the supply chain. Obviously, there's a lot of financial stress in the lower tiers. Do you guys see that as a room for opportunity when it comes to M&A? Just kind of wanted to gauge your outlook on that.
Kevin Stein: Not really. We don't look to vertically integrate. We look to acquire phenomenal aerospace and defense businesses that we can further improve. Buying parts of the supply chain vertically integrating usually doesn't meet our criteria for highly engineered, unique aerospace components with aftermarket content, and we like to stay very disciplined in that approach. That's been the secret to our success, I think, in our M&A culture.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Pete Osterland of Truist.
Peter Osterland: Just wanted to ask, how are you managing through the current labor market environment? Has attrition been manageable? Do you need additional hires to meet the growth you're anticipating this year? Or have there been any challenges related to productivity?
Jorge Valladares: Yes, I'll take that. I think generally, the teams have done a really nice job. We continue to focus on CapEx and productivity. Over the last couple of years, we've been able to invest in the business, and find different automation opportunities to take labor out of the process here and there. I think in general, the labor market conditions have been improving over the last couple of months. Most teams have plans in place to support potential OE production rate increases as we're all hoping will occur. So I don't see any significant issues. And I'd say, in general terms, it's probably improved a little bit the last couple of months.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Jaimie Stemen for closing remarks. Madam?
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes today's call. We appreciate your time and have a good rest of your day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-10 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q4 2022 TransDigm Group, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After speakers presentation, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2022 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Chief Operating Officer, Jorge Valladares; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discuss our fiscal 2023 outlook. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy, specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We utilize a simple, well-proven value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organizational structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. We acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. Our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we closed out the year with another good quarter considering the market environment. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and remain encouraged by the favorable trends in air traffic. Our Q4 results show positive growth in comparison to the same prior year period as we are lapping the fourth fiscal quarter of '21, which was more heavily impacted by the pandemic. Although our results have improved over the prior year quarter, they continue to be adversely affected in the comparison to pre-pandemic levels as the demand for air travel remains depressed. We are happy to see the continuation of the favorable trends in global air traffic recovery with domestic air travel still leading and international air traffic catching up. The majority of countries have fully reopened to international travelers. However, China air traffic lags the recovery seen in other countries. Domestic air travel in China continues to experience strict COVID policies that limit travel. China's international air traffic remains very depressed and has only made modest improvement from COVID lows. In our bookings, we saw another quarter of robust growth in our commercial revenues and bookings. I am very pleased that despite this challenging environment, our EBITDA as defined margin was 49.8% in the quarter. Contributing to the strong margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues, along with our strict operational focus and disciplined approach to cost structure management. Additionally, we had good operating cash flow generation in Q4 of almost $275 million and closed the quarter with approximately $3 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash through 2023. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. During fiscal '22, we are pleased to have allocated about $2.4 billion of capital in the aggregate across M&A and return of capital to our shareholders. Specifically, these activities included the acquisition of DART Aerospace, a special dividend of $18.50 per share and share buybacks. As mentioned earlier, we are exiting fiscal 2022 with a sizable cash balance of approximately $3 billion, which leaves us with significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we are actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. Acquisition opportunity activity continues, and we have a decent pipeline of possibilities as usual, mostly in the small to midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but specifically so in these times. Now moving to our outlook for fiscal 2023. As you saw in the earnings release, we initiated full fiscal year 2023 guidance. The guidance assumes no additional acquisitions or divestitures and is based on current expectations for a continued recovery in our primary commercial end markets through fiscal 2023. Guidance was previously suspended as a result of the significant disruption in our primary commercial end markets related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Throughout fiscal '22, we were encouraged by the recovery seen in our commercial revenues and strong booking trends. Total commercial bookings in fiscal '22 exceeded sales by a healthy double-digit percentage that supports the fiscal '23 commercial end market revenue guidance, which I will comment on shortly. We are cautiously optimistic that the prevailing conditions will continue to evolve favorably. However, as our fiscal '23 progress, we will continue to monitor the ongoing uncertainty and risks and market conditions closely and will react as necessary. Changes in market conditions and the impact to our primary end markets could lead to revisions in our guidance for 2023. Our initial guidance for fiscal 2023 continuing operations is as follows and can also be found on Slide 7 in the presentation. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2023 revenue guidance is $6.09 billion or up approximately 12%. As a reminder and consistent with past years, with roughly 10% less working days than subsequent quarters, fiscal '23 Q1 revenues, EBITDA and EBITDA margins are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters of '23. This revenue guidance is based on the following market channel growth rate assumptions. We expect commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the mid-teens percentage range, commercial OEM revenue growth also in the mid-teens percentage range, and finally, defense revenue growth in the low to mid single-digit percentage range. The midpoint of fiscal 2023 EBITDA as defined guidance is $3.045 billion or up approximately 15% with an expected margin of around 50%. This guidance includes about 50 basis points of margin dilution from our recent DART Aerospace acquisition. We anticipate EBITDA margin will move up throughout the year, with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4 of our fiscal 2022. The midpoint of adjusted EPS is anticipated to be $21.38 or up approximately 25%. Mike will discuss in more detail shortly the factors impacting EPS along with some other fiscal 2023 financial assumptions and updates. We believe we are well positioned as we enter fiscal '23. As usual, we'll closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I'm very pleased with the company's performance in this period of recovery for the commercial aerospace industry. We remain sharply focused on our value drivers, cost structure and operational excellence. We look forward to fiscal 2023 and the opportunity to continue to create value for our stakeholders through our consistent strategy. Now let me hand it over to Jorge to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Jorge Valladares: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2021. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. The market discussion includes the recent acquisition of DART Aerospace in both periods and the impact of any divestitures completed in fiscal 2021 are removed in both periods. We also included DART in this market analysis discussion in the third quarter of fiscal 2022. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we'll split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 29% in Q4 and approximately 24% for full-year fiscal 2022 compared with prior year periods. Bookings in the quarter were strong compared to the same prior year period and again outpaced sales. Sequentially, total commercial OEM sales improved roughly 8% compared to Q3. We're encouraged by build rates steadily progressing at the commercial OEMs, but risks remain with regard to the achievement of certain OEM production rate targets due to ongoing labor shortages and supply chain issues across the broader aerospace sector. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 36% in Q4 and 43% for full-year fiscal 2022 when compared with prior year periods. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by the continued robust demand in our passenger submarket, which is our largest submarket, although all of our commercial aftermarket submarkets were up significantly compared to prior year Q3. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 6%. Commercial aftermarket bookings were strong this quarter compared to the same prior year period and Q4 bookings once again outpaced sales. A few key points to consider. Global revenue passenger miles remained lower than pre-pandemic levels. Revenue passenger miles have generally continued to trend upwards over the past few months, although there was a slight pullback in August RPMs and September has remained relatively flat compared to August. This is primarily a result of softer domestic China traffic due to ongoing zero-COVID policies. Commentary from airlines in recent months regarding passenger demand continues to be positive. Despite the increase in airline ticket prices, passenger demand has remained strong as the summer travel season came to a close and we entered the fall season. The recovery in domestic travel continues to be stronger than international travel. In the most recently reported IATA traffic data for September, domestic air traffic was only down 19% compared to pre-pandemic. The U.S. and Europe continue to lead, showing strong demand for domestic travel. U.S. domestic travel in September was back to pre-pandemic levels. However, China's domestic travel had another steep drop off in September due to strict COVID policies and was down about 60% compared to pre-pandemic. The international air traffic recovery has continued to make progress throughout 2022. Many countries have fully reopened international travelers, and there is pent-up demand for long-haul travel. Approximately six months ago, international travel was still down about 50%, but in the most recently reported IATA traffic data for September international travel was only down about 30% compared to pre-pandemic levels. International traffic in North America is within about 10% of pre pandemic. In Europe, international traffic is within 20% or so of pre pandemic. Asia Pacific international travel has made good progress over the past months, but RPMs are still down about 60%. Global air cargo demand has pulled back over the past months. As of IATA's most recent data, September was another month in which air cargo volume showed year-over-year decline and were below pre-pandemic levels. Further easing of pandemic-related restrictions and factory re-openings in China could support near-term improvement in air cargo, though uncertainty remains regarding China's timeline for full reopening. Business jet utilization has come down from pandemic highs, but is still well above pre-pandemic levels. Business jet OEMs and operators continue to forecast strong demand in the near-term. There is growing optimism that the pandemic brought a favorable structural change to the business jet industry, time will tell. Moving on to our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 2% in Q4 and declined by approximately 3% for full-year fiscal 2022 when compared with prior year periods. This year followed a typical pattern of irregular and lumpy defense sales and bookings. The lag in defense outlays and supply chain shortages were the main contributors to our softer-than-expected defense performance for 2022. Negatively impacting our defense market revenues were the delays in the U.S. government defense spend outlays. There's often a lag between U.S. government defense fed on federalization and outlays and the lag is hard to predict. While these delays have been longer than typical, we did see some improvement in bookings this quarter, which bodes well for future defense order activity. On the supply chain, our teams continued to experience delays due to part shortages surrounding electronic components. Our operating units are proactively engaged with the supply chain and continue to implement mitigating actions to overcome these challenging issues. We do expect our defense business to expand in fiscal 2023 due to the strength of our current order book. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we expect low to mid single-digit percent range growth in fiscal 2023 for our defense market revenues. I'd like to finish by recognizing the strong efforts and accomplishments of our teams during this challenging fiscal year. I'm very pleased by our operational performance and our team's ability to overcome the negative impacts of the pandemic and supply chain disruptions we experienced throughout the year. As we enter our new fiscal year, our management and their teams remain focused on our consistent operating strategy and meeting the demand for our products. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters for fiscal '22 and then also our expectations for fiscal '23. First, a few fiscal '22 data points on organic growth, taxes and liquidity. In the fourth quarter, our organic growth rate was 16%, driven by the continued rebound and our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On taxes, our GAAP and adjusted tax rates finished the year within their expected ranges. Our FY '22 GAAP tax rate was 23% and the adjusted rate was just under 25%. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally define as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was just over $1.2 billion for the year, a bit higher than the $1.0 billion we had originally expected, driven primarily by the good operating performance that Kevin and Jorge mentioned. We ended the year with approximately $3 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And at quarter end, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 6.4x, down from the 6.7x level where we finished last quarter when you pro forma in the $18.50 per share dividend that we paid in August. We continue to watch the rising interest rate environment closely. We remain 85% hedged on our total $20 billion gross debt balance through a combination of interest rate caps and swaps through 2025. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates at least in the immediate term. With regard to any potential changes to our long-term approach to using debt to boost our equity returns, we'll see how the interest rate environment develops over the next three years, but do not anticipate any big changes in our approach at this time. Though one could envision a scenario where we slightly dial back the leverage on a net debt-to-EBITDA basis to achieve the type of cash interest coverage ratios where we've historically operated and been comfortable operating the business. Next, on the FY '23 expectations. I'm going to really quickly give some more details on the financial assumptions around interest expense, taxes and share count. Net interest expense is expected to be about $1.14 billion in fiscal '23, and this equates to a weighted average cash interest rate of approximately 5.75%. This estimate assumes an average LIBOR rate of 4.9% for the full fiscal year, which is simply the average based on the current forward consensus LIBOR curve. On taxes, our fiscal '23 GAAP cash and adjusted rates are all anticipated to be in the range of 24% to 26%. The slight increase in our tax rate versus the prior year is due mainly to the manner in which the net interest deduction limitation is calculated under existing tax legislation for fiscal '23 versus how it was computed in prior years. On the share count, we expect our weighted average shares to be $57.1 million during fiscal '23, and this figure takes into account the 1.5 million shares we repurchased during the '22 fiscal year but assumes no additional buybacks occurred during the '23 fiscal year. With regard to liquidity and leverage for fiscal '23, we expect to continue running free cash flow positive throughout the year. As we traditionally define our free cash flow, which again is EBITDA as defined less cash interest, CapEx and cash taxes, we estimate this metric to be in the $1.4 billion area, maybe a little better in fiscal '23. Assuming no additional acquisitions or capital markets transactions, we'll end the year with well north of $4 billion of cash on the balance sheet and estimate that our net leverage will be in the area of 5x EBITDA as defined at September 30, 2023. From an overall cash, liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends during fiscal '23. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question that we have will be coming from Myles Walton of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Sure. Thanks. Good morning guys. Mike, maybe to pick up on free cash flow where you just were -- obviously, you had a pretty healthy consumption of working capital as you build into the growth ahead. Is a similar amount of builds anticipated in fiscal '23? And just a clarification. You talked about maybe bringing down the net leverage or net debt to EBITDA leverage. Would you consider bringing down the gross leverage as well? Or is that something that is not what you're thinking about? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: Sure. So first, on the net working capital point. From peak to trough during COVID, about $410 million came out of net working capital. That's if you define it as just AR plus inventory less payables, which is primarily how we look at it. About 260 went back in during fiscal '22. So we've got about $140 million, $150 million more to go. We expect the bulk of that to happen during the coming fiscal year, so fiscal '23. That's generally how we think about it and getting back to where we were pre-COVID. And then on the leverage point, we'll see at this time, we don't anticipate going and paying down any of the gross debt balance because we have the benefit of the hedges and also the benefit of having taken out the bulk of that $20 billion of debt and a far better interest rate environment when rates were a lot lower. We have the next three years where we have the benefit of the hedges. We're really just not subject to the current market interest rates given that they're now 4 percentage points higher than they were about 12 months ago. But we do look at it if we think about it often. And as you know, historically, we've been comfortable operating the business with a higher leverage level on a net debt-to-EBITDA basis. We tend to think we'll have a similar approach going forward, and the methodology there hasn't changed. But no, in response to your question, we don't, at this time, envision paying down any gross debt.
Myles Walton: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Robert Spingarn of Melius Research. Your line is open.
Robert Spingarn: Hey good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Jorge Valladares: Good morning
Robert Spingarn: Kevin, on the commercial aftermarket growth rate in the guidance, if China opens up, how might that number addressed?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think you know there's not much flight activity happening. And as a percentage of the fleet, it is a significant percentage of flight activity prior to COVID. So it could be a real tailwind to us as that opens back up. Given the uncertainty in the market with global conflicts, China and their zero COVID inflation, potential recession it was hard to forecast more growth than what we put in the mid-teens right now. There's just enough uncertainty out there.
Robert Spingarn: Is it as simple as just saying maybe it's 20% of the market and it's half recovered and so it's a 10% number. Does that math make any sense?
Kevin Stein: It could make sense. We don't like to get baked around those numbers. We don't look at things regionally like that. However, it's probably directionally accurate.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just on M&A again. We've seen valuations come down in the public markets, today notwithstanding, but they've also come down in the private markets for quality assets with significant amounts of commercial aftermarket content. Have you seen that?
Kevin Stein: I wouldn't say that we've seen that. There's a lot of activity. Unfortunately, we haven't had anything across the finish line since DART's a couple of quarters ago. We're very busy, generally speaking, in small to middle-sized businesses. We just haven't been able to get any of them across the finish line due to an unfavorable market sentiment around how do I get financing for a business, not us, but it's certainly restricting deals that are available in the marketplace. So I think altogether, it's been a little bit disappointing. There are some headwinds in M&A for the general market, and we stay aggressive.
Robert Spingarn: Okay, great. Thank you, Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Yes.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And one moment while we get ready for the next question. The next question I have is from Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning. 
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Kevin, just following up on the other Rob's question about the capital deployment situation. Are you seeing any change in sentiment or maybe direction or activity from financial buyers? Are these guys getting squeezed by the higher interest rates? Are they not bidding for things aggressively as they were in the past or perhaps even having to sell assets?
Kevin Stein: I don't think we've seen anybody selling assets, but we believe there is squeezing happening. It's certainly limiting the number of people that can bid on businesses today, and I think that is slowing the number of businesses that can come to market.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then maybe a follow-up on this area as well. Given the strength in the U.S. dollar at the moment, are you more interested in perhaps buying more European aerospace and defense assets going forward?
Kevin Stein: We don't factor that into really the way we look at returns on a business. We evaluate them all based on really what they can do. So we're not looking for businesses in Europe any more than usual. We look at all geographies, regions. So we're encouraged and looking everywhere. We have a team of M&A folks that are looking for opportunities in Europe, certainly as we speak. But there's no additional focus on it.
Robert Stallard: Yes. That's great. Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Thank you for your question. One moment while we get ready for the next question. And the next question that I have will be coming from Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning, Noah.
Jorge Valladares: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Just a few more to make sure I have it all on capital structure and capital deployment. Mike, you alluded to the potential to hold slightly lower leverage if the rate environment stays here. Can you define what -- or quantify what that would mean in terms of net debt to EBITDA? And you mentioned the interest coverage ratio. Can you define what quantify what you're looking to maintain there? And then to the extent that you keep this bid-ask spread challenge in the M&A environment, will you look to maybe repurchase shares to start off the year here?
Mike Lisman: Sure. So a couple of things on the interest coverage ratios and leverage point, and I'll come around to the repurchase shares point. I can tell you how we think about it. So two things. First, the first part is just the cost of capital question, right, with regard to the approach with leverage, and that piece is pretty easy. To the extent debt remains cheaper than equity, which is true today with our debt costs trading in the 8% to 9% area based on implied yields, we still have a preference to use debt as much as we can, simply because it's cheaper, right? The debt cost of 5.75% this coming year with the benefit of the hedges and that's well below the targeted equity return of 17.5% that we've had for a long time now here at TransDigm. So that piece is pretty easy. But then second, and this gets to the cash interest coverage point, and that's of equal or more important in this kind of rising rate environment. And that's practically how much debt and prudently can we take on without being stupid and jeopardizing the value of the equity, right? And on the cash interest coverage question, we look at EBITDA to interest coverage ratios. So we frequently in the past have talked about net debt to EBITDA, as you guys have heard on this call many times, and that ratio has sort of been in the 6x ballpark for TransDigm. That's if you take the last five years and average it when you strip out the COVID period. And if you look at that same time period, but instead focused on a cash interest coverage ratio, like EBITDA to interest expense, you'd see that one bounce around 2x to 3x and that 2x to 3x ballpark with an average of just about 2.5. So we look at that ratio a lot now more than we have in the past, along with the net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. And we feel comfortable running TransDigm in that kind of two to three ballpark for EBITDA to interest coverage ratio going forward. And if you think about fiscal '23 specifically, because of the hedges, we're nicely in the middle of those brackets, right? And we've got that benefit in fiscal '24 and 2025 as well. But again, that's only because of the hedges and because we took out that debt and those lower interest rate environments, and that's not lost on us as a management team. So we think about it quite often. And we know that we have those benefits for the next three, four years. And you could envision a time where if we didn't have -- or today, we didn't have those benefits, we might have to dial back the leverage a bit to sort of hit the EBITDA to interest coverage ratios that I mentioned of sort of the 2x to 3x ballpark. That's not the case and won't be for three years because we got the benefit of the hedges and haven't taken out the debt in the prior lower interest rate environment. So that's a long-winded way of hopefully giving you some insight at least into how we think about it and putting some bands around the coverage ratios that we're comfortable running the business at. And then coming around to your second question, Noah, on the share repurchase point, I think, as Kevin has said many times before, we'll continue to evaluate all three options. The priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. First, reinvest in our own businesses. Second, go and do M&A. And then third, return capital to our shareholders via buybacks or dividends. We'll look at both -- could do both, maybe not as we did this prior year. And then last, pay down gross debt balance.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Super helpful. I appreciate all that detail, Mike. Thank you.
Mike Lisman: Sure.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And now for the next question a moment. Our next question will come from Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you so much. Good morning guys.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Jorge Valladares: Good morning
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thanks. When we think about fiscal '23 adjusted EBITDA margins, the guidance implies up 130 basis points above your target of 100 despite 50 basis points of dilution from acquisitions. I guess you have commercial OE and aftermarket up 15%. How do we think about the puts and takes to margin expansion?
Jorge Valladares: I think generally, we went through a fair amount of restructuring due to the COVID pandemic. And historically, we've been able to restructure the business during these types of crises and get some gains as the business returns. And I think we're seeing that. We saw that throughout this year, and we would expect that to flow through next year as well with some of the reduction and the real heavy focus on productivity that we've got going on at the operating units. I think we've given the general guidance that we're comfortable with in terms of the particular market segments and the OEM assumptions and the aftermarket assumptions and that's where we feel comfortable guiding to in this environment.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Yes, that makes a lot of sense.
Kevin Stein: I would also say, Sheila, in this world, we're -- as we've said many times, we're a bottoms-up, not a top-down forecasting company. So this is the work of all of our many businesses that roll up their forecast to us. And I think over time, they can be more accurate than a top-down approach of guessing what RPM growth is going to be. I think this is the most accurate way to forecast the business, and we've been very successful with it.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And just a follow-up on that. You mentioned supply chain a few times in your script. How are you preparing for that? And do you expect any impact to your profitability than that?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think the teams have been active really going back 12, 18 months when we started to see early signs of trouble with the supply chain. So we've been engaged with the suppliers. We're putting inventory back into the system to support the recovery, as Mike noted in his remarks. And we continue to stay on top of the details and that's really what we have found to help us through this situation. So I don't think we're anticipating any unusual pressures. Obviously, we're seeing inflation like the rest of the world is seeing. And we're trying to do our best to battle that inflationary pressure, but the teams continue to stay engaged at the detailed level.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. One moment while we prepare for the next question. And the next question is coming from Gautam Khanna of Cowen. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, good morning guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Jorge Valladares: Good morning/
Gautam Khanna: I had just a couple of questions. First, I was wondering, just can you quantify the impact of supply chain shortfalls on defense sales or whatever, all-in sales and what if there's any carryover you expect to recover next year?
Jorge Valladares: Yes, I'll handle that. I think it's been minimal in nature. You run into a supply chain issue that might impact a handful of orders and you work with the existing backlog to offset that with other orders where you've got the supply. So we're not seeing a material impact in any shape or form in terms of FY '22 results, and we're not anticipating a significant carryover that would influence the FY '23 guidance.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. That's helpful. And on the aerospace aftermarket, commercial aero, is any trends that you're seeing that you can discern between kind of discretionary aftermarket versus nondiscretionary and maybe anything in '22 that was amplified by reactivation of parked aircraft or anything? Anything that sort of you can parse out within the results you've already reported?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I mean, I think at a high level, the overall industry enjoyed the benefit of the recovery. Certainly, the last three quarters as travel returned and some of the restrictions opened up. I think as we noted, we've seen the strength in our largest submarket, which is the passenger submarket, and that includes interiors, spare parts, structural type parts, components, avionics, across the full portfolio of products. I don't think there's been any unique trend in terms of one product type versus the other. We've just enjoyed participating in the return to air travel.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you guys.
Jorge Valladares: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And one moment while we get ready for the next question. And the next question will be coming from Matt Akers of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Matthew Akers: Yes, thanks. Good morning. I wonder if you could talk about the OEM forecast and what sort of build rates you're assuming in there, just given some of the delays you've seen at Boeing, do they need to get back to kind of their target rate call it early next year or something like that for you to hit that mid-teens? And also, is there any risk that you may have delivered ahead just given some of the delays kind of from the edge and stuff that we've seen?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I mean, again, as Kevin noted, we've got a well-established bottoms-up forecasting and planning process at each individual operating unit. So they are closest to the customers, they're close to Boeing and Airbus and the other airframers. And we utilize the information that they provide, they being the OEs in Boeing and Airbus and each unit looks at what it thinks it's at in terms of the deliveries to date and what that means in terms of the future deliveries. So we use their information as best guidance. But again, we do a bottoms-up process and each operating unit looks at its specific scenario.
Matthew Akers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. One moment while we get ready for the next question. Our next question will be coming from Scott Deuschle of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Kevin, can you address the timing and scope of aftermarket price increases contemplated in the guidance? Or to ask it another way, can you help me desegregate the mid-teens as market guide between volume and price?
Kevin Stein: Yes. It's -- well, we don't split out these things so carefully. Our goal is always to pass along inflation. Right now, the forecast from our teams that we have bottoms up is mid-teens of a forecast for growth year-over-year. There's so much uncertainty in that with what's going to happen in Asia that it's hard to forecast larger numbers than that. Obviously, there's always some price in these numbers year-over-year as we've all seen inflation. But we don't split it out to put such a specific number on it because it differs by product, business. I think the way to look at it is what has inflation been and we're trying to pass that along. We see definitely inflationary pressures across our business.
Scott Deuschle: Okay. And then Mike, the CapEx guide for next year, I think, implies around 3% of sales at the high end. Obviously, the returns on capital in this business are amazing. So I think that's great to see. But just curious if you can talk a bit about what the spend is for? Thank you.
Mike Lisman: Yes. I think It's slightly elevated. I think you're right, 2.7%, 2.8% of sales versus 2.5% in some prior years. We're investing that money because we see good paybacks and good projects from our op unit teams of two years or less. And that's what's driving the productivity. One of our three value drivers and the EBITDA margin expansion that you guys see in here. We're seeing good CapEx investments, and we're putting money behind it. And then we've got a couple of onetime projects on -- some solar projects that make good sense and have good paybacks because of tax incentives, particularly in the state of California, where it's elevated a bit, because of that. But generally, we're investing behind good projects here that are driving the productivity and the margin improvement.
Scott Deuschle: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you for the question. One moment while we prepare for the next question. And the next question will be coming from Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Hello your line
Kevin Stein: He is on mute. I think we lost Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Hey guys, can you hear me?
Kevin Stein: There she is.
Kristine Liwag: Okay. Sorry about that.
Kevin Stein: No problem.
Kristine Liwag: Maybe following up on some margins, some of Sheila's questions earlier. 50% adjusted EBITDA margins will be record high for you. I mean, at some point, OE comes back, a headwind to margin. Could you talk about other levers you can pull to keep growing margins beyond '23 outside of pricing? And also on that pricing portion, is there a level where pricing is too good and the portfolio becomes more attractive for PMAs to revisit your parts?
Jorge Valladares: Yes, I'll handle that. So in terms of productivity and margin expansion, it's something that we have always focused on. That has historically been one of our three value drivers, as most of you know. It's maybe one that we don't promote or talk about as much as we need to, but the teams have really done just a great job absorbing the restructuring. As they go through their process and the planning process, they understand what the OE impact is going to be and the mix of the products. And as Mike mentioned, we continue to look for good opportunities to invest in CapEx in the form of automation of processes, automation of testing, trying to take some of that labor generally out of the process. So I think the teams have really done a fantastic job, and you're seeing that benefit the margins as you go through. In terms of pricing, ultimately, our goal has always been to get incremental price slightly above inflation. Inflation is running hot. We're seeing the inflationary pressures at our op units in terms of our cost structures. If the market priced strategy that we've always employed. And obviously, we're continually aware of what's going on in the market and trying to understand what the competitive threats are in the marketplace. And I don't think that has changed today. That's always been an active focus for us.
Kristine Liwag: Great. And the PMA question?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. Can you repeat the specific PMA question for me?
Kristine Liwag: Yes, is there a point when your pricing is so good that the PMA providers could revisit your portfolio and find it attractive to PMA some of your parts?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think in general, as I mentioned, this is part of the competitive analysis that our teams go through and understanding what the market prices are for a particular product. Generally, we have low value component-type products. So there's some limit in terms of the overall PMA targets to our portfolio, but it's something that the teams actively are aware of and trying to protect against.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Jorge Valladares: Sure.
Operator: Thank you for your question. One moment while we prepare for the next question. And the next question will be coming from Seth Siefman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Jorge Valladares: Hello, Seth are you there?
Seth Seifman: Yes, sorry, it's Seth -- sorry from JPMorgan. Yes. Okay. Good morning. So just curious, I don't want to nitpick, it was a very solid quarter, but the EBITDA margin flat year-on-year-ish and flat sequentially despite higher revenue. I don't -- I'm sure you guys will be comfortably in line or above the -- what you forecast for 2023. But were there some elevated costs that led to the incrementals being only kind of just about in line with the current margin of 50%?
Kevin Stein: I think we had about 0.5 point of drag from the DART acquisition.
Jorge Valladares: And the other element is commercial OEM was up about 29% year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, right? So there's some mix impact there as well.
Seth Seifman: Great. Okay. Okay. And then I guess, stepping back and looking longer-term, I thought one of the interesting slides at the Boeing Investor Meeting last week was they had a slide with their backlog where they showed it being 70% for replacement and 30% for growth, which I think is a much lower growth component than in the past. When you think about all that replacement that at least they're anticipating. Do you guys think about a coming wave of retirements over the next several years? And maybe what that might mean for your business?
Kevin Stein: I think there's always the risk of [indiscernible], but I think there's a lot of need right now and a difficulty to supply OEM aircraft, I think it's going to be a while before build rates catch up to actual demand. So I'm less worried in the next five-year horizon. After that, we'll have to evaluate what the market conditions look like, are there new technologies. Generally speaking, the aerospace industry changes very slowly. There's not a lot of new platforms coming out in the future. A lot of these planes are going to go into aftermarket demand arena as they come -- as they get older. I don't really think that we're setting ourselves up for a lot more retirements or something different than in the past. But we'll have to see. I think as we look forward, again, over the next several years, we're pretty comfortable that this is going to set up favorably for the company, both on the commercial side and it should be also true on the defense side.
Seth Seifman: That's very helpful. I appreciate it. If I could sneak in one more really quick. You guys -- when we were on this call a year ago, you guys talked about 20% to 30% aftermarket growth. You did 43% and I would imagine that the situation in China was much worse than anybody would have anticipated in November of 2022. Do you -- not looking forward and thinking about the impact to 2023, but looking backward to this year? Do you have any sense of how much the situation in China hurt the business, if at all? Or is that just not the way that you guys look at it at all?
Kevin Stein: I don't think that's the way we look at it. We look at what is the opportunity out in front of us. But certainly, China is 20% of aerospace travel, maybe a little more, plus or minus. It's a significant market that didn't participate almost whatsoever. So yes, that was in our numbers and was a headwind to better -- even better results and a recovery to pre-COVID levels. It's really down to just the Asia region. Most of the other regions have come back pretty close already.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. One moment while we prepare for the next question. And the next question will be coming from Michael Ciarmoli from Truist. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Jorge Valladares: Good morning.
Michael Ciarmoli: Kevin, maybe just on the guidance. I mean you kind of said the way you do the bottoms-up approach, but it also sounds like in addition to China, contemplated in that guidance are the range of economic risk, inflation, potential recessionary life conditions. And I mean, it would seem like this mid-teens incorporates a lot of risks. And I'm just wondering, is this sort of -- I hate to say a worst-case scenario, but it sounds like you've really baked in a lot of potential headwinds there. And I guess just thinking about as we go through the year, I know you've got some dark contribution, but on an apples-to-apples, do we get pretty close as we exit the year to back to pre-COVID aftermarket revenue peak?
Kevin Stein: I think we're approaching that -- yes, I think that's a comfortable way to look at it, that sometime in '23 across the board, we will achieve aftermarket parity with prior to COVID levels. We'll have to see how that all unpacks. There's still a lot that has to happen in Asia for that to happen. But again, it's -- I think it sets up favorably for us on commercial and on the defense side.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. Got it. Any color on that guidance? I mean just thinking about it? I mean, if you guys came up in the range? It would seem like this would be more on the low end of the range with a lot of risk factors already?
Kevin Stein: It could be. This is a bottoms-up approach from our teams, and they go out and look at what they think is going to happen. The problem with aftermarket is that a lot of it's not booked, it's book and ship within the quarter. So you are forecasting things that are unknown. But they're closer to their customers than we are up here at corporate. So this is why we tend to trust their numbers. We hope that it's conservative. We hope that -- all of these things don't come out as any significant impact to the aerospace market, we'll have to see.
Jorge Valladares: And I would just add, at the practical matter, we don't have any visibility to the inventory levels at our airline customers. So the teams are using all the communication that they can directly with the customer to try and build up their plans and forecasts.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. Perfect. That's helpful. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Thank you for your question. One moment while we take our next question. And we have -- our next question will be coming from David Strauss of Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning. So following up on that last comment about new visibility into airline inventories, but what about on the distribution side, what do you see in terms of that channel? And at this point, how much of your aftermarket is -- maybe update us how much is running through distribution these days?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think roughly 20% to 25% runs through distribution, exclusive distribution-type agreements. The point of sales are improving in each future quarter. And each of the teams work with their distribution partners to kind of forecast what the right inventory levels are to support that growth. And we think we're in the reasonable range based on the assumptions that all the teams have been making.
David Strauss: Okay. Mike, you talked a bit about working capital. I want to specifically about -- ask about your inventory levels. They are now back to basically where they were pre pandemic. Are you carrying any sort of extra inventory yourselves just in and around concerns around the supply chain? Or are these inventory levels about right for -- right from where your projected sales levels are?
Mike Lisman: We're carrying a little bit of extra just the op units are, just frankly, given the supply chain risks. And that's done off-unit by off-unit based on the specifics of what they're purchasing. We do that, obviously, to mitigate shipments risk and supply chain risk. So there's a little bit of extra in there. I can't put an exact dollar amount to it, but we're also just ramping up and taking product in for the growth that we see ahead going into '23 and the elevated revenue level.
David Strauss: Okay. And last one, Mike, when would you expect to deal with this 2024 term loan? How far out would you look at that?
Mike Lisman: We look at it often. It goes current, obviously, in August of '23 later this year. So we'd have to take it out by August of '24. We have enough cash to do that. I think at the present moment, if worst came to worst, and we'll have plenty of cash come at that point in time given what we'll generate from operations. But we look at it, the market seems to be open up a bit -- opening up a bit in the last two weeks or so with different types of debt transactions to push maturities out and we look at all that stuff and we want to manage the stacks, maximize the white space upfront, as you guys see in the slides and push things out into the right. And we focus on that every day now.
Kevin Stein: Yes. That's an important point to stress. This is looking at debt refinancing, capital allocation, it's something this team spends a lot of time on daily.
David Strauss: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. We have a follow-up question from Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Kevin, you just were asked about building your aerospace original equipment forecast and you spoke to the business units feeding up to you. But you've been speaking -- you sort of -- I guess, have been a little bit ahead of the curve and saying this stuff is not coming through to the production rates that the large commercial OEs have been talking about. And obviously, there's a lot of supply chain disruption out there. I just wondered if you could update us on how you're seeing that. Is it getting better? Is the demand pool you're feeling now from Boeing and Airbus linking up closer to the production rates they're talking about? Or has it not changed?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I'll take that one, Noah. I think generally, the Airbus demand pool has been tracking within a reasonable tolerance band of the stated production rates. Boeing obviously has noted they're working through a variety of supply chain issues as well as labor shortages. So from operating units to operating unit, it varies a little bit. I think we've seen -- it's probably fair to say a little bit of improvement over the last quarter. And we're all hopeful that Boeing continues to resolve some of its issues and hits the rates.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then similarly, in your defense business, that entire end market has had supply chain labor headwinds, and we've seen this -- the outlay pace strangely behind the authorization pace. But that is -- the last few months, that's caught up and we see a little bit of an inflection in your defense top line. Is that getting better? Is your order rate getting better there? How do you see that dynamic playing out moving forward?
Jorge Valladares: Yes, I think generally, across the defense market, both at the OEM level and aftermarket, we did see improvement in terms of the order rate this last quarter in Q4 of FY '22, which is what's supporting the growth forecast that we've provided in 2023 -- FY '23.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I mean low to mid-single, if we strip out what we estimate price to be, doesn't imply much for units. Is it safe to interpret that forecast as maybe splitting the difference of what's going on in this end market starting 18 months ago with what you've seen in the last quarter, but it only being a quarter, so you don't want to assume that it's fully recovered quite yet. But if it -- if that outlay trend keeps recovering back to authorization, there maybe be some upside there?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think, Noah, this is Kevin, I think we were surprised in '22 at the defense business not being stronger and that the defense industry was hit harder it seems like by supply chain issues and outlays. And I think we're just being a little conservative as we look forward to what the defense industry could become in '23. We had a good bookings quarter in Q4 but it's been lumpy and difficult to predict through '22. So we're taking a little bit more conservative approach here, I think.
Noah Poponak: Make sense. Okay. Thanks again.
Kevin Stein: Sure. Yes.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And our last question is coming as a follow-up from Scott Deuschle of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, Thank you for taking the quick follow-up. Mike, is the stock and deferred compensation expense for next year, is that a good run rate to use beyond 2023?
Mike Lisman: Sorry, is it a good what?
Scott Deuschle: Run rate to use beyond 2023?
Mike Lisman: I think so with some moderate uptick obviously for headcount, but I think it's a fair gauge, yes.
Scott Deuschle: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A session. I would like to turn the call back over to Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations for closing remark. Go ahead, please.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes the call. We appreciate your time, and have a good rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-08-09 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TransDigm Q3 Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2022 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Chief Operating Officer, Jorge Valladares; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors' section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referencing -- referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discussion of our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2022. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organizational structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. We acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. Our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had another good quarter considering the market environment. We remain encouraged by the positive trends in air traffic and the recovery we continue to see in the commercial aerospace market. Our Q3 results show positive growth in comparison to the same period in 2021 as we are lapping the third fiscal quarter of '21, which was heavily impacted by the pandemic. Although our results have improved over the prior year quarter, they continue to be unfavorably affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels as the demand for air travel remains depressed. However, we are happy to see the continued steady improvement in global air traffic. Domestic air traffic remains the leader in the air traffic recovery, and international air traffic improved these past few months as more passengers return to long-haul travel. With softened or fully lifted travel restrictions in majority of countries and the summer travel season upon us, passenger travel demand has been strong. China domestic air traffic remains low but is making progress from its most recent sharp drop-off due to strict Zero-COVID policies limiting travel. International traffic in China is finally starting to improve off of COVID lows. In our business, we saw another quarter of robust growth in our commercial aftermarket revenues and bookings. I am very pleased that despite the challenging commercial environment, our EBITDA as defined margin was 49.8% in the quarter. Contributing to the strong margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy. Additionally, we had good operating cash flow generation in Q3 of over $300 million and closed the quarter with a little over $3.8 billion of cash. We expect to continue generating additional cash in our final quarter of fiscal 2022. Next, an update on our busy quarter for capital allocation activities. I am happy to report that during Q3, we opportunistically deployed $245 million of capital via open-market repurchases of our common stock. This equates to approximately 444,000 of our shares at an average price of $554 per share. Although the price remained attractive, we were limited this quarter on the quantum we could purchase after the completion of the DART acquisition. These repurchases are in addition to the approximately 1 million shares we repurchased in our Q2 for a total of over $900 million deployed this year on share repurchases. We view these repurchases like any other capital investment and expect this will meet or exceed our long-term objectives. Also with respect to capital allocation and as we mentioned in our press release, we've decided to pay a special dividend of $18.50 per share. The dividend will be paid on August 26. Mike will address this and our buybacks more later. As for acquisitions during the quarter, we completed the DART Aerospace acquisition for approximately $360 million in cash. DART is a leading provider of highly engineered unique helicopter solutions that mainly service civilian aircraft and fits well with our proprietary and aftermarket-focused value generation strategy. Although we are not providing formal revenue guidance, we expect the DART acquisition to contribute approximately $30 million to our FY '22 revenue. Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we are actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. Acquisition opportunities continue, and we have a decent pipeline of possibilities, as usual, mostly in the small and midsize range. Although I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. In aggregate, we have allocated about $2.4 billion of capital this year for value-generating activities. Pro forma for the special dividend payout in late August, we still expect to have a sizable cash balance of close to $3 billion. These capital allocation actions will still leave us with significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. Now moving to our outlook for the remainder of 2022. Consistent with our commentary on the last earnings call, at this time, we expect to reinitiate guidance on the November 2022 earnings call for our new fiscal year, assuming prevailing conditions continue to evolve. We remain encouraged by the recovery we have seen in our commercial OEM and aftermarket revenues and the strong bookings received for both thus far in fiscal 2022. We continue to expect COVID-19 to have an adverse impact on our financial results compared to pre-pandemic levels in our final quarter of fiscal 2022 under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel, although recent positive trends in commercial air traffic could impact us favorably. As for the defense market, we're revising our defense revenue growth to flat for fiscal 2022 versus prior year. We have lowered our defense revenue expectations for fiscal 2022 primarily due to shipment delays as a result of limited supply chain shortages and delays in U.S. government defense spending outlays. As you know, bookings and shipments in this end market can often be quite lumpy. Jorge will provide more color on this topic in his section. We expect full year fiscal 2022 EBITDA margin to now surpass 48% due to the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. As a final note, this margin guidance includes the unfavorable headwind of our Cobham acquisition and DART acquisition of about this year. We believe we are well positioned for the last quarter of our fiscal 2022. As usual, we'll closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets develop, and we'll react accordingly. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2022 financial assumptions and updates. Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the company's performance in this period of recovery for the commercial aerospace industry. We remain focused on executing our operating strategy and managing our cost structure. Now let me hand it over to Jorge to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Jorge Valladares: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2021, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. The market discussion now includes the recent acquisition of DART Aerospace in both periods and the impact of any divestitures completed in fiscal 2021 are removed in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we'll split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 23% in Q3 compared with the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were up significantly compared to the same prior year period and again strongly outpaced sales. Sequentially, total commercial OEM sales improved almost 5% compared to Q2. We're encouraged by build rates steadily progressing at the commercial OEMs. However, there have been overall downward revisions in expected future production rates by the commercial OEMs primarily due to labor shortages and supply chain issues. Our expectation remains that in the short term, the demand for our commercial OEM products will continue to be reduced. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 44% in Q3 when compared with prior year period. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by robust demand in our passenger submarket, which is our largest submarket, although all of our commercial aftermarket submarkets were up significantly compared to prior year Q3. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 7%. Commercial aftermarket bookings were up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period, and Q3 bookings strongly outpaced sales. To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles are still depressed compared to pre-pandemic levels. However, revenue passenger miles have continued to trend upwards over the past months after the slight pullback in January that was primarily due to the Omicron variant. The continued recovery in air travel, especially the progress we have recently seen in international travel, confirms the pent-up demand to travel. Commentary from airlines in recent months has also been positive regarding robust passenger demand. Even with airline ticket prices higher than historical levels, passenger demand has remained strong in the summer season. The recovery in domestic travel continues to be stronger than international travel. In the most recently reported IATA traffic data for June, domestic air traffic was only down 19% compared to pre-pandemic. The U.S. and Europe continue to lead, showing strong demand for domestic travel. U.S. domestic travel is only off about 8% from pre-pandemic levels. China domestic travel is still down about 50% but is beginning to show signs of recovery from its most recent steep drop-off in air travel due to its Zero-COVID policies. The international air traffic recovery has made strides over these past few months. With many of the government-imposed travel restrictions lifted, passengers have been returning to long-haul travel. In March, international travel was still down about 50%. But in the most recently reported IATA traffic data for June, international travel was only down about 35% compared to pre-pandemic levels. For both the U.S. and Europe, international traffic is within 20% or better of pre-pandemic levels. Asia Pacific international travel is improving but continues to unfavorably impact the overall international air traffic recovery with RPKs still down about 70%. Global air cargo demand has tempered over the past few months. As of IATA's most recent data, June was another month of year-over-year decline in air cargo volumes, though they remain above pre-pandemic levels. There's optimism for improvement in air cargo as COVID lockdown measures eased in Asia, particularly in China. Business jet utilization still remains well above pre-pandemic levels. Commentary from business jet OEMs and operators reflects confidence in the demand outlook. It's possible that the pandemic brought a positive structural change to biz jet demand, but that will take some time to prove out. Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, was about flat in Q3 when compared with the prior year period. As we've said many times, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. Similar to the first half of 2022, our teams continue to experience delays in fulfilling orders due to supply chain shortages. The supply chain issues mainly surround the lack of availability of electronic components. Our operating units continue to implement mitigating actions to overcome these challenging issues. Also impacting our defense market revenue are the delays in the U.S. government defense spend outlays. There's often a lag between U.S. government defense spend authorizations and outlays and the lag is hard to predict, but these delays are longer than typical. As Kevin mentioned earlier and for the reasons I just discussed, we're revising down the expectation for our defense market revenue growth to about flat for fiscal 2022. We were previously expecting low single-digit percent range growth. I'd like to wrap up by expressing how extremely pleased I am with our strong operational performance this quarter. Our teams have continued to put forth significant efforts in overcoming the negative impacts of the pandemic and supply chain disruptions. We remain focused on our value drivers and executing with operational excellence. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Michael Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on some additional financial matters for the quarter and also our expectations for the full fiscal year. First, in regard to profitability for our third quarter. EBITDA as defined of about $696 million for Q3 was up 25% versus prior year Q3. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was 49.8%. This represents year-over-year improvement of about 390 basis points. Sequentially, EBITDA as defined margin, increased by 210 basis points. Next, a few quick comments on select financial metrics for the quarter and also year. Organic growth was 17% for the quarter, driven by the growth in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On taxes, we still expect our GAAP and cash rates to be in the 21% to 23% range and our adjusted tax rate to be in the 24% to 26% range for the year. Moving to cash and liquidity. We had another quarter of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as EBITDA as defined less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes, was roughly $400 million. For the full fiscal year, we now expect to generate free cash flow in excess of the $1 billion target previously provided. During the quarter, we used $245 million of cash to repurchase shares at a weighted average purchase price of about $554 per share and ended the quarter with $3.8 billion of cash on hand. We view these share repurchases just like any other capital investment, such as the acquisition of a new business, and expect a similar rate of return. With regard to the dividend, the $18.15 per share payment announced this morning represents a gross payout amount of about $1.070 billion. The record date for the dividend is August 19, and the payout date is expected to be August 26. Additionally, in the 10-Q that is filed later today, you'll see that our strong sales growth resulted in net working capital being a $119 million use of cash this quarter. As mentioned previously, we have the cash to fund this investment and are glad to see our primary commercial end markets rebounding and therefore driving this need. As we continue to recover from COVID's impact on air travel and rebound to 2019 global activity levels, we'd expect an additional $100 million to $175 million of cash to go back into net working capital. The time line over which this will happen remains uncertain but should generally track the recovery. Moving on to leverage levels. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is currently at 6.3x. Pro forma for the dividend, our leverage level will be just over 6.7x net debt-to-EBITDA. We expect to continue running free cash flow-positive during our fourth quarter, and this ratio will therefore come down from the 6.7x level by the end of the fiscal year, barring any additional capital market transactions or shareholder distributions. We are watching the rising interest rate environment closely, and we remain 85% hedged on our total $20 billion gross debt balance through a combination of interest rate caps and swaps through calendar year 2025. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates for the time being. Finally, as Kevin mentioned, we are pleased to have allocated $2.4 billion of capital thus far this year across the range of options available to us: acquisitions, buybacks and dividends. Consistent with our past practices, we'll continue to evaluate this full range of options with regard to all of our future capital deployment actions. The priorities are unchanged: first, reinvesting in our own businesses; second, acquisitions; third, returning capital to shareholders via dividends or share repurchases; and finally, paying down debt, which seems unlikely at this time but remains an option. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we believe we remain in a strong and good position going forward. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Kevin, it looks like the air transport aftermarket is now back to around 10% of pre-pandemic levels? Is that about right? And when do you -- when would you expect us to -- your business to get back to pre-pandemic levels at this point?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think you're -- that's directionally accurate. I don't really have a prediction. It depends on flight activity. We continue to follow that closely and think that takeoffs and landings are the best indicator for aftermarket activity.
David Strauss: Okay. And from a headcount perspective, can you maybe baseline us where you are to, I guess, adjusting for acquisitions and divestitures. What your headcount looks like today relative to pre-pandemic levels as much as you can on an apples-to-apples basis?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I'll take that one. I don't have the exact numbers to pre-pandemic levels accounting for the acquisitions. I'd say we've held on to the bulk of the restructuring that we did as a result of the COVID crisis, and the teams have done a nice job managing the resources.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Herbert: Kevin, maybe on the commercial transport, aftermarket up over -- were up 56% in the quarter. Can you provide any detail or any further segmentation on that by sort of what you're seeing in the market? And was there any maybe onetime items in terms of shipments to distributors or inventory corrections or anything else in the quarter?
Kevin Stein: I'll let Jorge handle that. I don't think there were any onetime items though.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. Working backwards, I concur with Kevin. There were no unique onetime items this last quarter that drove any of the performance. As I mentioned, we're seeing strong performance in our passenger submarket, but I would say all of our aftermarket submarkets are seeing pretty good strength. So we're seeing continued recovery. It's, as I mentioned, the domestic markets in the U.S. and Europe. And then the international has been a little bit slower, but we are seeing some recoveries there.
Kenneth Herbert: Okay. Helpful. And if I could on that, I know, obviously, pricing has been a tailwind. With some of the commentary from airlines about maybe some slower capacity growth into next year just on sort of broader concerns, are you seeing any of that slowdown to any incremental pressure on pricing or your ability to get price in the aftermarket?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think our pricing philosophy remains unchanged. We look to get some level of real price increase above inflation. And the teams are doing a good job trying to pass on some of the inflationary costs that we're seeing.
Operator: And our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: I wondered if you could spend a little more time just diving into the margin performance in the quarter. It stands out. Is there anything unusual in there? Can we use that as a starting point sequentially going forward? Or is that aggressive? I know you've mixed up, but I don't know if that changes soon. And then obviously, the price/cost dynamic has been favorable but also probably doesn't change. So any thoughts on how you progress moving forward from here?
Kevin Stein: I think we're going to -- we're benefiting tremendously from the mix right now. We have an aftermarket that is expanding. And right now, OEM is well behind where we would expect it to be or where it was. So there's going to be a mix blend that has to come back. So we'll have to see how the OEMs come up the curve in terms of their build rates. Right now, as Jorge alluded to, we're still seeing limitations in OEM build rate request for product, even though the order book is building.
Noah Poponak: Do you have margin seasonality through the year organically if we strip out acquisitions?
Michael Lisman: I'm not sure exactly what you mean by margin seasonality, Noah, but I think you know from the past, there's a quarterly step-up as you go from Q1 through Q4.
Kevin Stein: Q1 as always...
Michael Lisman: You're seeing that going forward.
Kevin Stein: Yes. Q1 is always a poor quarter, generally speaking, for us. End of year, OEMs focused on inventory and the like. It's always one of our weakest quarters is Q1.
Michael Lisman: But there were no -- to go back to one of your original questions, Noah, there were no unusual accounting items or anything else during the quarter. And with regard to where we go from here, I think we'll give the FY '23 guidance on the November call. And -- but at this point, we don't want to comment on where we could go from here from a margin standpoint until we do that.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And Kevin, could you just spend another minute on the acquisition pipeline and what's maybe holding things back from closing right now? What's unusual? When can it change? Just any other color you could give there?
Kevin Stein: Yes. This is the biggest question. As we pay a dividend, sometimes people will then reflect that the pipeline may not be full. We believe we have enough cash and access to cash as we look forward that we can handle the acquisition pipeline that we see coming at us. I always comment on this that it's difficult to predict when things will close. I know the team is very busy. We're looking at a lot of businesses. The unfortunate piece is sometimes in our very disciplined acquisition approach, things fall out. And we're not interested in taking flyers on not great companies. So we take our time. We're very disciplined and structured in our approach.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Melius Research.
Robert Spingarn: Kevin, in the past, you've talked about commercial OE being a bit more labor-intensive than the aftermarket. And I believe you've been investing in automation. With that activity, if OE build rates get back to pre-COVID levels, could you accommodate that with less labor than you needed pre-COVID? And would OE margins be higher as a result?
Kevin Stein: I think we always focus on productivity in this business. We have historically focused on it. It's reasonable to expect that with years of productivity under our belt since the OEMs were shipping at high volume that we'd be able to do some things better than we could before. But this is always part of our ongoing productivity ramp as we try to overcome the, as you realize, dramatic inflationary pressures that we're seeing really across the board. Whether it's labor or materials, there's a lot of inflation pressure on the business. We have a model that allows us and helps us pass along those inflationary pressures, but productivity is something that we're always laser-focused on. And I believe we will be in a slightly better position, but it is hard to quantify that, and you have to offset that against the inflationary pressures that we're seeing.
Robert Spingarn: And just on that, while you're clearly pricing above inflation, what are you seeing in terms of wage inflation?
Kevin Stein: Well, it's different by region. You can't really pick on any. I think, Jorge, what are you seeing in California and some of the regions for direct labor?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I mean we've seen it more towards the entry-level labor pool, where we've seen regional increases. So we've seen anywhere probably between 5% and 7%. But that might be a little bit of a lagging indicator, right? The inflationary pressures continue in the current job market, a little bit on the technical side as well, probably higher than the entry-level labor side. But again, the teams -- as Kevin mentioned, productivity is near and dear to our hearts. So they continue to find opportunities to do their best to offset those increases.
Robert Spingarn: And Jorge, are you getting the people you need or are you behind?
Jorge Valladares: No. So far, the teams have been able to support the resource needs. There's some timing hiring takes a little bit longer. But we're not seeing any significant or material impacts due to labor issues.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Kevin, on the M&A topic again, what's your latest sort of feeling on what the prices are out there? Because we've clearly seen some pretty high multiples being paid, particularly on the aerospace side recently. I was wondering if you can still make things work under your calculations?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We can still make things work. I think some of the prices have come under pressure recently as there's been some corrections. But I think we can still make it work in our LBO model that we run through. Our goal is -- we're not focused on certain products. As long as it sits in the aerospace world, is proprietary and has aftermarket, we will find a way to drive the returns we look for, and those are the types of businesses we continue to stay very disciplined in our approach to find.
Robert Stallard: Right. And then on the supply chain issue, particularly in defense, are you seeing any sign of this getting any better? Or in the sort of medium term, you expect the same -- remain pretty much the same?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think the -- I'll take that one. I think the situation is somewhat stable, but still challenged. So that's probably going to continue for the foreseeable future, primarily on those electronic components, the issues with semiconductors, et cetera. But the teams are doing good jobs trying to mitigate those issues.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: I just wanted to ask on -- just following up on Rob's question. Is this a -- the guidance reduction there, was that -- is that a function of bookings or is it supply chain? Or is it both? And if so, could you parse out how much it was to each? And then just...
Kevin Stein: There's a little bit of impact. Let me -- before you move on, there's a little bit of impact to both. In our minds, the -- we're not a bellwether of the defense industry. We follow what everyone else sees. And we're seeing a larger slowdown in defense outlays and a slowdown in the defense industry. That's -- we just react to what we see. It's not necessarily a bookings problem. It's when are things due and when do they want product.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And is there any chance you can quantify how much the supply chain has dragged your ability to deliver and if there's any line of sight to improvement there?
Kevin Stein: I don't think it's a major driver because we find ways to work around it. But -- so I'm not necessarily seeing it as a drag on our business. I see it as a drag on the defense industry as a whole, and that's slowing down. So it's hard for me to put a quantum on that.
Gautam Khanna: Fair enough. And last question, just by region in the aftermarket, any discernible differences from where you sit? I don't know, China is getting better. Was it particularly soft in the quarter? Anything you could speak regionally on aftermarket?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think as you know, we don't track the aftermarket specific by region. I think, generally, we're seeing what some of the larger macro-level trends with the U.S. and Europe, domestic travel being stronger and international travel showing a little bit of recovery. Obviously, Asia seems to be the laggard right now in terms of international travel. But we don't track specific regional activity.
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Kevin, you -- there was some commentary around biz jets being back to kind of their post -- well above pre-pandemic levels and the structural shift. Maybe you could just talk about, are you -- what are you seeing there in the ability to take rates up even further on biz jet side?
Kevin Stein: I think there's room for them to take rates up as their order book seems to support it. This is a special time for the business jet world market. It is very busy. So we're seeing it both on OEM and aftermarket that this is a much busier time for business jet market. Jorge, anything else to add on that?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think -- and the only thing I'd add is we're seeing some good performance on the larger cabins. There's obviously increased demand for the larger cabin aircraft.
Peter Arment: Okay. And then just related to aftermarket. I know you don't break it out versus -- narrow-body versus wide-body. But as wide-body starts to reengage, is it still, still a smaller portion just compared to how levered you are in narrow-body? How should we think about the wide-body recovery there?
Jorge Valladares: I think, generally, we're market-weighted based on the fleet between narrow-body and wide-body. You might have some noise on any particular operating unit. But generally, we seem to be market-weighted between the 2.
Kevin Stein: And we -- yes, we don't care if it's narrow-body or wide-body. We are profitable with both segments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: I think I asked you this probably about a year ago or so. But I was wondering how you're thinking about M&A in the current anti-shop landscape. And now we see reports that the FTC is poking around the deal that Northrop closed 4 years ago. The Department of Justice is trying to prevent Booz Allen from doing a relatively small $400 million deal. So as a company that's kind of traditionally been focused on M&A, how do you think about what may be changing in the landscape?
Kevin Stein: Well, we're still active in M&A. It's certainly something that we're cognizant of. And I tend not to speculate on things that haven't impacted us or provide that kind of color. It is something that we're cognizant of. We're watching it closely. And that's probably all I can say on it. It hasn't derailed our activity.
Seth Seifman: Got it. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up also on capital deployment. I think you mentioned that the DART deal limited the potential for share repurchases this quarter. I guess, can you give us an update with this dividend? First of all, were you limited on the size of the dividend that you could pay out? And second of all, with this move to 6.7 pro forma, probably something more like 6.3 by the end of the fiscal year, what are the options for capital deployment? Is it pretty much M&A at this point? Or in the first half of '23, if you wanted to buy stock or pay another dividend, is that an option?
Michael Lisman: Well, the priorities are unchanged, as we mentioned in the comments, just in terms of what we'd like to spend our capital on with acquisitions coming ahead of dividends and share repurchases. So that's the same as it has always been. On the dividend, we do have a restricted payments basket cap in our credit agreement that I think you guys are familiar with. So that did play into our thinking on the size there. But we should nicely continue to tick down here over the course of the fourth quarter, and we'll end the year down closer to where we ended this quarter. So we'll have more than enough buyer power to go do M&A deals, and if things don't materialize there, pay dividends or repurchase shares, we continuously evaluate all those options every month, every quarter just to decide what the best use of capital is for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Kevin, Jorge, with the tightness in the supply chain, breadth of the TransDigm portfolio, are there opportunities for you to step in some struggling suppliers and gain additional market share?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I mean, I think our teams are always looking for good new business opportunities and opportunities to improve their portfolio and products. I think the teams are very engaged with our airline customers as well as the OEs. They've done a nice job navigating the current supply chain issues. And hopefully, we'll get some opportunities. But I think that's part of our standard focus on new business and profitable new business.
Kristine Liwag: I see. And maybe following up on Noah's question earlier on margins. I mean margins continue to trend up, and you're pretty much just shy [indiscernible] in the quarter. With mix getting better or as OEM volumes shift to the right and aftermarket still got a ways to go to get to pre-COVID levels, I mean, do you need to see margin step up and stay at 50% and above sustainably?
Michael Lisman: Well, I think...
Kevin Stein: Yes. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael Lisman: I think it's hard to say where margins go from here just given the uncertainty in the market and the way the mix plays out going forward on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So we're hesitant to give any guidance on where we go going forward in this environment. And I think we'll give just some more in terms of expectations there for our next fiscal year on the November call when we give the formal guidance.
Kevin Stein: Yes. Guidance comes on when we review next call, as Mike said. But let's keep in mind that there is a favorable mix environment that we're experiencing right now. And until OEM shipments come back, you'll see some balancing higher margins that will come back the other way when OEMs ship more. We just have to know that that's going to happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Skibitski with Alembic Global.
Peter Skibitski: Just one left for me on the defense side. Kevin, I'm wondering if all of this surge in European defense spending does come to pass, maybe in the next couple of years. Is that something you guys expect to kind of directly benefit from? Or on the defense side, are you a bit more -- or generally speaking, are you much more domestically exposed versus internationally?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We're nicely exposed to international defense as well. I think, yes, some of this business you might expect would come our way at some point, but it's difficult to predict or understand. I think we all have to recognize that some of this production will happen locally in -- or within the European Union possibly. We do have production there, so we will be part of it. But we should all keep that in mind that some of this may be domestic consumption as well as international orders. But we would expect that this is a favorable environment for TransDigm as we look forward. The degree of favorability, well, we'll have to see. I think there's also concern whether some of this additional spending maybe loses steam if social issues overcome the military desires right now. Again, we'll have to see how this all unpacks in the future.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities.
Michael Ciarmoli: Just to stay on defense, are you guys seeing any noticeable difference between aftermarket or OEM? And then I'm assuming you're probably -- it's probably your Data Device Corp. that's probably seeing the outsized impact of kind of the semiconductor shortages. But any color there?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think the defense aftermarket is hanging in there a little bit better than the defense OEMs. And some of that could just be timing of the outlays, as we noted. In terms of the electronic components, I think it's fair to look across the portfolio and those businesses that are more electronics-based naturally are seeing more of that impact.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. I know you're not going to talk to '23 yet, but assuming we get some level of supply chain improvement, I mean you're going to start the year with some pretty easy defense comps. Do you think supply chain kind of is a headwind in first half of '23? Or do you think we can get some nice growth there just based off the comps and maybe some alleviation of the tightness we're seeing?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I don't think we're in a position to comment on the FY '23 guidance or any specific comparisons, as Mike and Kevin have mentioned. I think the supply chain continues to be strained. We don't see this going away anytime soon or overnight.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nicholas Zhang with Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Zhang: Can you hear me all right?
Kevin Stein: Yes.
Jorge Valladares: Yes.
Nicholas Zhang: So you're seeing strong recovery in commercial aftermarket, you're seeing some supply chain issues in defense, and you're also seeing like order book build up. So what does expansion of existing operations look like? And will there be more CapEx going forward?
Kevin Stein: I'll comment on CapEx. I think there's always opportunity for internal investment in our businesses, and we're constantly looking for those. We are looking at some select -- additional investment in some of our businesses. But again, these things all pay back. We have the same payback standards as before. So maybe there'll be some selectively, but I don't see any major trend of additional spending.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think, in general, the operating units come to us with different ideas, and they've been very focused in automation over the last 2 to 3 years. But we don't expect any significant shift in the overall CapEx that we've traditionally run at. In terms of capacity, we're looking to leverage some of the restructuring activities that we did over the past couple of years and the process improvements to support additional demand. But that's something that each team looks at individually and something that we're constantly talking about in this environment.
Kevin Stein: I think one area that we are doing some selective investment is solar at some of our facilities help with our greenhouse gas footprint. So we are looking for investments of that nature as well. And that's something that we are spending a little more money on as those opportunities now have a reasonable payback across our businesses.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back to Jaimie Stemen for closing remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes today's call. We appreciate your time, and have a good rest of your day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-05-10 21:22:16) =====
Operator: Hello, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Second Quarter 2022 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you. And welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2022 second quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Chief Operating Officer, Jorge Valladares; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that the statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning from Cleveland, and thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter, and discussion of our fiscal 2022 outlook. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad, as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this: About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturn. We follow a consistent long-term strategy, specifically. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We utilize a simple well-proven value based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organizational structure and unique compensation system, closely aligned with shareholders. We acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE like returns. Our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our longstanding goal is to give our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation, as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had another good quarter, considering the market environment. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and are encouraged by the trends in air traffic among other factors. Our Q2 results show positive growth in comparison to the same period in 2021, as we are lapping the second fiscal quarter of 2021, which was heavily impacted by the pandemic and then relative availability of vaccines. Although our results have improved, they continue to be unfavorably affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels as the demand for air travel remains depressed. However, the continued steady improvement in global air traffic is encouraging. There was a slight pullback in flight traffic in January as a result of the Omicron variant after strong December holiday travel, but traffic has continued to progress forward since then. It further illustrates the pent-up demand for air travel and bodes well for the continued momentum of the commercial aerospace recovery throughout 2022. To date, the recovery has remained primarily driven by domestic leisure travel, though international travel is slowly moving as many governments across the world have softened or fully lifted travel restrictions. China continues to be a watch point as both international and domestic traffic in China is near COVID low's due to strict zero COVID policies limiting travel. In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in our total commercial aftermarket revenues and bookings with both up approximately 10% over Q1 of fiscal 2022. I am very pleased that despite this challenging commercial environment, our EBITDA as defined margin was 47.7% in the quarter. Contributing to this strong margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues, as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy. This was achieved despite the Omicron variant impacting travel in the beginning of Q2 and the sharp drop off in China air traffic during the quarter. Additionally, we continue to generate cash in Q2. We had operating cash flow generation of almost 90 million and closed the quarter with a little over 4.2 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2022. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. I am happy to report that during Q2, we opportunistically deployed 667 million of capital via open market repurchase of our common stock. This equates to approximately 1 million of our shares at an average price of $637 per share. We view these repurchases like any other capital investment and expect this will meet or exceed our long-term return objectives. Mike will address this more later. Also during the quarter, we agreed to acquire DART Aerospace for approximately 360 million in cash. DART is a leading provider of highly engineered unique helicopter solutions that mainly service civilian aircraft. DART is expected to generate approximately 100 in pro forma revenue for the calendar year ending December 31, 2022 and it fits well with our proprietary and aftermarket focused value generation strategy. The acquisition is currently expected to close during the second half of our fiscal 2022. Pro forma for the closing of the DART acquisition, we still expect to have a sizable cash balance of close to $4 billion. This assumes announced share repurchase and dark closing, which together allocates approximately 1 billion of capital for value generating investments. We continue to evaluate our capital allocation options regarding additional acquisitions, share buy backs and dividends. All three options remain on the table. Each individually, but then also potentially in some combination over the next nine months or so. Any significant M&A share buy back and/or dividend activity will still leave the company with substantial liquidity and the financial flexibility to deal with any currently anticipated capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially so in these times. Regarding the current M&A pipeline line, we are actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. Acquisition opportunity activity continues to accelerate and is approaching pre-COVID levels. We have a decent pipeline of possibilities as usual mostly in the small and midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. Now, moving to our outlook for 2022. We are still not in a position to provide full financial guidance as a result of the continued disruption in our primary commercial end markets. We continue to be encouraged by the recovery we have seen in our commercial OEM and aftermarket revenues and the strong bookings received for both thus far in fiscal 2022. At this time, we expect to reinitiate guidance on the November 2022 earnings call for our new fiscal year, assuming prevailing conditions continue to evolve favorably. We continue to expect COVID-19 to have an adverse impact on our financial results, compared to pre-pandemic levels throughout the remainder of fiscal 2022 under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel, although recent positive trends in commercial air traffic could impact us favorably. With regard to internal planning, our teams are now resource planning for commercial aftermarket revenue to grow ahead of the 20% to 30% sizing range previously provided. We expect our commercial OEM revenue to grow significantly as well, but at a rate less than the commercial aftermarket rate of growth. As you know, we aim to be conservative. As for the defense market, we still expect defense revenue growth in the low single digit percent range for fiscal 2022 versus prior year, despite the slow first half of the year. Jorge will provide more color on our defense end market. As you know, this end market can often be quite lumpy on a quarterly basis. We now expect full-year fiscal 2022 EBITDA margin to be approaching 48% due to the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. We anticipate EBITDA margins will continue to move up throughout the second half of our fiscal year. As a note, this margin guidance includes the unfavorable headwind of our Cobham acquisition of about one half of a percent this year. We believe we are well-positioned for the second half of fiscal 2022, as usual, we'll closely watch the aerospace and capital markets and see how they develop and react accordingly. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2022 financial assumptions and updates. Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the company's performance in this period of gradual recovery for the commercial aerospace industry and with our commitment to driving value for our stakeholders. We remain focused on executing our operating strategy in managing our cost structure as we continue on this path to a full recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. We look forward to the remainder of fiscal 2022 and the opportunity to continue to create value for our stakeholders through our consistent strategy. Now, let me hand it over to Jorge to review our recent performance and a few other items. 
Jorge Valladares: Thanks, Kevin. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color/commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2021. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Any acquisitions are included in both periods and the impact of any divestitures is removed in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 28% in Q2, compared with the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were strong, compared to the same prior year period and again significantly out pays sales.  Sequentially, bookings improved almost 10%, compared to Q1 with sales improving almost 15%. While we expect demand for our commercial OEM products to continue to be reduced in the short-term, we are encouraged by build rates gradually progressing at the commercial OEMs. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 46% in Q2 when compared with the prior year period. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by increased demand in our passenger sub market, which is our largest sub market, although all of our commercial aftermarket sub markets were up significantly compared to prior year Q2. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues and bookings both grew by approximately 10%. Commercial aftermarket bookings were up this quarter, compared to the same prior year period and Q2 bookings strongly outpaced sales. To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles remain depressed. There was a modest sequential decline in revenue passenger miles in January due to the Omicron variant and a tough comparison to December holiday travel. However, revenue passenger miles have continued to improve since January. The limited impact on air travel from the Omicron variant along with the Russia Ukraine conflict, which began at the end of February demonstrates the strong underlying demand and willingness of passengers to travel. This provides optimism for the pace of the recovery of air traffic in the remainder of 2022. IATA also recently stated that based on the current recovery momentum, they expect passenger traffic to return to pre-pandemic levels in 2023, which is a year earlier than previously forecast. The recovery in domestic travel continues to be more resilient than international. In the most recently reported IATA traffic data for March, domestic air travel was only down 23%, compared to pre-pandemic, while international travel was down about 5%. The U.S. and Europe continue to show strong demand for domestic travel, although China has been more volatile due to its zero COVID policies, which caused localized lockdowns and rapid drop-offs in air travel. Though the pace of the international air traffic recovery has been slow, it is steadily progressing and we're hopeful for improvement in international travel in the remainder of 2022. Many of the government imposed travel restrictions have softened or lifted entirely, which is encouraging. Global cargo volumes continue to be strong, although air freight demand has tempered a bit recently. This trend could continue as the year progresses, due to unfavorable impacts on air freight from the lockdowns in China and the Russia Ukraine conflict, time will tell. Business jet utilization remains robust. Commentary from Business jet OEMs and operators remains positive and these higher levels of Business jet activity appeared likely to continue in the near-term. Now, let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues decreased by approximately 2% in Q2 when compared with the prior year period. As we've said many times, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. Similar to Q1, our teams continue to be challenged with supply chain induced delays in fulfilling orders. The supply chain issues primarily around the lack of availability of electronic components. Our operating units are actively pursuing mitigating actions to overcome these issues. Our defense order book remains strong and bookings this quarter improved 30% sequentially versus Q1. We expect our defense business to expand throughout the remainder of the year. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we continue to expect low-single-digit percent range growth in fiscal 2022 for our defense market revenues. I'd like to finish by recognizing the strong efforts of our teams and continuing to overcome the negative impacts of the pandemic and supply chain disruptions. We remain focused on our value drivers and meeting the increased demand for our products. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on some additional financial matters for the quarter and also our expectations for the full fiscal year. First, in regard to profitability for our second quarter, EBITDA As Defined of about 633 million for Q2 was up 22% versus prior Q2.  EBITDA As Defined margin in the quarter was approximately 47.7%. This represents year-over-year improvement in our EBITDA As Defined margin of about 420 basis points versus Q2 of last year. Sequentially, the margin increased by 40 basis points versus last quarter and we expect this improvement to continue for the balance of the fiscal year. Next, a few additional comments on select financial metrics for the quarter and again also the full-year. Organic growth was 15% for the quarter, driven by the rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On taxes, we're revising our expected adjusted tax rate for this fiscal year downward slightly to a range of 24% to 26%. Our GAAP and cash tax rates guidance is unchanged and still expected to be in the 21% to 23% range. Moving over to cash and liquidity, we had another quarter of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as EBITDA As Defined less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $222 million. As noted in the press release, this amount was slightly lower this quarter, but this is just timing. Specifically, due to the quarter-end date of April 2, we picked up an extra cash interest payment that was made on April 1. In addition, we had higher cash tax payments in the quarter. As we mentioned before, cash tax payments, and cash interest payments can be lumpy across the quarters. For the full fiscal year, our free cash flow guidance is unchanged from the November earnings call. That is, we still anticipate free cash flow to be in the 1 billion area for the fiscal year, maybe a little better. As Kevin mentioned, we used $667 million of cash to repurchase shares during the quarter at a weighted average purchase price of about 637 per share and ended the quarter with 4.2 billion of cash. In total, we repurchased about 1.05 million shares and did it through an open market repurchase program. We view and model these share repurchases just like any other capital investment such as the acquisition of a new business, and expect the similar rate of return. Additionally, in the 10-Q that is filed later today, you'll see that our strong sales rebound resulted in networking capital being a 130 million use of cash this quarter. This resulted in less cash being booked to our balance sheet than in prior quarters. As mentioned previously, we have the cash to fund this investment and we're glad to see our primary commercial end markets rebounding and therefore driving this need. As we continue to recover from COVIDs impact on our travel, and recover to 2019 global activity levels, we'd expect an additional 200 million to 275 million of cash to go back into networking capital. The timeline over which this will happen remains uncertain, but should generally track the recovery. Moving on to leverage levels. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio is currently at 6.6x, down from 8.2x at its peak at the end of our fiscal 2021 second quarter. We expect to continue running free cash flow positive for the balance of our 2022 fiscal year barring any additional capital markets activities such as dividends or share repurchase, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio will keep ticking down as the year progresses. We are watching the rising interest rate environment closely. We remain 85% hedged on our 20 billion gross debt balance through a combination of interest rate caps and swaps that go out through calendar year 2025. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates. We have included a supporting sensitivity table in today's slide deck that shows you what our annual cash interest expense will be at a range of three month LIBOR values. In summary, from an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the still depressed, but now rebounding commercial aerospace environment for quite some time. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. You may proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Yes, thanks so much and good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Kevin, I just wanted to follow-up on your comments on China and what sort of percentage revenue exposure you're having there or have there already at the moment? And also if there is any sort a short-term impact you've already experienced in terms of bookings from this impact of the COVID locked?
Kevin Stein: So, China and bookings commentary, China, well China is in our numbers now. Obviously, we've seen depressed flight activity in China. Although Asia is starting to show some green shoots, of activity in the rest of Asia. So, remain encouraged there. This should be some, sort of upside for us, hard to gauge how much as the future unfolds as China starts flying domestically and internationally. On bookings, I think we remain encouraged on  aftermarket bookings continue to increase and so do OEMs, so does the defense, defense had very strong bookings as you heard Jorge comment on. It's why we remain confident and optimistic on the year for defense spending.
Robert Stallard: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Your aerospace aftermarket growth has now exceeded the industry average for a few quarters in a row coming off the bottom and that was after declining very in-line with the industry average on the way down. Can you also, I guess compared to flight activity that's true as well. So, can you spend a little bit more time on why your aerospace aftermarket business is growing faster than the end market right now and how sustainable that is?
Kevin Stein: I think that orders and shipments can be lumpy. The supply chain is not efficient. I don't have any exact commentary on why we might be outperforming today. I know at times we can appear to outperform and at times underperform, it's just the inefficiencies of the market. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. Fair enough. And Kevin, could you spend a little bit more time on how you're thinking about capital deployment at the minute? I mean, I know you touched on in prepared remarks, but with the share repurchase, how do you think about the size of that that's appropriate and how do you balance the decision of that versus the special dividends that you've done in the past?
Kevin Stein: Well, we've historically done share repurchases. It has happened in the past sizable repurchases. We're looking at this, as I said in my comments, opportunistically, as a way to get capital back out to the shareholders. We're not thinking about it any differently. We're evaluating all options on the table. There are M&A opportunities and when we determine that the time is right, we will move forward with other capital deployment in terms of M&A deals or share repurchase dividends. There's no magic formula to decide which will do, it's kind of as we decide as we go, but everything's on the table right now.
Noah Poponak: Are there prospects for sizing that up given you've brought the leverage down and in the scenario where there is not deal activity, say through the end of the year, would you look at even larger repurchases?
Kevin Stein: Well, we have pre-authorization from the Board to go to. I believe 2.2 billion in share repurchases. We've used 667 million of that, I think it depends on the opportunities that come along. Again, we model this just like an acquisition and we see similar returns. We're evaluating all options. I can't comment much more than that. We want to ensure we have enough dry powder to do any deals that we see coming along of any sizable extent.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Melius. You may proceed with your question.
Robert Spingarn: Hey, good morning. Kevin, what's the latest on the labor side, both recruiting and attrition, and to what extent is this a constraint?
Kevin Stein: Yes, I'll take that, Rob. From our perspective, we're seeing some pressures at the lower levels of direct labor in general. As most of you know, most of the labor requirements really are driven by the commercial OEM, so we think we're properly resource to support the improvement in the commercial aftermarket. I wouldn't say that we've seen any significant uptick in turnover on the engineering staff, it's a little bit more of a competitive marketplace. But as always, we're going to be cautious in adding back resources as it's still a little bit of a dynamic situation.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just Kevin, at a high level on defense, has your long-term outlook for defense sales growth and the low single digits changed given the latest defense budgets and obviously, the evolving National Security Environment in Europe and elsewhere?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think we're optimistic about defense budgets in the future. It obviously takes a while for that to trickle down to us as a component supplier, but we do see a favorable environment shaping up for us in the future on defense.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS. You may proceed.
Myles Walton: Hey, good morning. I was wondering, Kevin, you said that your commercial aftermarket would track ahead of the targeted 20% or 30% range, it looks like if you just maintained flat for the rest of the year, you're closer to 40%, do you want to put a new bogey out there or is it just greater than what you previously said?
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think I said to that we want to say on that, we're not giving guidance. I did say in my prepared remarks that we would  we see outperforming that 20% to 30% resource planning target. We are not  the market isn't so stable right now that we're going to go out on a   and communicate higher where we tend to be conservative in our guidance and there is still book and shift that has to happen. So, we're sticking with, you know we're going to outperform the 20% to 30% that we initially gave at the year, but not put a finer point on it right now.
Myles Walton: Okay. Any reason to think sequentially you can't grow? And then the other question is just on pricing, what's the base level inflation you're currently passing through? Im not asking about your net price, just sort of your base level inflation benchmark? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Well, pricing we don't comment on specifics. Our goal is that we need to overcome inflation. Inflation as you've seen from CPI values is running very high historically over many decades. It is a focus and what part of our job is to evaluate and to pass along the inflationary pressures that we see. So far, we have been successful in doing that.
Myles Walton: Okay. Alright. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. You may proceed. 
Gautam Khanna: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering on the defense side, you saw the big pickup in bookings was it sort of broad based, was it isolated to a couple of product areas. I know you've talked about it as being lumpy in the past, but how representative of ongoing demand do you think the quarters bookings were?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We think it was in general broad based in nature. There wasn't one or two specific programs driving that. In general, we saw the pickup with the passage of the DoD budget throughout the quarter. So, we expect that there may be a little bit of catch up that the DoD and DLA are playing there with that delay.
Gautam Khanna: Interesting. And then, do you then expect that because some of these funds have to be put on contract by the fiscal year end of the government will see sustained bookings in the next, are you still seeing that if you will that trend has continued into the third fiscal quarter and would you expect it to?
Kevin Stein: In general, these can be lumpy. So, we're not in a position to comment on whether we're seeing any increases right now and what we hope we're being cautious here, but time will tell. 
Jorge Valladares: I think we're seeing an uptick in aftermarket defense out 
Kevin Stein:  weighted towards the market. That's fair.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Ill leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. You may proceed.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning. Kevin, just to level set, theres is been some acquisitions, some divestitures, is your commercial transport aftermarket still down about 15%, 20% from kind of pre-pandemic levels? Is that the right level?
Kevin Stein: We aren't splitting out the pieces. All of the key market segments have gone up and are doing better. We're not splitting out the segments. That activity though has, I think increased the most in any of the sub markets so far.
David Strauss: Okay. And what about, you talked about passenger being the strongest, what are you seeing on the interior side?
Kevin Stein: Interiors has also improved quite surprisingly. The only, I think as Jorge touched on, the only sector that is still growing, but starting to slow its growth a little bit was the freight as we've already heard there would be some slowdowns, but interiors, all of the sub markets are up until the right. It's the first time I think we've seen something that pronounced across all of the sub markets.
David Strauss: Okay. And Mike, the lost amortization, how does that play out over the next year? Does it kind of hold at these levels or does that start to start to bleed off?
Mike Lisman: Sorry, the lost contract amortization from the  acquisition? It starts to bleed down. I think you probably remember when we came out with it. We expect something in the area of $30 million to $40 million a year or so and it trails off. So, as we get further out, you're right, that amount will continue coming down. And then it ends about five years post deal, completely.
David Strauss: Okay. Great.
Kevin Stein: Well, you'll see that continue to trend down a bit.
David Strauss: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Ken Herbert: Hey, Kevin, good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the aftermarket bookings comment. Is it fair to assume from your comments that you probably saw some of the softness in cargo related bookings in the quarter relative to transport or Business jets and helicopters or can you parse-out the bookings for the aftermarket in the quarter any further?
Jorge Valladares: Hey, Ken. This is Jorge. I'll take this one. Yes, in general, as we've noted, we saw decent recovery across all the sub markets. There wasn't any specific concentration in any particular market and were cautiously optimistic that that will continue. As you know, we don't get any visibility to the inventory levels at the airlines.
Ken Herbert: And how are you viewing inventory levels maybe across the industry either with your own operations at distributors? And then of course, it's sounds like your  , you don't how much visibility, but how do you view inventory levels of the distribution and your own shop floors?
Jorge Valladares: Yes, we have limited views on inventory at distribution. I think, in general, we believe that the destocking cycle is kind of running out of gas and everyone is hopeful with the commentary from the airlines on a busy summer travel season and trying to prepare accordingly.
Ken Herbert: Great. Thanks, Jorge.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Akers of Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Matt Akers: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. Could you talk about the defense so the full year guidance implies, kind of a big acceleration in the back half on year-over-year basis, can you talk about what that looks like sequentially like Q2 versus second half? Just wondering if there's like a year-over-year comparison that makes that look bigger than it kind of really is?
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think we don't want to get into given quarterly guidance on defense revenue outlooks, but generally as Jorge mentioned, there were such strengths in the booking and as we look out over the next two quarters that we feel pretty confident that we're going to be able to hold a low single digit range for the year. So, Q3 and Q4 will be quite a big ramp up to your point, but in terms of forecasting how big each quarter? I don't think we want to get on the quarterly the expectations
Mike Lisman: But with defense bookings up 30%, clearly that's why we're still sticking with what we communicated at the beginning of the year. As Jorge alluded to, the budget just being signed, things are opening up a bit, we'll see.
Matt Akers: Got it. Thanks. And then I guess the supply chain disruptions there within  you kind of touched on this earlier, but are those  are there signs that those are easing and does that need to, kind of get fixed to hit that guidance or is there upside there if those get better? 
Kevin Stein: Yes. I mean as I noted, primarily what we're seeing are difficulties on the electronic components. We would anticipate there's probably still some headwinds, excuse me and challenges in the second half, but we do expect with six months to go that well be able to clear fair amount of those. The teams are working the details daily and communicating with the customer base. So, we think we can get there by the end of the year.
Matt Akers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. You may proceed. 
Seth Seifman: Hey. Thanks very much and good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: Kevin, when you think  how should we think about the role of being opportunistic in terms of the amount of share repurchase you're going to do from here to gather that, call it that outlook for the company probably hasn't changed very much from what it was in the March quarter. And the stock market is just doing all kinds of weird stuff right now. So, I'd imagine that return proposition in your guys probably looks better today. So, should we expect you to continue to be very opportunistic in that regard or is there just a lot more to think about in terms of balancing that with other potential uses of the cash?
Jorge Valladares: I think we  I'll let Mike chip in on this as well. We will be opportunistic. We will keep all the options on the table. As we said, clearly the return would be better at this share price. We remain very bullish on the business. So, as we see the market recovery. Mike, do you want to add anything to that?
Mike Lisman: We're always looking at all options, every week, everything's on the table.
Seth Seifman: Right. Okay, okay, great. And then I guess just as far as M&A opportunities, you guys have made at times acquisitions in Europe and with the increase in defense spending there, does that become a place where you might spend a little bit more time looking for opportunities or not so much?
Kevin Stein: We actively look for opportunities around the world. Certainly in Europe, we're always evaluating opportunities. I don't think we want to be, grow defense exposure. We're a commercial aerospace company and we will continue to look for those opportunities and value them generally higher than defense opportunities, but all options are open on the table including in Europe where we've had excellent luck doing acquisitions.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: When we started looking at air traffic, it seems like it's starting to pick up. International travel starting to open up to, and in this quarter, we saw the engine guys post after-market growth of above 20%, 30%, how are you guys thinking about the opportunity in other parts of the aftermarket where you're not as present? For example, the opportunities in engine PMAs, how are you thinking about those things? Do those become more attractive in environments like today?
Kevin Stein: We are not a big PMA player. We are heavily a engineered product developer. So, I'm not sure we're looking at getting out of our comfort zone or the products that we make to get into other areas of aerospace unless acquisitions lead us there.
Kristine Liwag: I see. That's really helpful context. And maybe if I could do a follow on, I mean, Kevin, in a rising interest rate environment, if we're going to be here for longer, how do you think about the sustainable leverage for the business? Do you have a target in mind?
Kevin Stein: I would just say, and I'll let Mike jump in that even in this rising interest rate environment, it's still historically very low interest rates. So, there's a long way for us to go. It's not changing my mentality around capital allocation or debt? Mike, do you have?
Mike Lisman: No, I think that's right. And we're hedged as you guys know too. So, the near term impact of any rise in rates is somewhat muted just by the impact, the offsetting impact of the hedges. 
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks Kevin. Thanks Mike.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. You may proceed.
Peter Arment: Yes. Good morning everyone. Mike, I want, maybe just a clarification on the working capital comment you made, the 200 million to 275 million kind of going back in the networking capital, you're saying kind of attracts to commercial markets, so we've seen a big recovery for you. How  what's the right way to be thinking about that? Is it spread over multiple quarters or we see that come in stronger in the second half of this year?
Mike Lisman: I think it'll be spread over multiple quarters and it's hard to say, right? It sort of attracts the revenue and where we go with the end markets and things have been so lumpy there that it's hard to pinpoint exactly where working capital is going to go, but there's still 200 some that will have to go back into working capital when you look at the receivables, inventory, and payables balances. That's how we look at it. From peak-to-trough, we were down about 400 million during COVID, so somewhere on the order of like 130 million or so or 150 million or so has gone back in to date, but we've still got 200 to 275 more to go and the pace over which it happens, we'll see, right. It depends on how commercial recovers.
Peter Arment: That's really helpful. And then just related to that, I guess, Kevin, do you see yourself just more strategically carrying a little more inventory just because of the supply chain comments you guys have talked about with the electronic side?
Kevin Stein: We've certainly encouraged our teams not to skimp on inventory in this environment that not having necessary inventory and not being able to complete a sale is not acceptable. So, if we need a little bit extra to help us bridge through this time, we've certainly told our teams to look at those options.
Peter Arment: Appreciate all the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. You may proceed.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning, everyone. Just one for me. Can you guys talk a little more, just about kind of the relative risks and opportunities with regard to your adjusted margins next year or so because it seems like now for this year, you're only, call it a point or so below prior peak? And certainly you've got volumes on your side going forward, maybe you talk about the magnitude of the mix shift necessary to keep margins flat or should we be pretty confident that you're going to break through prior peak?
Kevin Stein: You know, it's hard to say and I think we'll give guidance when we go back to giving guidance as far as next year goes, but generally you guys know the way we like to run the business. We should always see our margins given some stability in the end markets, March upward each year. By exactly how much is just hard to say, given where commercial aftermarket is, and how the mix shift there can impact your margins, but generally obviously should trend upward, but at this point, I don't think we want to say by how much, hard to do.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. No, thanks for the color.
Kevin Stein: Operator? Did we lose our operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities. You may proceed.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey good morning guys. Nice results.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Sorry about that.
Michael Ciarmoli: No worries. Maybe Kevin, just to kind of go back a little bit to Noahs line of questioning and even maybe dovetail kind of Myles questioning on pricing. I mean, do you guys think you're outperforming due to having better pricing practices than your peers and there's been some chatter out there I guess from some of your customers that you guys are considering a mid-year price hike, do you think if that's the case, do you think you're seeing some ordering ahead of that price hike, and I don't know if it's called restocking, but maybe airlines customers just trying to trying to get in under that. If that's, if you can comment?
Jorge Valladares: Yes, Michael, this is Jorge. I'll take that one. In general, we don't provide specifics about our pricing. Our long-standing approach has been to get real prices above inflation. Obviously, we're generally in a higher inflationary environment and the goal is still the goal. So, we're trying to get some real prices increases above that inflationary level. And that's how we approach it.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. Got it. And then any thoughts on, I know it kind of came up, but thoughts on airlines, restocking, I mean, it seems with supply chain tightness, everybody is looking to have some inventory on-hand, so not necessarily over ordering, but do you think there's a little bit of that going on in the marketplace to kind of have that buffer stock available?
Kevin Stein: I think in general terms as supply chain issues arise in any industry, right, and any good buyer would try and get some inventory on the shelf to what extent airlines, distributors are doing that, we just don't have enough visibility there.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from  with Jefferies. You may proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, good morning. Just on  , you were up pretty significantly quarter-over-quarter, but when we look at what the OEs have been saying is pretty  but the Max is expected pretty steady around 31 per month and ongoing headwinds for the 787, is there opportunity for sequential improvement from here or how do we think about that business?
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think in general, as Mike commented earlier, we don't provide any guidance on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Obviously Boeing recently announced their expectations in terms of increasing the 737 Max production rate, I think later this quarter, and they continue to work with the FAA in resolving the outstanding issues on the 787. But across our entire business space, everyone has different lead times and where they may enter and see those future rate increases depends by business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just on the supply chain in the commercial side of the business, is there any area where longer lead times may limit growth?
Jorge Valladares: Right now, we don't see any issues supporting the growth on the commercial side. It's been a little bit more concentrated on our defense businesses, and again towards electronic components, the teams have been pretty active over the prior couple of quarters trying to adapt and adjust their MRPs as they need to plan for additional supply and anything that might happen, but we do not see that limiting our growth prospects at all.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jaimie Stemen for any further remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes today's call. We appreciate your time and have a good rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-02-08 14:57:05) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the First Quarter 2022 TransDigm Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you. And welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2022 first quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; Chief Operating Officer, Jorge Valladares; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that the statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that would cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. And thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy and then a few comments about the quarter and a discussion of our fiscal 2022 outlook. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products, which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We utilize a simple, well proven, value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system, closely aligned with shareholders. Next, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy where we see a clear path to PE like returns. And finally, our capital structure and allocation are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our longstanding goal is to give our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had a good quarter, considering the market environment. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and are encouraged by the trends in air traffic among other factors. Our Q1 fiscal results show positive growth in comparison to the same period in fiscal 2021 as we are lapping the first quarter of 2021, which was heavily impacted by the pandemic and prior to the widespread availability of vaccines. Although our results have improved, they continue to be unfavorably affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels as the demand for air travel remains depressed. However, the continued improvement in global air traffic despite emergence of a new COVID-19 variant in late-2021 is encouraging. It further illustrates the pent-up demand for air travel and bodes well for the momentum of the commercial aerospace recovery in 2022. To date, the recovery has remained primarily driven by domestic leisure travel. Although we are optimistic for recovery of international travel as many governments across the world have softened travel restrictions. Even the travel restrictions reimposed by certain governments during the months of December due to the Omicron variant are now starting to ease, which is again an encouraging sign. In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in our commercial markets, with total commercial aftermarket revenues up 10% over Q4 of fiscal 2021 and bookings up more than 15% compared to Q4. Commercial OEM bookings came in even stronger with almost 20% sequential improvement over Q4. I am also very pleased that despite the challenging commercial environment, our EBITDA as defined margin was 47.3% in the quarter. Contributing to this better-than-expected margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy. This was achieved despite the emergence of the Omicron variant during the quarter. Additionally, we continued to generate significant cash in Q1. We had strong operating cash flow generation of almost $280 million and closed the quarter with a little over $4.8 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2022. Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. We are now at a decision point with regard to our sizable cash balance, which is now approaching $5 billion. Consistent with our history. When we have a significant amount of cash available, we aim to give that back to the shareholders in one form or another. At this time, we're still in the process of evaluating our capital allocation options with regard to any significant acquisitions, share buybacks and dividends. All three options are on the table each individually, but then also potentially in some combination over the next 12 months. Any significant M&A, share buyback and or dividend activity will still leave the company with substantial liquidity and the financial flexibility to deal with any currently anticipated capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially so in these times. Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we are still actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. We continue to see a pickup in acquisition opportunity activity, but it's still slower than pre-COVID. We have a decent pipeline of possibilities as usual, mostly in the small midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. Now moving to our outlook for 2022. We are still not in a position to provide full financial guidance as a result of the continued disruption in our primary commercial end markets. We continue to be encouraged by the recovery we have seen in our commercial aftermarket revenues and the strong bookings received for both commercial OEM and aftermarket in Q1. We will look to reinstitute guidance when we have a clearer picture of the future. We continue to expect COVID-19 to have an adverse impact on our financial results compared to pre-pandemic levels throughout the remainder of fiscal 2022 under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel. Although recent positive trends in commercial air traffic could impact us favorably. To reiterate what we said on the Q4 earnings call, our teams are still planning for our commercial aftermarket revenue to grow in the 20% to 30% range. We expect our commercial OEM revenue to grow significantly as well, but at a rate slightly less than the commercial aftermarket. As you know, we aim to be conservative and would be happy to have both of these end markets rebound more strongly. To reiterate, these are planning assumptions for organizational purposes and not guidance. As for the defense market, we still expect defense revenue growth in the low-single digit percent range from fiscal 2022 versus prior year despite the slow start to the year. Jorge will provide more color on our defense end market. We now expect full year fiscal 2022 EBITDA margin to be slightly north of 47% due to the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. Please note that our Q1 EBITDA margin was stronger than anticipated, and we may see less year-over-year margin improvement for Q2 and expect margins to move up throughout the second half of the fiscal year. As a final note, this margin guidance includes the unfavorable headwind of our Cobham acquisition of about 0.5%. We believe we are well positioned for the remainder of fiscal 2022. As usual, we'll closely watch the aerospace and capital markets as they develop and will react accordingly. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2022 financial assumptions and updates. Now shifting gears for a moment to non-financial matters. I'd like to touch on our DoD IG audit report, which was released in mid-December. As we expected and communicated, the audit scope and results were similar to prior audits. The report found no legal wrongdoing on behalf of TransDigm or any of our employees. The report asked for a purely voluntary refund of approximately $21 million. We disagree with many of the implications contained in the report as well as the methodology used to arrive at many of the report's conclusions. We also disagree with the use of arbitrary standards and analysis, which render many areas of the report inaccurate and misleading. Additionally, at the request of the House Oversight and Reform Committee, we participated in a hearing on January 19 to discuss the results of the audit. Going forward, we will continue to work with the IG, the DLA and any other relevant parties to evaluate the results of this audit. The U.S. government and the U.S. war fighter remain top priorities for TransDigm. At this time, we are engaged directly with the DLA and do not have any further update on whether or not we expect to pay all or a portion of the $21 million voluntary refund request. Finally, I wanted to announce the retirement of our Vice Chairman, Bob Henderson. He retired at the end of first fiscal quarter. Bob has been a key member of the TransDigm management team for over 25 years and a significant partner in the company's growth during the entire period. He served in a range of roles over his years with TransDigm, including as President of several operating units, Executive Vice President, COO of TransDigm's Airframe Business Group and most recently, Vice Chairman, where he oversaw the integration of the operating units acquired as part of the Esterline transaction. We wish Bob well in his retirement. Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the company's performance in this challenging time for the commercial aerospace industry and with our commitment to driving value for our stakeholders. As always, we remain focused on executing our operating strategy and managing our cost structure as we continue on this journey to a full recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. We look forward to the remainder of our fiscal 2022 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. Now let me hand it over to Jorge to review our performance and a few other items.
Jorge Valladares: Thanks, Kevin. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2021. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. This market discussion includes the acquisition of Cobham Aero Connectivity. We began to include Cobham in this market analysis discussion in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. This market discussion also removes the impact of any divestitures completed in fiscal 2021. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 13% in Q1 compared with the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were robust compared to the same prior year period and strongly outpaced sales. Sequentially, the bookings improved almost 20% compared to Q4. Although we expect demand for our commercial OEM products to continue to be reduced in the short term, we are encouraged by build rates gradually progressing at the commercial OEMs. We are hopeful that the narrow-body rate ramps disclosed by Airbus and Boeing will play out as forecasted. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 49% in Q1 when compared with prior year period. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by increased demand in our passenger submarket, although all of our commercial aftermarket submarkets were up significantly compared to prior year Q1. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew approximately 10% and bookings grew more than 15%. Commercial aftermarket bookings are up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period and Q1 bookings strongly outpaced sales. To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles remained low but continued to modestly improve throughout our Q1. IATA currently forecasts a 39% decrease in revenue passenger miles in calendar year 2022 compared to pre-pandemic levels. Within IATA's estimate is the expectation that domestic travel will be back to 93% of pre-pandemic levels in calendar year 2022. Despite the impact of the Omicron variant, December global revenue passenger miles still improved month-on-month, which demonstrates the strong underlying demand and the willingness of passengers to travel. Countries that reimposed travel restrictions due to this variant are already announcing significant easing of those restrictions. The limited impact from the Omicron variant on air travel provides optimism for the pace of the recovery of air traffic in 2022. The recovery in domestic travel has been more resilient than international. Domestic air traffic for calendar 2021 was only down 28% compared to pre-pandemic versus international, which was still down 75%. As the commercial aerospace recovery has progressed, the U.S. and Europe have shown strong demand for domestic travel. China has been more volatile due to its Zero COVID policies, which lead to localized lockdowns and rapid drop offs in air travel. Though the pace of the international air traffic recovery has been slow, we are hopeful for improvement in international travel in 2022 as vaccination rates continue to improve globally and many of the government travel restrictions are softening. Global cargo volumes continue to surpass pre-COVID levels and it is generally expected that airfreight demand will remain robust throughout 2022. Business jet utilization remained strong. Commentary from business jet OEMs and operators have been encouraging and these higher levels of business jet activity may be here to stay, though time will tell. Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, decreased by approximately 12% in Q1 when compared with the prior year period. As we have said many times, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. This quarter, Cobham was lapping a very tough prior year comparison as Cobham's defense sales accelerated in fiscal Q1 2021, which was the last quarter prior to TransDigm's ownership. This was the single largest contributor to the year-over-year decline. There are also some supply chain induced delays in fulfilling orders at certain operating units. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we continue to expect low single-digit percent range growth in fiscal 2022 for our defense market revenues. Lastly, I'd like to wrap up by stating how pleased I am by our operational performance in this first quarter of fiscal 2022, despite the continued impact of the pandemic. We remain focused on our value drivers and executing with operational excellence. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on some additional financial matters for the quarter and then our expectations for the full fiscal year. First, in regard to profitability for the quarter, EBITDA as defined of about $565 million for Q1 was up 19% versus our prior Q1. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 47.3%. This represents year-over-year improvement in our EBITDA as defined margin of about 450 basis points versus Q1 of last year. Sequentially, EBITDA as defined margin declined slightly by about 200 basis points during Q1 versus Q4 of last fiscal year. As you know, this is typically the case for us given the higher volume levels in Q4 and lower number of working days in our fiscal Q1. Now a few quick additional financial data points for the quarter. Organic growth was 9%, driven by the rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On taxes, the slightly lower than expected GAAP rate for the quarter was driven by significant tax benefits arising from equity compensation deductions. This is just timing. Barring some deviations in the rates for this first quarter, our tax rate guidance for the full year is unchanged from what we provided on our last earnings call. Moving to cash and liquidity. We had another nice quarter on free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally defined at TransDigm as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $250 million. We ended the quarter with about $4.8 billion of cash. During Q1, we also paid down our $200 million revolver balance, which was drawn at the onset of COVID in March of 2020 out of an abundance of caution. The $200 million revolver paydown is the primary reason that our cash balance ticked up much less than the $250 million of free cash flow we generated in Q1. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is now at 6.7 times. This ratio is down from 8.2 times at its peak. We expect to continue running free cash flow positive. And barring any additional capital markets activities, this ratio would keep coming down as we proceed through our fiscal '22. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed but now rebounding commercial environment for quite some time. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: Certainly.  Our first question comes from the line of Myles Walton from UBS. Your question please?
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could comment on the  target for aftermarket growth for fiscal '22 ---
Kevin Stein: We can't hear you. Myles, sorry, we can't hear you.
Myles Walton: Apologies. Can you hear me now?
Kevin Stein: There you go.
Myles Walton: Yes, exactly. The batteries are dead. Can I ask about the range of aftermarket growth that you're looking for, for fiscal '22, given the strong number in 1Q? Are you comfortably at the top, very top of that sales range at this point? And or was there anything in particular that was driving aftermarket that wouldn't keep this pace for the rest of the year?
Kevin Stein: I don't think we'd see anything that's keeping the pace that we know about. That's really the issue with sticking our neck out and giving guidance is that there's still a lot of unknowns. Omicron variants pop up. I think we're just communicating our planning purposes that we're using to staff accordingly. We hope that it's conservative.
Myles Walton: Okay. And I know, Mike, you said that the TransDigm defense business was including Cobham on your organic calculation down year-on-year. Given you didn't own Cobham in the first quarter of last year, what did the TransDigm business ex Cobham look like on a year-on-year basis?
Mike Lisman: I think you'll see that some of the details in the (inaudible), it was down about 5%, 6% ballpark.
Myles Walton: Okay. All right. Ill leave it there. Thanks
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Your question please?
Elizabeth Grenfell: Hi. Good morning. It's -- actually it's Elizabeth on for Ron. Two questions. One, can you talk to the trends you're seeing in stocking and destocking. And then secondly, as a follow-up to Myles, just to confirm that the 5% to 6% decline that you saw ex Cobham, is that all attributable to supply chain? And are you seeing any improvements there? Or how are you thinking about that for the rest of the year?
Kevin Stein: Jorge, do you want to take the destocking question first?
Jorge Valladares: Sure. I think as most of you know, we don't have insight into the specific inventory levels at our airline customers. That being said, we're hopeful, we're cautiously optimistic. We're at the end of any significant destocking activities at the airlines.
Mike Lisman: And on the second part of your question, the specifics of what drove the remaining 6% decline in the base TransDigm defense business. It's a mixed bag of both supply chain issues, but then also our planning too has been down this first quarter. We knew some of this was coming for us in the Q1 would be a little bit weaker this year. But I don't think we want to get into specifics of exactly what drove it, but it was a combo of the two.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Do you expect -- I mean what are you thinking for the rest of the year in terms of improvement? Are you seeing any signs of improvement? Or are you ---
Mike Lisman: In defense, we still feel good about the low-single digit growth target for the year.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Okay. So expectations around supply chain, has that changed then?
Mike Lisman: That's right at this time. We continue to watch it.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I don't -- we've seen. This is Kevin, we've seen some inflationary pressures. We've seen some supply chain issues, I think, in electronic components and castings. But it's not across the whole industry yet, but it's something we're watching closely.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Okay. Thank you so much.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah. Our teams have been very active in engaging with the supply chain. We would suspect that well probably still have a couple of quarters of activities related to supply chain issues, but theyre engaged in mitigating as best as they can.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Your question please?
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Jorge Valladares: Good morning.
David Strauss: Good morning. I think you noted, Jorge noted the strongest part of the aftermarket was passenger. Can you just give a little bit of color, I guess, the 10% sequential improvement you saw in the quarter, how that broke out engine, interiors passenger?
Jorge Valladares: Yeah. I don't think I have the specifics in front of me. But as a reminder, passenger is our largest submarket. It constitutes anywhere between 60% and 65% of our overall commercial aftermarket sales. But as I noted, we saw strength across the board in all the submarkets within the commercial aftermarket.
David Strauss: Okay. A quick follow-up. Mike, you obviously have a decent amount of floating rate debt. Can you talk about how the higher interest rate environment might impact your overall rate? I know you've got caps and swaps, but what kind of sensitivity are you looking at in terms of the impact of higher rates? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: We don't expect too much of an impact. When you factor in the current caps and swaps, we're about 84% fixed going out for the next 2 or 3 years. So not a sizable impact as things pick up here. We do factor in the latest LIBOR curve when we give you guys the interest rate guidance, the consensus market curve. So it's all taken into account. But given the fact that we're close to 85% fixed rate anyway. Even if interest rates were to surge by quite a bit, there's not too much pain to be felt at least during the period of those hedges before they run out.
David Strauss: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please?
Ken Herbert: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. Mike, I wanted to first ask on cash flow. I mean, good cash generation in the quarter. How do you think about cash conversion, say relative to your EBITDA as defined moving forward? And with all the cost actions, could that framework be perhaps a little higher than you've talked about it in the past.
Mike Lisman: I don't think we expect any material deviation from the close to 50% conversion of our EBITDA into free cash flow that we've always relayed in the past. And that's again based on the definition of free cash flow that I mentioned in my script. Overtime, as we rebound out of COVID, we expect to get back close to that kind of 45% to 50% ballpark of EBITDA that we've operated at historically. Right now, we're a little bit lower just given the fixed nature of the interest charge and the fact that the EBITDA is still depressed. But once we rebound and come out of this, we expect to go back to that same ballpark.
Ken Herbert: Okay. Very helpful. And if I could, just on the aftermarket. I know in the past, you've talked about a fairly significant percent of your business that's book and shipped there. Has that mix changed as you think about sequentially what we should expect through the next few quarters? I guess it sounds like you're still a 10% sequential improvement through the rest of the fiscal year is a fair starting point, correct?
Mike Lisman: Correct. I think as we look across the balance of the fiscal year, we would expect a gradual ramp-up in the commercial aftermarket. As Kevin noted, we're a little bit conservative here just with the different variants of COVID-19, potentially providing a temporary disruption. So we hope we're on the conservative side, but we thought 10% sequential growth was a good start, and we'd anticipate that to carry throughout the balance of the year.
Ken Herbert: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Melius Research. Your question please?
Robert Spingarn: Hey, good morning. Kevin, I wanted to ask you a question about looking at the business from the different end markets, narrowbody, widebody, biz jet, so forth and where you are relative on sales to pre-pandemic in those areas? And to what extent that affects your factory and plant? In other words, is widebody so idle that it's going to be problematic to get it back up and running?
Kevin Stein: No. Widebody is not so idle that it would be problematic to get it up. Narrow-body's done better than wide-body and business jet has been very good. I think that's generally how we would describe it. But there's nothing more specific about wide-body that would make it difficult to bring the manufacturing up. Jorge, do you want to -- anything you want to add to that?
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, I would agree. I mean typically, and as you know, we're market weighted in terms of the fleet. From an aftermarket perspective, supporting the widebodies is not an issue. The majority of the labor and the higher volume production comes on the OEM side. So we don't anticipate any issues with the depressed OEM environment impacting the commercial aftermarket support.
Robert Spingarn: And Jorge, would it be fair to say that biz jet is the most recovered or narrowbody?
Jorge Valladares: I would say set the biz jet is the most recovered. Absolutely.
Kevin Stein: Biz jet.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Your question please?
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: I think it's maybe for Kevin. You noticed this very strong Q1 aftermarket, but there any indications that airlines are pulling forward work that they would otherwise have done later in the year, and therefore, the sequential growth might ease as the year progresses?
Kevin Stein: I would tell you that Q1 was strong and the order book was strong. Was it stronger than we anticipated? Yeah, maybe a little bit. But I don't think there's any indication that things will slow down necessarily. I don't have any indication that people are front-loading maintenance work or buying spares ahead, that's usually not the way the industry operates. I think this will continue as long as flight activity continues.
Robert Stallard: Right. And then, Kevin, on the M&A front, you said things are a bit slow at the moment. I was wondering if you might want to comment on what the cause for that might be, whether you're seeing any differences in the commercial versus defense end markets?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. With the defense surging over the last couple of years, we saw a lot more defense opportunities in the M&A space. With the commercial market being so depressed right now, I think there hasn't been as many commercial opportunities that have come along on the M&A front, but that's starting to change. We're starting to see more of the commercial properties that we covet. So we will look for more of those as we go forward. It's always difficult to predict when things will close. We frequently are looking at businesses and don't get to the point of closing for some reason, but we're optimistic right now.
Robert Stallard: Thats great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird. Your question please?
Peter Arment: Thanks. Good morning, everyone -- Kevin, Jorge, Mike. Kevin or Jorge, just on the defense, your confidence around the low single-digit growth just given the slower start to the year, but just also how you factored in. Are you seeing any impact from the continuing resolution? And if it did go a full year, how does that impact your thinking? Thanks.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah. I don't know that we can pinpoint any direct or quantifiable impact from the continuing resolution. I think as I mentioned, the largest single driver in the defense market for this quarter was some of the lumpiness related to the Cobham acquisition. Quote volumes in general, continue to remain strong at the teams. So we're cautiously optimistic that those will convert over to orders as we would expect for the balance of the year.
Peter Arment: Okay. That's helpful. And just, Kevin, I just wanted to circle back to your comments about -- and you made some comments on the fourth quarter call about you thought the supply chain disruptions might get a little worse on the electronic component side. Did that get any worse in the quarter? Or is it still kind of neutral?
Kevin Stein: I think they did, in some places, get worse. We are definitely struggling on some of the electronic components. We're seeing inflation supply chain issues on those. But right now, I think, limited to electronics and casting. The casting industry has definitely been hurt coming back up after the slowdown.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the details. Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Akers from Wells Fargo. Your question please?
Matt Akers: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for the question. Can you talk about what's the kind of the biggest area of uncertainty that gives you pause in terms of giving guidance for this year? Is it OE build raise? Or what would you have to see to get the confidence to give that?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think it's OE build rates. Our largest customer still haven't given guidance, still haven't given us a forecast. This matters to us because, as Jorge alluded to, all of our hiring and staffing is really related to OEM build rates. So it's really difficult to forecast that if you're not getting any guidance. Aftermarket, we also feel very optimistic that it's moving in the right direction. We're seeing more takeoff and landings, revenue passenger miles by any metric, it continues to improve, but it is lumpy around the world. I think that's what gives us pause in issuing guidance. It's really a lack of clarity on the market. We saw Omicron come out of nowhere in Q1 in our first quarter, largely out of nowhere and saw it really impact. So it's difficult for us to forecast the future when there are so many unknowns. So that's where we come down.
Matt Akers: Got it. Thanks. And then I guess on the defense business, with the hearing and the proposed new legislation, can you just talk about how that does that impact your business at all in the quarter? Does it have any effect on sort of how you about ship construction.
Mike Lisman: I'll be happy to talk to that one. We have not seen any material impact from the IG audit release or the hearing. Again, we're touching base with the teams. As we've mentioned in prior calls, we continue to be directly engaged with the DoD and the DLA. And we've formed this working group. We think that has been beneficial to both parties over the last 2 years. So we have not seen any material impact as a result of those 2 activities.
Matt Akers: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli from Truist Securities. Your question please?
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Michael Ciarmoli: Good morning. Maybe just to go back to Rob's kind of question on aftermarket with widebody. And can you parse that growth, I mean, presumably utilization still running pretty light. Does the planning range that you've given assume any widebody recovery? Have you seen any, I guess, uptick in the bookings to support wide-body aftermarket activity?
Kevin Stein: We don't have that split out by different segments in our bookings. It's too difficult to see that. We just look at ourselves as market weighted. And as wide-bodies start to fly more and are utilized more, certainly will have to up gauge our manufacturing there, but I don't think we see it as a concern for us right now.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. And then just back to the $5 billion of cash. You talked dividends, you talked buyback, M&A, obviously. Has debt paydown entered the equation at all? I mean you guys have basically been operating as a public company in a free money environment. You're seemingly inversely correlated with rising rates. You could probably add a lot to EPS accretion. I mean is that even in the cards at all? And I know you're hedged and you just mentioned the 84%, but I mean we really don't know how this is going to shake out. I mean is that or is that in the thinking or the thought process for use of cash or not?
Kevin Stein: Sure. We always look at all uses of cash. And I think we've always communicated that -- the first and primary use is to invest in our own businesses. Secondarily is M&A, next comes capital allocation back out to our shareholders. And then the last priority would be paying down debt. I don't think the debt environments have changed enough for us to modify our strategy. It may happen one day, but it's certainly not yet.
Mike Lisman: And if you look at just the cost -- from a cost of equity versus cost of debt standpoint, the debt even at forecasted interest rates is still a much better way to finance your business.
Kevin Stein: Absolutely.
Michael Ciarmoli: Yeah. Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your question please?
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. And good morning. Sorry for kind of a small board question here. But just noticed from the slides, the significant increase in stock comp this year. A, what's that do to? And b, should we expect you guys to file the proxy soon?
Mike Lisman: Sure. So first, on the stock comp add back. This is GAAP accounting rules as they pertain to how we do the computation of our stock comp expense and the GAAP P&L. It's a non-cash expense. We're not handing out any more stock options to the management team or anything this year than we have in prior years. What drove the increase, and I think it was about -- last year, we had $129 million of stock comp expense. This year, we're stepping up to a midpoint of $145 million, rough justice of the target we gave you. The driver of that increase is that we changed the best criteria back from the temporary criteria we had during COVID, which was an EBITDA margin and dollar target. And we flipped it back to the metric that we've always had since TransDigm was founded, which is the 17.5% growth target on the intrinsic equity value per share. That switch just drove a bit of a change in the way you do the GAAP stock comp expense computation. But going forward, we're going to adhere to the same methodology we've always had. And again, no increase in the number of options that are being handed out to executives or anything as part of our incentive plans. On the proxy filing, you probably saw that we filed the 10-Ka last week, which included a lot of the content of the usual proxy. We wouldn't expect the proxy to come for a couple of months, probably May or June time frame. So a little bit later than would typically be the case. But much of the content that's in that was released last week in the 10-Ka.
Seth Seifman: Got it. Great. Thanks. And then just a couple of quick clarifications on stuff that you guys have talked about for the remainder of the year. Just to get to that kind of low-single digit growth for the defense business, that implies that we should be seeing a kind of return to sort of mid-single digit growth for the remainder of the year. Or is it much more back half weighted than that? And then secondly, what is it about the second quarter? It seems like you're expecting a little bit less margin expansion in the second quarter and then acceleration later in the year. What is it about the second quarter where there's a particular headwind?
Kevin Stein: Well, on the margin side, we don't want to give quarterly guidance. We're not there yet. So I don't want to give margin guidance on a per quarter basis. I don't see anything out there that concerns me about Q2 and as we go forward. We just aren't issuing guidance, and we had a very strong Q1. So it's just the normal conservatism in our commentary.
Seth Seifman: Right. Okay. And then on defense and kind of the implication is kind of mid-single growth the remainder of the year.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think that's what we would have to get to. So the math will share what -- given the slow start. This will be more of a of a stretch for us for the year, but we still feel confident enough to leave it there. As the business generally recovers, as Cobham starts to grow, I think this will rectify itself.
Mike Lisman: And as you guys know, the defense is always lumpy, too. So we're not going to go and give quarterly guidance there either because it's hard to forecast with precision.
Seth Seifman: Cool. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Your question please?
Hunter Keay: Good morning. Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Hunter Keay: So we know that M&A is your preferred means of capital deployment. But all is equal, it's a tough acquisition environment, as you said. But would you be more inclined to maybe overpay a little bit for a really quality business that fits well or maybe bend a little bit on the mix of the business that you're acquiring? And if the answer is neither, how do you know when it's time to cut a special dividend? I guess the nature of the question is it's really just an art versus science type question as you evaluate a menu of options, none of which might be 100% appealing?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. It is a lot of art and not science on that. So we do look as we go forward of if we pay a dividend today, how could we finance anything that we see coming along on the horizon? Or sometimes there are surprise acquisitions that come up, how could you deal with them. So there's always a bit of art and looking at what's happening as we go forward. Given that we're starting to recover in the commercial markets, and we're starting to see more commercial opportunities. It may be that we want to be a little more thoughtful about paying out a huge dividend today and looking at the opportunities that are coming. This is all in our thought process right now as we're evaluating what we should do over the next 12 months to get this excess cash out, as I said, some combination of M&A, share buybacks and dividends will be utilized as we always have. You can go back and look at our previous history, we did buybacks. We've always -- we've been very engaged in dividends. We do a lot of M&A transactions. So nothing has changed. The market is very volatile right now. There's a lot happening.
Hunter Keay: Okay. And has your -- to that, has your due diligence process changed at all? Has it lengthened? Have you raised your internal return thresholds for deals? I mean -- or is it really just about a lack of willingness to sell?
Kevin Stein: It's really a lack of willingness to sell. It's a lack of opportunities of properties that you are interested in. There is -- yeah, there's not a lot of them when the commercial market is so depressed. People would not be able to sell at the same price they could have before COVID. So they're trying to see that things get back to that space. As far as paying up on transactions, I never like to speculate. I think if things match our criteria, if a business matches our criteria, we would look very strongly at it. And so for us, it is staying disciplined in our M&A process. M&A models are the same. We are looking at businesses the same way as always.
Hunter Keay: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley. Your question please?
Kristine Liwag: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: Well, with the tightening credit environment, how do you think about your maximum leverage going forward? I mean you guys are -- were at 8.2% net debt to EBITDA, just as you said last year, and you were quite comfortable there, and there's no special trough. So do you think that the new math, in terms of where you would go, should you do a special dividend or do an acquisition?
Mike Lisman: Yeah. Practically, Kristine, I don't think it will change very much from where we've operated historically. If you looked at the three years pre-COVID for TransDigm, the net debt to EBITDA was averaged about 6 times almost exactly, and it kind of oscillates between like 5.5% or so up to 6.5% and then maybe you do an acquisition or dividend or something that drives it towards the top end of the range. But the average was about 6. I think we're comfortable staying in kind of that range going forward. To Kevin's earlier comments, we always want to leave some capacity there to do a big acquisition if something comes along that you weren't expecting. You don't ever want to dial it up so much to the high end of the range that you're tapped out because M&A is the biggest value driver for us as a company. We don't want to not have the flexibility to do that. And practically, for a company like us, even though we've proven through COVID that we can probably withstand more debt than the 6 times we run at, the markets are only willing to give you so much. So I think we'll likely stay around the 6 times, and we feel really comfortable operating at that kind of level. I mean you guys saw we went through the worst commercial aerospace downturn in history. We stayed free cash flow positive throughout. And as long as we keep the maturities out to the right, I don't see any big obstacle or issue that could come from the leverage level.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks. That's helpful color. And maybe on the DoD IG audit, I mean you've had a few of these now, and they've all resulted in voluntary refunds. I mean nothing more major than that. So at what point do these audits stop? Or is this just kind of a continual thing, we'll see every few years at $20 million.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think it's probably an artifact of doing business with the U.S. government, the DoD. There are many audits that happen constantly amongst defense contractors and suppliers to the government of all kinds. I think this is part of the nature of doing business, and we have to get used to it. I think that the work that Jorge has done with the working groups with the DLA, DoD will certainly help this. It's a communication gap, I think. And we will continue to work this issue and improve it, I think, as we go forward.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your question please?
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: How wide is the bell curve of possibilities that you plan the business for around that 20% to 30% aftermarket growth? Just with still limited visibility. Just curious how you manage and plan the business? And what could you handle to the downside and what's even possible to deliver on to the upside?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think we're not as worried. If upside comes, remember, aftermarket is more -- is less labor dependent than is the OEM side. I think the bell curve is pretty wide in expectations. We're just trying to guide to what are some of the possibilities so that people can plan accordingly. For us to be successful in this environment, we must be nimble. We must react quickly and that's what we're good at. So I think the 20% to 30% planning is appropriate. It was difficult for us to think that we would have to plan for something larger than that at the time that seems like a huge growth from where we were with what we knew. I think in general, we're less worried about the aftermarket curve ramp-up than we are about the OEM side. It's why it's difficult, again, for us to give guidance without that OEM knowledge plan.
Noah Poponak: Okay. That makes sense. Did the margin in the quarter have sort of stranded costs related to the decline in defense revenues because at least the supply chain part of that is maybe a surprise you can't react to compared to the aerospace revenues, maybe having a clean incremental margin to them. I'm sort of curious if that makes the margin in the quarter actually sort of  really going through the business.
Mike Lisman: No, I don't think so.
Kevin Stein: Defense business is generally lower profitability. So it all goes with the mix. We make less money on defense. We make less money on the OEM side, at the aftermarket where we make our dollars on commercial aftermarket. So all of these things lead to the stronger margin performance in the quarter.
Noah Poponak: Right. So it's a mix positive. And I know you don't want to -- you say you don't want to guide the quarters and not sensible, but just for sort of calibration purposes and a month into fiscal 2Q here. Should we expect the defense business to be down again year-over-year in the second quarter? It just would be a big sequential lift. I think you have it ---
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think we're not guiding on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We're looking at it for the year, and we're comfortable with low-single digits in defense and we'll see how it plays out.
Noah Poponak: Fair enough. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Alembic Global. Your question please?
Pete Skibitski: Yeah, good morning, guys. Just one for me, a little bit of a follow-on. Kevin, in your opening remarks, you talked about some of the restrictions in global air travel starting to come in. It seems like over the last month or so, that's kind of accelerated and they're really starting to come down. So I'm just wondering, early days here in the second quarter if you're kind of -- if it's floodgates opening type of effect that you're seeing the orders come in as a result of that or maybe it's just too soon right now? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I can't comment on this quarter. We're just into it. I think you can look at last quarter and see the improvement in OEM bookings and aftermarket bookings. The fact that we're booking more than we're shipping and our shipments are up 49% in the aftermarket. These are all encouraging signs to momentum building.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Your question please?
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Maybe if you could talk about inflation, how you're seeing right across your business, both from a pricing perspective. Have you changed the way you price at all just given inflation is prominent everywhere? And then if you could talk about your cost inflation as well and how you're handling that?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. In general, we saw a little bit of an increase in inflation in Q1, primarily on electronic components. Not so much on labor, although we would anticipate, obviously, given the macro indications that labor will feel that inflationary pressure throughout the year. In general, our goal with pricing is to institute price increases above inflation, so real price increases. That philosophy has not changed in this environment. Ultimately, with the higher inflation, we've got to pass on some of that to the customer base, and that's done at the operating unit level and the teams are doing their best job to get in front of that, knowing that the inflationary pressures will likely continue to increase throughout the balance of the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Understood. And then maybe on the aftermarket, if you could comment some more, 49% was really strong. And you noted, obviously, the variant came in December 1. So can you talk about how you saw trends in October, November and maybe in December?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I don't have the specific monthly data. Really, we look at it across the quarter. The aftermarket recovery can be lumpy in nature as well, and we saw good sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Jaimie Stemen for any further remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes today's call. We appreciate your time. And have a good rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-11-16 17:33:04) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question and answer session.  To ask a question during the session, . As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you. And welcome to TransDigm fiscal 2021 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein, Chief Operating Officer, Jorge Valladares, and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplement slide deck and call replay information.  Before we begin, the Company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov.  The Company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically, EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with a quick overview of our strategy. the summary of a few significant items in the quarter, and discuss our fiscal 2022 outlook. Then, George and Mike will give additional color on the quarter. George Valladares, is joining our earnings call today, and will do so going forward. George is currently our Chief Operating Officer and has been in the role since 2019.  Over the last 20 plus years with TransDigm, George has had an unusually broad operating background and has been a key culture carrier. He most recently served as our COO of power and control, where all of the power group businesses reported to George. Prior to this role, he served 4 years as an Executive Vice President and was President at 2 of our larger operating units, AvtechTyee and AdelWiggins.  George initially started at AdelWiggins Group and held various positions of increasing responsibility in engineering, manufacturing, and sales as he worked his way up. We're excited to have him join the earnings call and offer his expertise. Now, moving on to the business of today to reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times, as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle.  This should sound similar to what you have always heard from TransDigm. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider.  Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues which generally have significant higher margins and over any extended period, have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content.  We utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organization structure and unique compensation system, closely aligned with shareholders. We acquire businesses that fit the strategy, and where we see a clear path to private equity-like returns. Our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology.  Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had a good quarter considering the market environment.  We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and are encouraged by the trends in air-traffic, among other factors. Our current Q4 results continued to show positive growth in comparison, as we are lapping another fiscal 2020 quarter, fully impacted by the pandemic. However, our results continued to be unfavorably affected in comparison to pre -pandemic levels due to the reduced demand for air travel.  On a more encouraging note, the commercial aerospace industry has continued to show signs of recovery with increasing air traffic and vaccination rates expanding. The recovery has remained primarily driven by domestic leisure travel, though we are optimistic for the recovery of international travel as more governments across the world softened travel restrictions.  In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in commercial aftermarket revenues, with total commercial aftermarket revenues up 14% over Q3. I'm also very pleased that, even in this challenging commercial environment, we continue to sequentially expand our EBITDA as defined margin.  Contributing to this increase is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues, as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy. Additionally, we continued to generate significant cash in Q4. We had strong operating cash flow generation of almost $300 million and closed the quarter with approximately $4.8 billion of cash.  We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash through 2022. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially so in these times. First I'd like to address the Meggitt situation that occurred this quarter.  We have long admired and studied the Meggitt business and believe that a combination between us and Meggitt could provide value to investors of both companies. However, based on the quite limited due diligence information that was made available, and the resulting uncertainties, we could not conclude that moving forward with an offer of 900 pence per Meggitt share would meet our longstanding goals for value creation and investor returns.  We put substantial time and effort into evaluating this potential transaction as we had communicated previously. However, as we have said many times before, we are very disciplined with our capital allocation. When we make acquisitions, we need a reasonable degree of certainty for achieving our investment return goals, especially for a deal of this magnitude.  The diligence made available to us was too limited to provide the assurance needed to move forward, and our additional diligence requests were not met. These additional diligence requests were very similar to what was typically received in the almost 90 acquisitions we have done over the life of the Company. It was a disappointment that we could not move forward.  But it was the most prudent decision for the Company and all of our stakeholders. In regard to the current M&A pipeline, we're still actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. Acquisition opportunities in the last quarter was still slower than pre -COVID, but we are starting to see some pickup in activity. We remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio, primarily in the small to mid-sized opportunities, and look forward to continued M&A activity far into the future. At this time, we don't anticipate that we make any significant dividends or share buybacks for at least the next quarter, but we will keep watching and see if our views change. Now, moving to our outlook for 2022. While we are not providing full financial guidance at this time as a result of the continued disruption in our primary commercial end markets, we are providing guidance on select financial metrics for fiscal 2022, including EBITDA, as defined margins, expected defense market revenue, growth, tax rates, and other key financial assumptions.  We do continue to be encouraged by the recovery we have seen in both our commercial OEM and aftermarket revenues and bookings in fiscal 2021, but many unknowns remain for the pace and shape of the recovery. We will look to reinstitute guidance when we have a clearer picture of the future.  Currently we expect COVID-19 to continue to have an adverse impact on our financial results compared to pre -pandemic levels Into fiscal 2022 under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel. Although recent positive trends in commercial air traffic could impact us favorably.  Given what we know today, our teams are planning for our commercial aftermarket revenue to grow in the 20% to 30% range. Planning for our commercial aftermarket revenue to grow in the 20% to 30% range. We expect our commercial OEM revenue to grow significantly as well, but at a rate slightly less than the commercial aftermarket. As you know, we aim to be conservative and would be happy to have both of these end markets rebound more strongly.  George will provide further detail on a few key points of consideration that will drive our ultimate commercial growth. As for the defense market, we expect defense revenue growth in the low single-digits percent range versus fiscal 2022. Now, a bit more color on EBITDA as defined expectations for fiscal 2022.  We expect full-year fiscal 2022, EBITDA margins to be roughly in the area of 47%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. This guidance assumes a steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue throughout fiscal 2022, with Q1 being the lowest. In similar fashion, we anticipated EBITDA margins will move up throughout fiscal 2022 with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4.  As a final note, this margin guidance includes the unfavorable headwind of our recent Cobham acquisition of about 0.5%. As a reminder, and consistent with past years with roughly 10% less working days than the subsequent quarters, fiscal year 2022 Q1 revenues, EBITDA, EBITDA margins are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters of fiscal year 2022. We believe we are well-positioned as we enter fiscal '22.  As usual, we'll closely watch the aerospace and Capital Markets development and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the Company's performance in this challenging time for the commercial aerospace industry, and with our commitment to driving value for our stakeholders. The commercial aerospace market recovery continues to progress, and current trends are encouraging.  There is still uncertainty about the pace of the recovery, but the team remains focused on controlling what we can control. We remain confident that in the fullness of time, the commercial aerospace market will return to pre pandemic levels. We look forward to fiscal '22, and the opportunity to create value for our stakeholders through our consistent strategy. Now, let me hand it over to Jorge to review our recent performance and a few other items.
Jorge Valladares: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for the kind introduction, Kevin. I'm glad to be speaking with all of you today and look forward to being on these calls in the future. I will start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2020. That is, assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods.  This market discussion includes the acquisition of Cobham Aero Connectivity. We began to include Cobham in this market analysis discussion in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. This market discussion also removes the impact of any divestitures completed in fiscal 2021. In the commercial market which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket.  Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 1% in Q4, and declined approximately 25% for full-year fiscal 2021, compared with prior-year periods. Bookings in the quarter were very strong compared to the same prior year period, and solidly outpaced sales. Sequentially, both Q4 revenue and bookings improved approximately 5% compared to Q3.  Although we expect demand for our commercial OEM products to continue to be reduced in the short-term, we are encouraged by build rates gradually progressing at the commercial OEMs. Recent commentary from Airbus and Boeing reiterated anticipated rate ramps for their narrow-body platforms in the near future. Hopefully, this will play out as forecasted. Now, moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion.  Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 41% in Q4 and declined approximately 18% for full-year fiscal 2021, when compared with prior-year periods. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by increased demand in our passenger sub-market, although all of our commercial aftermarket sub-markets were up significantly compared to prior year Q4. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew approximately 14% and bookings grew more than 25%. Commercial aftermarket bookings are up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period, and Q4 bookings very solidly outpaced sales. To touch on a few points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles are still low, but have been modestly improving throughout fiscal 2021.  IATA recently forecast a 39% decrease in revenue passenger miles in calendar year 2022, compared to pre -pandemic levels. Within IATA 's estimate is the expectation that domestic travel will be back to 93% of pre -pandemic levels in calendar year 2022. Though the pace of the recovery remains uncertain, we continue to believe there is pent-up demand for travel as vaccine distribution expands and travel restrictions are rolled back, passenger demand across the globe will increase.  The emergence and spread of COVID variants and other future evolutions may further complicate this picture, but for now, trends remain positive. We see evidence of the pent-up demand through the recovery in domestic travel. Domestic air traffic trended upward throughout fiscal 2021.  Airlines also continue to see strength in bookings and strong demand for domestic travel, especially in the U.S. with Europe catching up. China is currently a watch point with its recent drop-off in air-traffic. The pace of the international air traffic recovery has been slow, and international revenue passenger miles have only slightly recovered.  However, vaccinations continue to increase globally, and governments across the world are starting to reduce travel restrictions, which provides for optimism on the international air traffic recovery. Cargo demand has recovered more quickly than commercial travel due to the loss of passenger belly cargo and the pickup in e-commerce.  Global cargo volumes continue to surpass pre-Covid levels, and it is generally expected that airfreight demand will likely remain robust into 2022. Business jet utilization in certain regions rebounded to pre -pandemic or better levels earlier this year and remains strong. Commentary from business jet OEMs and operators has been encouraging with these higher levels of business jet activity, may be here to stay though time will tell.  Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 2% in Q4, and approximately 5% from full-year fiscal 2020 when compared with prior-year periods. This was in line with expected revenue growth expectations we provided for fiscal 2021 of mid-single-digit percent range growth.  We continue to expect our defense business to expand due to the strength of our current order book. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we expect low single-digit percentage range growth in fiscal 2022 for a defense market revenues. Lastly, I'd like to wrap up by stating how extremely pleased I am by our operational performance throughout this fiscal year that continue to be heavily impacted by the pandemic.  Our management and their teams remained diligent and focused on our value drivers, and will continue to do so in this new fiscal year. We are ready to meet the demand as it returns. With that, I would like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Morning, everyone. I'm going to first quickly hit on profitability trends for the business. Then, address a few additional financial matters for fiscal 21, and finally, I'll provide some more detail on our expectations for fiscal '22. First, in regards to profitability for fiscal '21, EBITDA has defined of about $636 million for Q4 was up 28% versus prior year Q4. On a full-year basis, EBITDA's defined was about $2.19 billion, down 4% from the prior year.  EBITDA's defined margin in the quarter was approximately 49.7%. This represents sequential improvement in our EBITDA 's defined margin of almost 400 basis points versus Q3 of '21. Moving on, a few quick notes on the full '21 fiscal year. I want to provide one quick M&A related data point that you might find helpful for your financial models as we head into FY22.  As you know, we divested several businesses during 2021, all of which were sold out of continuing operations. As a result of the accounting treatment applied, roughly $130 million of revenue, and $25 to $30 million of EBITDA As defined from the divested operating units, remains in our FY21 results. This revenue and EBITDA will, obviously, not carry over into FY '22. On cash and liquidity. We ended the year with approximately $4.8 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 7 times. In the early days of October, we repaid the $200 million revolver draw-down that we made at the onset of COVID back in April of 2020. This was done out of an abundance of caution at the time, and we don't need the cash, so we've repaid it. Pro forma for the revolver pay down, our cash balance is $4.6 billion.  Next on the FY 22 expectations, we are not giving full guidance as Kevin mentioned, but we are providing guidance on select financial metrics, including the following: Interest expense is expected to be about $1.08 billion in FY 22 on taxes, our fiscal '22 GAAP and cash rates are anticipated to be in the range of 21% to 24%, and the adjusted tax rate will be a few points higher and in the range of 26% to 28%.  On the share count, we expect our weighted average shares outstanding will increase by about 800 thousand shares to $59.2 million in FY22, and that assumes no buybacks occurred during the fiscal year. Similar to prior years, the increase in shares outstanding is due to employee stock options that bested at the end of our FY21.  With regard to liquidity, we expect to continue running free cash flow positive throughout FY22. As we traditionally define our free cash flow from operations at TransDigm, which as a reminder is our EBITDA as defined, less debt interest payments, less CapEx, less cash taxes. We expect this metric to be in the 1 billion area, maybe a little better in Fiscal 22.  Assuming no M&A, no dividends or share repurchases, and no additional debt capital markets activities, this free cash flow generation together with a higher EBITDA figure, should the key -- should the COVID rebound continue, will likely reduce our net debt to EBITDA ratio to something more like 6 times at the end of fiscal '22, versus the current 5 times level.  Finally, one last note on the DOD Inspector General audit. As we mentioned previously, we've been actively engaged with the IG office, with some ebbs and flows, and this engagement is now complete. in our best assessment, and based upon what we saw, this audit appeared to be similar in scope to prior audits.  While it's difficult to know exactly when a final report will be issued publicly, we expect that this could happen any day now. Very likely during the first quarter of our fiscal 22. With that, I will turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question at this time,  If your has been answered and you'd like to remove yourself from the queue . Our first question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Noah Poponak : Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, Noah.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Noah Poponak : Could you spend a little bit more time on the 47% EBITDA 's defined margin target for next year? How do we bridge from the 497 exit rate of this year? And I know there's a little bit of seasonality, but if I look at all the data historically, it's not that seasonal. And it looks like you'll be mixing up based on your end market growth rate comments.
Kevin Stein: It's possible, Noah, that we could mix up. It's possible that we're being conservative. I think. there were some good news that happened in Q4, in terms of market mix and our performance. We're trying to be reasonable and transparent.  In what we see, there are a lot of unknowns that have to come to pass in terms of the commercial aftermarket bookings for this to all play out. So thats the angle we took and what we rolled up from our teams, and thinks that it makes sense for us right now. if it's conservative, that'll be great. We would love to beat that.
Noah Poponak : Okay. Sensible. And then Mike, on the cash flow inputs for next year, you had the working capital headwind this year, maybe just help us out with how that changes next year? And then CapEx, that number as a percentage of revenue is fairly high, relative to where you've been historically, what's behind that?
Mike Lisman: Sure. So first on the working capital, you'll see when we publish the 10-K later today, I don't think you have the full cash flow detail yet, but AR did tick up a bit this quarter, about $100 million went back into accounts receivable. We knew that was going to happen as a reminder from peak to trough, about $400 million came out of accounts receivable during COVID. So that's going to have to go in as we go back in, as we go through the rebound here.  It did tick up this year over the past couple of quarters, as you know, this last quarter was a $100 million that's going to continue into FY2022. Ultimately, how much goes back into AR and the pace at which that happens depends on the pace of the recovery. But we do expect it to be a use of cash on the order of at least $100 million during our FY2022, potentially more. That'd be a good problem to have, by the way. I mean, if the commercial markets rebound and we have to invest more in AR, we're happy to do that. We certainly -- we have the cash. And then sorry, Noah, your second question was on CapEx, I think.
Noah Poponak : CapEx, yes.
Mike Lisman: We put out a range of 135 to 155 today. It is slightly higher on a percentage basis. It's tied to some one-time projects at some of our OP units. As you know, our first use of cash is to go and deploy it into our own businesses to help them grow and we're just doing some of that with some large one-time projects on select OP units.
Noah Poponak : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Your question, please.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much and good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Mike Lisman: Morning.
Robert Stallard: Kevin, first question. Have you seen any supply chain issues or labor issues this quarter?
Kevin Stein: Jorge, you want to take that one?
Jorge Valladares: Sure. We've started to see some of the pushing out of lead times from the supply chain, primarily focused on electronic components. It's been spotty, nothing too significant at this point. But in all likelihood, this will get worse before it gets better.
Robert Stallard: And just a quick follow-up on that maybe. As you look at how this could pan out in 2022, you built some sort of contingency for these issues into that to EBITDA margin guidance?
Kevin Stein: I don't think we have, but this is part of the I guess conservatism. So we were -- we tried to be conservative as we forecast going forward. We haven't specifically allotted anything to supply chain disruption, but I think it is part of our belief that this could be an issue for us as we go forward as Jorge mentioned, specifically on electronic components and those types of parts, we're seeing some supply difficulty. In terms of inflationary pressures, I think we'd all agree that we will look to pass those along as we always have. We don't eat inflation in that regard.
Robert Stallard: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from UBS. Your question, please.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Maybe just a margin question again for a second. Mike, I think you mentioned the divestiture still in the '21 guidance that you'd be anniversarying in '22, it looks like that alone is, I don't know, 70 basis points of assistance on EBITDA margin. So I mean, not to beat a dead horse here, but it sounds like there's healthy amount of conservatism in the 47% unless you want to --
Kevin Stein: On the margin guide, remember we also bought Cobham too, which kind of counteracts the divestitures the other way and cancels it out. So I think that kind of negates some of the impact that you mentioned and kind of --
Mike Lisman: I think I said it was what a 0.5% drag to us.
Myles Walton: Was that a 0.5% for the quarter or for the year?
Mike Lisman: That's  '22 versus what it would've been had we not bought the Cobham Aero Connectivity business.
Myles Walton: Got it. And what was it in the quarter?
Mike Lisman: On the quarter, I think was about point -- close to a percent. Just below 1%. A couple of tens below.
Myles Walton: Perfect. And then within the aftermarket growth rate range to 20% to 30%. Kevin is there a figure of merit that you're using to ballpark that? Is that a sequential growth that's underlying? Is that a traffic growth, any formulae?
Mike Lisman: Well, I think it's traffic-growth related. And I think we're counting on that largely being U.S. - Europe related. We'll have to see how it unpacks around the globe. As you guys all know, we don't have geographical information along those lines. But we will continue to monitor this closely, if the traffic patterns come along like, we believe they might, then the other 20% to 30% planning, and I emphasize planning.  It's difficult to issue that as guidance, when as you know, aftermarket bookings tend to be booked and shipped, you don't have as much visibility. So this is for planning purposes and every business will have a slightly different plan along those lines. But we tried to give you a rollup of the range that will be based largely on takeoff and landing activity.
Myles Walton: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from RBC. Your question please.
Ken Herbert: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to follow up Kevin, on the discussion on the commercial aftermarket. I know your sequential growth has been a little lumpy over the last 3 quarters. But considering your comment on booking and ship and the bookings pace, how should we think about the sequential growth here into the fiscal first quarter of '22?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think we're concerned about the first quarter only -- I guess concerned too strong of a word. We always see a normal dip in sequential from Q4 to Q1 given the less days. So I think we were always concerned that the market doesn't accurately predict that.  To give you some reason to believe in what we're saying, the bookings came out for Q4 very strong, and we booked ahead of shipments. That's encouraging for us clearly, and means that we're setting ourselves up for a strong position into '22, but Q1 is always a little bit weaker, because of seasonal performance.
Ken Herbert: That's helpful. Again, as we think about the 25% for your planning purposes, for the aftermarket for the year, what are your assumptions on travel say, and take-offs and landings in Asia or in international markets, I know you don't have great visibility internationally, but are you anticipating a significant recovery in these numbers in international? I am just trying to get us some of the puts and takes in that 20% to 30% planning range.
Kevin Stein: Well -- and you've really zeroed in on why we struggled to give guidance on these numbers, because I don't have that visibility. I don't understand where it's going to come from. This is -- this comes as a roll-up from all of our teams who tell us, what they think they see happening in the marketplace based on what the customers are telling them. It is not -- it's not so easy for me to predict by region, by platform.  So we don't, and that's why I'm giving you some planning guidance. Instead, what we're planning on should happen, but how it actually gets to us, we don't -- it's not so clear. Where the orders are and where the shipments are. And therefore, what traffic needs to look like. And is the recovery in China, does that happen? What we're counting on is a consistent steady recovery like what we've seen. And that should give us these kinds of after mark improvement numbers.
Ken Herbert: Great. Well, thank you very much.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning, guys.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: All right, Kevin, Mike, the business was free cash flow positive even at the depths of COVID. And considering the defensibility of the business model, how are you thinking about maximum leverage that the balance sheet can support, versus what you would have thought pre-Covid? And can you discuss your appetite for large versus small deals?
Mike Lisman: Sure. On leverage, we don't anticipate any kind of change. If you went back to the pre-COVID two-year period and averaged the quarterly net debt to EBITDA levels, you get about 6.0 times almost exactly. We're comfortable operating at that level. Some of the debt incurrence test and other things in our credit agreement are based off operating at that level and we're comfortable with it.  If anything, this pandemic, as you said, has proven that the business is very durable from a free cash flow standpoint and probably sustained more leverage than historical level, we've run at that. But we do want to keep some firepower for M&A at all times, including large deals. Moving on to the second part of your question. Large deals, as Kevin mentioned, we're more active now on the M&A side at the small to mid-size range.  But there are also obviously some large potential transactions that we track from time-to-time, both on the strategic side, but then also big divestitures that could maybe come out of some of the peers of ours in the aerospace industry. So we're always looking and always on the hunt as you know, whether it's large or small, we're targeting M&A of all sizes from kind of the really low the range, below a 100 million up to a couple of billion.
Kristine Liwag: I see. If I could do a follow-up, looking at the Esterline deal, you found some jewels in there and you had also divested some businesses. It may not have necessarily fit the TransDigm model. What do you think about the opportunities for large deals -- what kind of threshold are you looking at in terms of what you want to keep, versus what you want to divest, in terms of your appetite for pursuing some of these large deals that may not be 100% TransDigm?
Mike Lisman: Yeah, it's hard to put an exact percentage on something like that. Ultimately, it depends on the on-sale risk. If there was something where it was maybe 50-50 and you had someone who wanted to buy the other 50%. That's a different situation than Esterline where we sold roughly a quarter of it. It's hard to answer that question.  But obviously, the Esterline transaction proved to us that we can go and buy something that's not 100% fit the day we own it, but then execute on M&A in the year or 2 post-deal close, to shape it down to the portfolio that we want to own forever in long term, so we do look at M&A situations like that going forward.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Your question, please. Hello. David, phone on mute.
David Strauss: Sorry about that. Can you hear me now?
Kevin Stein: Yes.
David Strauss: Okay. Great. Thanks. So Kevin, appreciate the color there on Meggitt. Just wanted to ask you about the fact that you were willing to entertain the idea of potentially getting involved in Meggitt given what appears to be pretty high valuations, what does that say about kind of the pipeline, the ability to find large arrow deals for you guys from here?
Kevin Stein: Well the -- at the end of the day, the market says, what a property is worth. And it's up to us to follow what the market says, we have to pay. We are looking for highly-engineered, proprietary aerospace products that, have aftermarket access. The size of those businesses doesn't matter, as much as we want to identify those and get them into the fold.  We believe that, we can invest in those businesses and make them stronger. We're not looking for bigger and bigger deals. Our target is to acquire $50 million to $100 million a year. That's what works on our model and allows us to keep generating the kinds of value returns that we do. We're not getting overly fixated on doing a large deal.  But when they come along, we certainly look at them, we evaluate them. And the ones that we've proceeded with, I think, we've done pretty well. The market looks -- it's definitely picking up in activity. And it's always hard to predict when a close will happen, but we're seeing some interesting activity right now. And it's encouraging.
David Strauss: Okay, thanks for that. And as a follow-up, talk about where you are today from a headcount perspective, how much you think you've taken out in structural cost through this, and where you think you ultimately need to take headcount back to -- assuming we get back to pre -pandemic levels for your business in -- call it 2023?
Kevin Stein: I don't have the numbers in front of me, Jorge can comment on that, but I think we are very disciplined in our approach to adding back, and that is one of the hallmarks of our operation's discipline. Jorge, do you want to expand on that?
Jorge Valladares: I would add the teams have done a lot of heavy lifting, in terms of restructuring and productivity focus. The last 12 months, we're pretty comfortable with the resource level that we currently have.  I think as most of the you know, as the commercial aftermarket rebound, thats not as heavy in terms of labor requirements or resource requirements. So I think I'm pretty comfortable of where the teams are at. They've done a great job. And now we just need the market to recover.
David Strauss: All right, thanks very much.
Kevin Stein: Operator?
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Steth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your question, please?
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. And good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: Just wondering in the OE end market, heard the comment about the expectations for this coming year and certainly expect the growth to pick up there. But in terms of thinking about the phasing of growth at TransDigm and how that relates to where we are in the build cycle.  We've started to see some -- at some other companies, some OE growth kind of happening already as Boeing, Airbus have picked up especially on that narrow body rates kind of ahead of that growth. And then certainly on the business  side, and it looks like you guys were low-single-digit or flattish on both of those guys, both sides of that. How do you think about the trajectory there and how are you going to relate to the progress in build rates?
Kevin Stein: Yes. In general, we found that the OEMs in the Tier 1s were a little bit slow to respond in mid-year 2020, as the pandemic was ramping up. So we believe there is some natural inventory de -stocking continuing to go on. The orders are starting to come in. As I mentioned, the bookings were up in the commercial OE in Q4.  So that's a positive indicator. I don't have the details in terms of how it lays in across fiscal year 2022, but we don't think there's any significant issue there. It's just the timing and the lag of the OEM shutting off the valve, if you will, on the supply in 2020. And now, as they continue to ramp up in production.
Seth Seifman: Great, thanks. Then just as a quick follow-up in the defense end market. I think last year you guys ended up towards the higher-end of the initial range that you gave. Is there anything to be aware of for this year that might determine either on the plus side or the minus side where things end up in defense?
Kevin Stein: No. I think the guidance that we provided is reasonable as you guys might know. Remember that defense markets in general have been very strong over the past 2 to 3 years. They can be lumpy in nature, in terms of the bookings, so I think the guidance that we're providing is within a reasonable range.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Esterline from Truist Securities. Your question please.
Peter Esterline: Hey, good morning. This is Pete on for Michael Ciarmoli. Thanks for taking our questions. First kind of question on the aftermarket, has there been any product categories that have been particularly strong or weak? Just wondering what you've been seeing on airlines spending priorities. And then also what you're seeing in the pricing environment in aftermarket.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I think in general, our passenger sub-market, which is our largest sub-market has been strong as well as the cargo, as I noted in Q4, and sequentially ramped up across 2021. I don't think we have any data that would point it to a specific type of product or application. Generally, the airlines are starting to increase their flight schedules, which are positive, and they're ordering spares based on these.
Peter Esterline: Thank you. Then just to follow up on financial guidance. Just wondering what are the key improvements or catalysts that you might be looking for in the coming periods in the overall market for you to have the confidence and the visibility to provide full financial guidance?
Mike Lisman: I think it's market recovery, international markets, people flying again on an international scale, and continued domestic travel. We know that business travel isn't a huge percentage of overall flights, but still very important to airlines and how they gear up their fleets and capacities. So this is what we'd be looking at is acceptance and continued international flight activity. More domestic recovery in other pockets around the world to look more similar to where the U.S. is, which is very close within 10% to 20% of what it was pre-COVID.  So I think those are the things we're looking at and there's still a lot of unknowns. You see the -- China's traffic activity bounced around quite a bit every couple of months. They're shutting down and then coming back. These are the things that don't give us the confidence to give guidance. But we know that the market continues to improve and move forward at a steady rate. Does that answer your question?
Peter Esterline: Yes it does. Thank you for taking the question.
Mike Lisman: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Your question, please.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the time. Maybe I'll start off on EBITDA profitability going forward, just in the absence of any major M&A and pretty good performance in the quarter. How do we think about medium-term EBITDA profitability levels, is 50%, the new level? Then if you could just comment on expectations for free cash flow conversion.
Mike Lisman: Yes, I don't think we want to get into -- go and provide any long-term guidance. I think, generally, just from our analyst day, and if we execute on the value drivers, EBITDA margins at TransDigm should improve by about 1 percentage point per year. If we come out of COVID, there's a potential that that gets mixed up a bit.  And maybe you do better if you mix more towards commercial aftermarket, but over a long span of several years, it should continue to approve for -- improve for the base business, absent M&A, by about a percentage point per year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Cool. And then, I wanted to follow-up on a defense question earlier. You mentioned the IG report came to a close, which is a big accomplishment. Was there any impact to defense during that time? And then, as your peers have had softer defense volumes, are there certain areas that you're watching, just as cautionary, in defense?
Mike Lisman: I think there's a potential for some disruption on the IG side as the report comes out just with the government purchasing, maybe slowing down a little bit. We did see some of that in the past. But remember of the defense bucket, the direct to government isn't all that significant, right? We also sell more product internationally into Tier 1, so it doesn't comprise all of that bucket, but we do potentially expect some slowdown as the report comes out here.
Kevin Stein: Yes, it's possible. But we anticipate a similar process to -- or similar conclusions to last time. We'll see as we're still in the dark on the reports and some of its details. We've had a very co-operative, I think, work process going on with the IG and the DOD. And, I think, we're in a good place, but we're anxious to get the report issued and move on with business.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Akers from Wells Fargo. Your question, please.
Matt Akers: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. Commercial aftermarket, do you think that there's still a pent-up demand there for maintenance like this airlines, this deferred stuff during COVID and now, we're going to catch-up or are we -- is that behind us at this point?
Kevin Stein: I think there's been speculation out there, in terms of the airlines trying to prioritize certain maintenance activities. It's hard for us to know, and we don't get visibility on the inventory levels at the airlines. I think just the general improvement in the marketplace and more planes flying
Jorge Valladares: have led to some of the improvements we've seen across the whole fiscal year of 2021. And as Kevin and Mike noted, we again expect some sequential improvement from quarter-to-quarter as we go through fiscal year 2022.
Matt Akers: Got it. Okay. And I guess -- I mean, does the higher fuel prices -- I mean, are your customers talking about that, as a sort of have that the large park fleet? And have they decide whether they want to keep flying those? Is that higher fuel price factor in that decision that you've heard or is that not really come up?
Jorge Valladares: I don't think we've heard anything specific to decisions the airlines might be making regarding the higher fuel costs. I haven't heard anything from our teams.
Matt Akers: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line -- Is a follow-up from Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Noah Poponak : Kevin, your comment that we should not be looking for share repurchase or special dividend in the next quarter. Can we interpret that to mean you see a reasonable likelihood of acquisition activity in that period of time? And then, if that doesn't play out, how quickly do you start to consider share repurchase or special dividend?
Kevin Stein: We can't speculate on when the acquisitions will happen. We always -- and this goes back to what I said earlier, in the uses of capital. Fund your own internal investment and payback. Look for acquisitions, and then, of course, look to get that cash back.  We will look to do that, of course, in the appropriate process that we always go through. We can't speculate on when acquisitions -- what might come along or not. We just know that right now from paying out a dividend or buying back shares, we're still in a little bit of a wait until next quarter.
Noah Poponak : Okay.
Kevin Stein: That makes sense.
Noah Poponak : Yeah, I just wasn't sure how specific that was versus taking it quarter-by-quarter.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think next quarter is a decision point for us.
Noah Poponak : Okay. Makes sense. And then the commentary on bookings ahead of shipments by end-market. Do you happen to have the numbers on exactly where the book-to-bill is by end market in the quarter and year?
Kevin Stein: No, I don't have the exact numbers.
Noah Poponak : Okay. No problem. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company. Your question, please.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you. Just to follow-up on a couple of questions. I know it's the last one. On the book-to-bill, in the aftermarket, it looks like for 3 quarters we've had bookings ahead of shipments, and 2 questions related to that. One, are all shipments at some point booked? Therefore, the book-to-bill is actually a relevant metric.  And second, what's going on there? It looks like you've been creating backlog. And I'm just curious, is that what's happening? You're seeing orders for delivery. Customers want the product, but not immediately because that -- is it a duration stretch to the backlog that you're seeing in the aftermarket? That's my first question.
Kevin Stein: Aftermarket orders for more immediate shipments. But that doesn't mean they're all due tomorrow. So there is still a little bit of a range over when these things are due. That's why it bleeds over quarter-to-quarter. In general, I think we're optimistic, because we see bookings continue to improve. And that means growth in aftermarket, as we go forward. And why we're planning on 20% to 30% possible aftermarket growth.
Gautam Khanna: Fair enough. And just to that point, so you're actually probably seeing some visibility beyond December quarter, in terms of shipments? At this point in the aftermarket, is that unusual?
Kevin Stein: That's a fair comment. I don't think it's unusual. In a steady-state, we have airlines and distribution partners that we'll book some near-term and they also give us and the team some visibility on mid and longer-term needs.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. But every book -- every shipment ultimately had a bookings, correct?
Kevin Stein: Yes, that is correct.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. It's fair enough. Just want to make sure on the nomenclature. And then the other thing just to follow up on the earlier questions. Supply chain, did it actually impede your ability to deliver some sales? Did you leave some sales on the table or their delinquencies? And if so, can you quantify how much of catch-up opportunity that might be in fiscal 22?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I would say there was nothing material in terms of what was left at the dock, if you will. There's some noise here in there at a couple of operating units. But I don't think it provides a big tailwind as we go into FY22.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And last one I'm sorry. I think, Jorge you may have mentioned the -- from the next year at a 60, a roughly at 6 times adjusting EBITDA with a billion of free cash. So the math is somewhere around 2.4 billion of adjusted EBITDA on that basis. Is that what you were trying to convey or are we just talking around our last ?
Jorge Valladares: No. We're not given guidance on the denominator there, we're simply trying to give you a rough sense for the deleveraging by about a turn per year. But if you're trying to dial in and back into the EBITDA guide or something we're -- don't do it because you're not going to get the right stat.
Kevin Stein: The way we look at this is, that when the orders come in, deliver them quicker and more reliably than anyone, and we will generate the returns and value generation we're used to -- you're used to. There's no Company you can count on to do that more reliably than us. Yeah, we're just trying to communicate that there is always push and takes and lumps in this business.
Gautam Khanna: I appreciate it, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Your question, please.
Hunter Keay: Hey, thanks. Just a couple of quick ones for you, Mike. First one is how much are you budgeting internally for TransDigm business travel spend next year relative to pre-COVID?
Mike Lisman: We're stepping up a little bit, but not quite to pre-COVID levels. I don't have the exact stats in front of me, but it's not quite back to 19 levels, but it's more than 20. For the most part, all of our folks here are back to traveling, whether it's M&A people pounding the pavement looking for deals or internal audit folks going out to OP units to do their work, we're not holding back at all here. It's pretty much full-go where we'd typically be, but it's slightly reduced headcount levels.
Kevin Stein: Business as usual, but some of our customers maybe aren't yet receiving us, but certainly within the Company, we are back to normal, yeah.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Alright, thanks. And then you mentioned a couple of projects on the CapEx line driving a little bit of higher spend, what are they? What business lines or is this defense, is this interiors, is it around freight? I mean, just not going to give any too much away, but what are the natures of these projects? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: I mean, generally we don't give that kind of detail. I could say as we continued to adjust our resource levels that puts additional pressures on increasing production rates. We've got a few teams investing in new technologies for automation projects, and then a handful of other projects across the ranch.
Kevin Stein: But the lion share of this is productivity in new business for related. It is not infrastructure nice to have kind of stuff, we were investing for payback and return. And that at the end of the day is the most important part of what we evaluate is what returns we are expecting as we invest a little more or less, we have to make sure we're still capturing those returns.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Elizbeth Granville from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Lizbeth Granville: Hi. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Lizbeth Granville: Morning. Everything about your comments and your expectations for aftermarket next year. How are you thinking about retirements with regards to that expectation?
Kevin Stein: We're not -- as the teams put together their individual plans, we're not projecting a significant impact as a result of retirements in 2022.
Mike Lisman: Yeah. As you know, retirements have been very slow, and I think that has something to do with the stability of OEM supply and a ramp up in demand that doesn't allow retirements. We -- I think that that answers the question.
Lizbeth Granville: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Question & Answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back Jaimie Stemen for any further remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes today's call. We appreciate your time. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-08-10 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 2021 TransDigm Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, Director of Investor Relations, Jaimie Stemen. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliation. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley : Good morning, and thanks to everybody for calling in. As usual, I'll provide a quick overview of our strategy, then a few comments about the organizational change we announced. And Kevin and Mike will give color on the quarter and the performance. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, some of the reasons we believe this are about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products, and over 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole-source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period of time, have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And fifth, our capital structure and capital allocation are a key part of our value-creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earning release, we had a good quarter, especially considering the market environment. We are still seeing some recovery in the commercial aerospace markets. We continue to generate significant cash. We have a little over $4.5 billion as of this quarter -- as of the end of this quarter. Absent any capital market activity or other disruptions, we should have about $4.8 billion cash by the end of September fiscal year. And we expect to steadily generate significant additional cash through fiscal year 2022. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. Both M&A and the capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially so in these times. On the divestiture front, during Q3, we completed the sale of 3 less proprietary businesses for about $240 million. At this time, we have decided not to sell the one remaining primarily defense business that we were previously considering for sale. For now, our Esterline-related divestitures are about done. At this time, I don't anticipate that we will make any significant dividend or share buyback for the next 2 quarters. We'll keep watching and see if our views change. We believe we are pretty well positioned. As usual, we'll closely watch the aerospace and the capital markets develop and react accordingly. I'd like to address the Executive Chairman to Chairman change that we announced today. Just to be very clear, there is no change in the duration of my commitment to TransDigm. My contract had a term that ran through 2024, and this modification anticipates a term through 2024, and likely beyond, if the Board and shareholders believe I continue to add value. Going forward, as Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Executive Committee, I will be particularly focused on mergers and acquisition, capital allocation and major strategic issues. I will, of course, work with Kevin to keep the underlying value of TransDigm moving forward. Both Kevin and I believe that now is a good time to move into the next phase in the transition. The Board and I believe that Kevin has done a fine job over the last 3 years as CEO and come up to speed very well. The last 3 years have been eventful. For the first roughly 18 months, Kevin and his team successfully integrated Esterline Technologies, by far the largest and most complicated acquisition in our history. For the second roughly 18 months, Kevin and his team dealt with the unprecedented COVID-19-generated downturn in our largest market, the commercial aerospace market. They responded quickly and effectively. Additionally, they kept our base business running as smoothly as possible during this tough period and began to integrate another decent-sized acquisition. No easy task given this level of market disruption. All in all, a real baptism of fire. Though there is more value to create, the heavy lifting in the Esterline integration and related portfolio adjustments are about complete. We believe that we are now starting to see some light at the end of the tunnel on the COVID-related market dislocation. So the time seems appropriate. The company also saves a little money by this. As a personal asset test -- acid test, I remain a sizable investor in TransDigm and feel very confident that Kevin will continue to create substantial value for us all. Now let me hand it over to Kevin.
Kevin Stein: Thanks, Nick. I would like to take this opportunity to personally thank Nick for his counsel, support and mentorship over the last 7 years. He has made the succession planning process a rewarding experience for both of us. I look forward to continuing our work together with this fantastic team as we embrace our modified rules. Now to the business of today. As I will first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter, I'll also comment on recent acquisition and divestiture activity and outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2021. Our current Q3 results have returned to positive growth as we are now lapping the first quarter of fiscal 2020 fully impacted by the pandemic. However, our results continue to be unfavorably impacted in comparison to pre-pandemic levels due to the reduced demand for air travel. On a positive note, the commercial aerospace industry has increasingly shown signs of recovery, with vaccination rates expanding and increased air traffic, especially in certain domestic markets. In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in commercial aftermarket revenues with total commercial aftermarket revenues up 6% over Q2. Additionally, I am very pleased that we continue to sequentially expand our EBITDA as defined margin. Contributing to this increase is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy in this challenging commercial environment. Now, we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2020. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. This market discussion includes the acquisition of Cobham Aero Connectivity. We began to include Cobham in this market analysis discussion in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. This market discussion also removes the impact of any divestitures completed by the end of Q3. In the commercial market, which typically makes up 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 1% in Q3 compared with Q3 of the prior year. Bookings in the quarter were very strong and solidly outpaced sales. Sequentially, both Q3 revenue and bookings improved approximately 10% compared to Q2. Although, we expect demand for our commercial OEM products to continue to be reduced in the short term, we are encouraged by build rates gradually progressing at the commercial OEMs. Recent commentary from Airbus and Boeing also included anticipated rate ramps for their narrow-body platforms in the near future. Hopefully, this will play out as forecasted. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues increased by approximately 33% in Q3 when compared to prior year Q3. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenues was primarily driven by increased demand in our passenger submarket, although all of our commercial aftermarket submarkets were up significantly compared to prior year Q3. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew approximately 6% in Q3. Commercial aftermarket bookings are up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period, and Q3 bookings continued to outpace sales. To touch on a few key points of consideration. Global revenue passenger miles are still low but modestly improving each month. Though the time line and pace of recovery -- of the recovery remains uncertain with expanded vaccine distribution and lifting of travel restrictions, passenger demand across the globe will increase as there is global pent-up demand for travel. The Delta variant of COVID and other future evolutions may further complicate this picture. Time will tell. We see evidence of this demand through the recovery in domestic travel. Domestic air traffic increased each month during our fiscal Q3 and into July. Airlines also continued to see strength in bookings and strong demand for domestic travel, especially in the U.S. And Europe is also starting to pick up. China has now become a watch point however. The pace of the international air traffic recovery has been slow, and international revenue passenger miles have only slightly recovered. There is potential for international travel opening more as vaccinations increase and governments across the world start to revise travel restrictions. Cargo demands has recovered quicker than commercial travel due to the loss of passenger belly cargo and the pickup in e-commerce. Global cargo volumes are now surpassing pre-COVID levels. Business jet utilization data has shown that activity in certain regions has rebounded to pre-pandemic or even better levels. This rebound is primarily due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel. Time will tell if business travel -- or business jet utilization continues to expand, but current trends are encouraging. Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 12% in Q3 when compared with the prior year period. Our defense order book remains strong and we continue to expect our defense business to expand throughout the remainder of the year. No particular program was driving this uptick as the growth was well distributed across the business. Moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $559 million for Q3 was up 32% versus prior Q3. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 45.9%. We were able to sequentially improve our EBITDA as defined margin versus Q2. Next, I will provide a quick update on our recent acquisition and divestitures. The Cobham acquisition integration is progressing well. We have now owned Cobham a little over 7 months and are pleased with the acquisition thus far. On the divestiture front, we closed the sales of Technical Airborne Components, ScioTeq and TREALITY during Q3. The divestiture of these 3 less proprietary and mostly defense businesses was previously discussed on our Q2 earnings call. As a reminder, for the divestitures, the financial results of these businesses will remain in continuing operations for all periods they were under TransDigm ownership. Now moving to our outlook for 2021. We are still not in a position to issue formal guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2021. We will look to reinstitute guidance when we have a clearer picture of the future. We, like most aero suppliers, are hopeful that we will realize a more meaningful return of activity in the second half of the calendar year. We continue to be encouraged by the recovery we have seen in our commercial OEM and aftermarket bookings throughout the fiscal year, along with the continued improvement we have seen in our commercial aftermarket revenues. As for the defense market and consistent with our commentary on the Q2 earnings call, we expect defense revenue growth in the mid-single-digit percent range for fiscal 2021 versus prior year. Additionally, given the continued uncertainty in the commercial market channels and consistent with our past commentary, we are not providing an expected dollar range for fiscal 2021 EBITDA as defined. We assume another steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue in this last quarter of our fiscal year and expect full year fiscal 2021 EBITDA margin roughly in the area of 44%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. This includes a dilutive effect to our EBITDA margin from Cobham Aero Connectivity. Mike will provide details on other fiscal '21 financial assumptions and updates. Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the company's performance in this challenging time for the commercial aerospace industry and with our commitment to driving value for our stakeholders. The commercial aerospace market recovery continues to progress, and current trends are encouraging. There is still uncertainty about the pace of recovery, but the team remains focused on controlling what we can control. We continue to closely monitor the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and are ready to meet the demand as it returns. We look forward to this final quarter of our fiscal 2021 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman : Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters. Regarding organic growth, we're now done lapping the pre-COVID quarterly comps and have therefore returned to positive growth territory. Organic growth was positive 15% on the quarter. I won't rehash the results for revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EPS, as you can see all of that information in the press release for today. On taxes, our expectations for the full year have changed. We now anticipate a lower GAAP and cash tax rate in the range of 0% to 3%, revised downward from a previous range of 18% to 22%, and an adjusted tax rate in the range of 18% to 20%. The reductions in the GAAP and cash rates for the current fiscal year are onetime in nature and were driven by the release of a valuation allowance pertaining to our net interest deduction limitation and some discrete benefits from exercises of employee stock options. Regarding tax rates out beyond FY '21, we're still monitoring potential changes in the U.S. tax code under the new administration, and we'll provide some guidance on our future rate expectations once any legislation is finalized. On interest expense, we still expect the full year charge to be $1.06 billion. Moving over to cash and liquidity. We had another quarter of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as EBITDA as defined less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes, was roughly $305 million. For the full fiscal year, we expect to continue running free cash flow-positive. And in line with our prior guidance on free cash flow, we still expect this metric to be in the $800 million to $900 million area for our fiscal '21 and likely at the high end of this range. We ended the third quarter with $4.5 billion of cash, up from $4.1 billion at last quarter end. And finally, our Q3 net debt to LTM EBITDA ratio was 7.6x, down from 8.2x at last quarter end. In coming quarters, this ratio should at worst remain relatively stable, but more likely continue to show gradual improvement as our commercial end markets rebound. The pace of this improvement remains highly uncertain and will depend heavily on the shape of the commercial end-market recovery. From an overall cash, liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed commercial environment for quite some time. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: Kevin, you are still looking for EBITDA as defined margins, I think, of 44% for the year, but you had this uptick in the third quarter. I guess the year-to-date is 44%. Are you expecting the margin mix to deteriorate in the last quarter? Or is this just a little bit of conservatism?
Kevin Stein : Hopefully, we're conservative. We feel comfortable given the visibility we have right now that 44% makes sense. So hopefully, it's conservative and we'll do better. We're not anticipating anything detrimental in the fourth quarter.
Robert Spingarn : Okay. And then just in the past, I think you've characterized the cost structure at about 30% labor, 50% materials and 20% other. With all the moving pieces and the cost takeout over the last 1.5 years, how, if at all, have those ratios changed on a go-forward basis?
Mike Lisman : Yes. The 30% -- I think it was 35%, 50% and 15% to be more specific. And then the -- not really any material changes. Those are the kind of percentages that stuck around for a while and it's not -- the 35% is not labor.
Robert Spingarn : Okay. So which is it? Just to clarify...
Mike Lisman : About 15%, rough justice, is all other, 50%'s material and some direct costs and 35%'s overhead. And there are some labor elements in there.
Nick Howley : But it's almost all wages and benefits.
Mike Lisman : Yes. Wages and benefits.
Nick Howley : Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Strauss of Barclays.
David Strauss : Mike, you talked about, it sounds like, your measure for cash generation coming in towards the higher end. What has been better than you expected this year? I guess it's working capital. But specifically within working capital, what's been better? And as we think about things continuing to improve in the next year, what do you expect for working capital?
Mike Lisman : Yes. It is namely the working capital. Specifically within the working capital buckets, we're doing better on accounts receivable, most importantly. Inventory has been a little bit of improvement as well, but accounts receivable has been the main driver. Typically, our business tracks at something like 57, 58 days on DSO days, but we're down now closer to 50. Quite a bit of working capital has come out of the business, $350 million, $400 million out of AR. Over time, as we get further into the recovery, that's going to have to go back into accounts receivable so it will be a use of cash. The pace at which that happens depends on the pace of the recovery, and we have the cash to support it and fuel that increase, of course. It's kind of a good problem to have. But it will be a $350 million to $400 million headwind as we come out of this.
David Strauss : Okay. And the comment around getting back to capital deployment, is that really just governed by when you get back to, call it, looks like right around 6x net leverage? Is that really the biggest governing factor at this point?
Mike Lisman : On dividend and share repurchases, I think, is what you're referring to rather than M&A. I think for now, we just want to be conservative and keep the cash that we have as we come out of the current situation that our end markets are in. And then we'll assess things real-time. On average, 6x net debt to EBITDA is where the business has operated historically. We see no rationale or reason to change that going forward. Now it's obviously elevated at 7.6x. So we'll give it some time to settle down. And then we assess the repurchase and dividend alternatives quarterly.
Nick Howley : And options.
David Strauss : Okay. It looks like you're going to get back to around 6x early in calendar year 2022. Is that right?
Mike Lisman : It's going to keep ticking down. I think I don't -- future leverage levels, we haven't given guidance yet. So it's hard to say. It depends on the pace of the recovery here. But it's going to -- it should keep ticking down, as I mentioned in my comments, just as the end markets improve. Couple of [tenths of a point] quarterly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Myles Walton of UBS.
Myles Walton : Kevin, I was wondering if you could comment on the bookings trends in the quarter. I know you said the book-to-bill was greater than 1 in aftermarket, but maybe sizing it sequentially. I think last quarter, it was up sequentially 30%. I don't know where the booking is better sequentially as well this quarter.
Kevin Stein : Yes. For year-to-date, we're up considerably. For the quarter, we are -- it can be lumpy. So you're right to say that it's a little bit off, down 7%. We were up significantly last quarter. We still are booking more than we're shipping in both quarters. So I think that's also the way to look at it.
Myles Walton : Okay. And anything with respect to the channels you're seeing? Your distribution channels, in particular, any signs of them having inventory stocks or destocks? Or is this progressing as normally as you'd expect?
Kevin Stein : I think it's progressing reasonably normally. They're placing orders. We're filling them. They're -- distribution is a smaller part of our business than it used to be. It's somewhere below 20% of our business now. The rest of it, we handle directly in the aftermarket. And their POS, their sales to the market look similar to ours, quite frankly. So the business is performing about how we would expect. We don't offer volume-based discounts for a significant percentage of our business. So it doesn't encourage overstocking in the channel.
Myles Walton : Okay. And Nick or Kevin, any update on the DoD IG audit?
Kevin Stein : Yes. The DoD IG audit, we look to have a rough draft this fall and a publication shortly thereafter. We still have not seen that but still anticipate -- and still, quite frankly, anticipate similar conclusions to prior audits. So that's what we see right now. We have closely worked with the DoD, the IG, in regular weekly meetings to review information data and build a working group to continue to improve our relationship with the DoD and the important players on the defense side of the house. So that's what we know so far. But yes, sometime this fall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag : In aftermarket, Kevin, can you provide more color in terms of action events that are driving the strong bookings? Are these driven by general air traffic recovery demand? Or are there specific events like aircraft coming off storage that's driving this incremental growth?
Kevin Stein : I think it has to be all of the above. We're certainly seeing whatever destocking they had come to an end. But we are seeing increased takeoff and landing cycles, which we think are important to follow this industry and certainly preparing for future capacity and needs. I think all 3 are at play here. I don't have any ability to differentiate which one is the most important, but I think they're all happening.
Kristine Liwag : And on divestitures, you mentioned that you're not proceeding with that one defense divestiture. Can you provide more color on what happened there? And also, overall, how do you think about the portfolio? Do you foresee future divestitures coming up?
Mike Lisman : Yes. On the first question on the divestiture, ultimately, any divestiture for us, it just comes down to a question of value and whether or not the offer's on the table or prices which you're a seller. For us, the expectation wasn't met here, so we're happy to go on owning this business. In the early innings of the Esterline integration, we divested the pieces quickly that didn't fit us most, and we're happy to go on owning the businesses for which the value expectation just wasn't met.
Kristine Liwag : And for future divestitures in terms of your portfolio, are there things that you're earmarking for potential sale?
Mike Lisman: Not at this time. As Nick said in his comments, we've now pretty much done most of -- completed most of the Esterline divestitures that we anticipated doing. And this last one, we're happy to go on owning.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Arment of Baird.
Peter Arment : Kevin, Nick, Mike, nice results. Kevin, you made a comment on China just being a watch item. Maybe you could just give us a little -- what are your international kind of sales mix is or just in general, if you want to break it down by region, just domestic --
Kevin Stein : We don't break down our sales by region. It's difficult for us to tell as we sell to airlines, we -- still sell 20% or so through distribution. So it's difficult for me to tell you geographic split. Obviously, we follow the takeoff and landings, flight cycles very closely. Many of you publish different reports on that. And what we've seen recently is similar to what we saw a few months ago, China domestically will have a -- will retreat and then come back. And we're in a retreat period right now. I can only assume that's because of something COVID-related, but I don't know beyond that. So hence, why I say it's a watch item. Obviously, our visibility and knowledge of what's happening on the ground there is somewhat limited.
Peter Arment : Okay. And just as a quick follow-up, just your liquidity continues to be very good and new cash generation. Can you talk about maybe just your appetite for on the M&A front? I know you've completed all your divestitures. Just if you're seeing much or you're having confidence of looking at any commercial aerospace deals?
Nick Howley : We just -- we're always actively looking at the aerospace businesses, and we remain active. We're not constrained at all here. We're only constrained by good ideas, but we don't -- we just don't comment on anything that's -- anything that we're working on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu : Nick, congrats on the move. I like how you squeezed that in there that you're going to save TransDigm some money. So my first question is on defense. The business is 1/3 of your business, and it's growing 12%. That's pretty surprising, given what we've seen from other suppliers. Kind of can you maybe parse your defense exposure, if at all, and how you kind of expect that to trend?
Kevin Stein : Yes. We have seen solid growth in defense this year. It is obviously an important segment. We continue to look for opportunities to prune that, as you've just heard. And we're happy with our defense portfolio today. As I look forward, I think continued modest growth will be the future. I think there's enough political -- geopolitical unrest in the world that will continue this. We are also not involved in the sort of the boots on the ground part of defense. So we're on the technology, the unmanned. We're in space. I think we're on the right side of defense business to continue to grow. As I looked at our growth for the quarter, I couldn't really point to one program that was leading the day. It's nice growth across the board. Our parachutes business has been doing well. The F-35 business has continued to do well for us, but it's really across the board.
Sheila Kahyaoglu : Okay. Cool. And then on commercial aftermarket, it's trending at about 65% of 2019 revenue. Correct me if I'm wrong on that stat. But do you kind of expect that to improve every quarter from here? Or does it stall out as we kind of see like hiccups in China or Asia Pac air traffic?
Kevin Stein : I would expect this to be lumpy. I would expect there to be fits and starts. I don't think you're going to have a seamless perfect growth out of this. But I still expect things to be moving in the improving direction. But it doesn't mean -- much like we say defense can at times be lumpy, we've said from the beginning that we anticipate this recovery will also be lumpy in the way we ship product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cowen.
Gautam Khanna : I was wondering if you could elaborate on the trends you saw during the quarter and through July in the aftermarket and in commercial OE. Sort of month-by-month, where things just getting better and better, kind of how it compared to the exit rate at last quarter's end?
Kevin Stein : Things have improved. They were improving monthly, much like -- if you look at the world's global takeoff and landings, it continued to improve. Europe has come back. That's certainly driving our business on the commercial aftermarket side. Does that -- maybe refine your question.
Gautam Khanna : Yes. No, that's -- I guess, I'm wondering, is it sort of broad-based across the product suite? Is it -- we talked about lumpiness. I'm just curious if there's -- was any 1 month substantial? Is there any trend to discern, i.e. April better than March, May way better than June? Like is there anything
Kevin Stein : I don't think so. I think things are gradually improving, and the bookings are gradually improving. Within the quarter, you can get lumpiness within the quarter as well. So what we look at is our -- is flight activity continuing to ramp up, and it is. And that's what gives us encouragement for the future. We also see an order book that's up significantly year-over-year and sequentially is improving.
Gautam Khanna : And are there any areas in the portfolio that are -- in the aftermarket portfolio of products that are still lagging like interiors, Schneller? I'm just curious, are you seeing certain items being bought
Kevin Stein : We've seen some improvement from Schneller business. Sorry, we've seen some improvement from Schneller business. We've also seen some of -- our higher-volume runners have been slower on some products, some of our larger aftermarket businesses is the way I mean. But in general, it's happening across the business. I don't think we're seeing any loss of business, any loss of shipset content as we go forward. We continue to monitor the PMA and used market very closely. So anything that's happening is just timing in the marketplace and airlines picking and choosing what they're working on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hunter Keay of Wolfe Research.
Hunter Keay : I was wondering if you talk about biz jets a little bit. You obviously have been noting it's leisure-oriented. You've been saying that now for a while. I'm kind of curious, is -- are these individually owned aircraft? Are these corporate fleets that are being used for personal trips? Is it wheels up? I mean I'm trying to get a sense for sort of how demand and usage in that market is translating to what we're seeing in the aftermarket sales for you guys.
Kevin Stein : Well, we've certainly seen an uptick in biz jet cycles, I think, up quite dramatically this last quarter. We're getting back close to the pre-pandemic levels. I think the bulk of it is still leisure-oriented, it has to be. Most of travel is leisure-oriented. I think we're starting to see some business travel mix in there. But business jet has been a bright spot, but it's a very small part of our business, I think about 15%.
Hunter Keay : Got it. Okay. And then on R&D, you saw a decent uptick last year in R&D dollar spend in fiscal '20 despite COVID. Kind of curious how much of that is sort of organic growth versus maybe incremental spend that you acquired from companies that you bought. And sort of just looking forward where you're going to prioritize your R&D dollars over the next couple of quarters.
Mike Lisman : Do you mean, Hunter, a step-up on a dollar basis or a percent of revenue basis?
Hunter Keay : No, not percentage basis. Yes, that was exactly -- is it just a function of just being bigger or also just -- 
Mike Lisman : On a dollar basis, it's likely a function of it being bigger. Generally, when we acquire businesses, we tend to keep the R&D in place. And so that could be what's driving the step-up that you're seeing on a dollar basis.
Kevin Stein : It's -- we run R&D through our individual businesses. So it's a function of the programs and what they do at our individual. We don't have a central R&D team, as you probably know. So this is all linked to programs and projects locally for the business.
Hunter Keay : Got it. And then sort of prioritizing going forward R&D spend, any particular areas you're going to be focused on?
Mike Lisman : It varies by individual op unit. They all decide where to invest their dollars. They run their own R&D budgets.
Kevin Stein : Yes. We'll work on good stuff. Nick is telling me we only work on good stuff. And I think he's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli of Truist Securities.
Michael Ciarmoli : Maybe Nick or Kevin, is there any way to parse out what the drag currently is on the aftermarket revenues in terms of like wide-body, narrow-body? I mean, obviously, the bulk of the utilization we're seeing is still narrow-body-driven. Are you guys able to kind of give any specifics to maybe what you're seeing as you're looking at product getting pulled into distribution or what the airlines are buying? Are you seeing any noticeable pickup there? Or is wide-body still a pretty big headwind?
Kevin Stein : Yes. I assume given the takeoff and landing that it's a reasonable headwind for us. But we're market-weighted. So you have to look at what's flying. Recently, we've seen more wide-bodies flying domestic routes, A350s and 787s and the like doing longer domestic routes than they did previously. So I think as we look at the business, we've been slightly surprised that wide-body doing a little better than we thought it would given what we thought was just a narrow-body -- largely narrow-body market. So we don't have it all split out, and we don't look at it that way on a quarterly-quarterly basis. But we tend to be market-weighted here, and so we follow the takeoffs and landings.
Michael Ciarmoli : Got it. On that takeoff and landings, it looks like through August here, there's probably some flattening on that activity and down mid-20% versus '19. You're not going to give us full guidance, but I think The Street's got probably modeled for up sequentially into the fourth quarter, 8.5%, 9%. I mean based on the trends you're seeing -- obviously, APAC going a bit backwards here. I mean, anything we should be aware of going into the quarter or next couple of quarters here?
Mike Lisman : Just on the outlook and as it refers to FY '22 guidance, I think we don't want to give guidance yet. We don't want to give guidance just for the sake of giving guidance. We think we'll give it when the market stabilizes and we feel like we can accurately predict what's to come. So for now, it's hard to give too much commentary on what the next couple of quarters will look like given the lumpiness of the recovery.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Seth Seifman of JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman : Just wanted to ask about the -- a portion of the improved gross -- adjusted gross margin and EBITDA margin, it looks like it came from an uptick in loss contract amortization. It looks like it was about $20 million in the quarter, which was a tick off from Q2. What is it that drives that? And how should we think about where it's headed?
Mike Lisman : Yes. Seth, there are puts and takes every quarter on the accounting side. You get pluses from a loss contract reserve release, but there must be a couple of minuses from reserve increases on issues that arise that go against EBITDA. This quarter, we netted to a spot that's not that different from where we typically end up every quarter. But you're right, the loss contract reserve did step up a bit. It was $20 million this quarter. Last year, same quarter was about $7 million or $8 million. So it did step up. And what drives it is, from an accounting standpoint, it's a GAAP convention. It's tied to individual loss contracts and products and based on when they ship you release the reserves.
Seth Seifman : Okay. Okay. Great. And then Kevin or Nick, do you guys think at all about the new sort of aggressive Antitrust regime that the Biden administration is trying to implement and what that could mean for capital deployment going forward?
Nick Howley : I mean I just -- this is Nick. I just don't have any way of making any judgment on that. So I just don't want to comment. I just --
Kevin Stein : Yes. It's difficult for us to get into the political sphere. So we will react as things -- but not speculate.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Jaimie Stemen for closing remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes today's call. We appreciate your time, and have a good rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-05-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2001 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2021 second quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the Company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The Company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA specifically, EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliation. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning. Thanks, everybody, for calling in. As usual, I'll start off with a quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter, and then Kevin and Mike will expand and give more color. To reiterate, we're unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products and over 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period of time have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a second -- a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with our shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocation of our capital are key parts of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had another decent quarter considering the environment. We see a bit more light at the end of the tunnel, but are still in a pretty tough commercial aerospace market environment. On a positive note, we saw another significant sequential increase in quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings in Q2. This is the second quarter in a row with a significant step-up. The stalling of the air travel recovery that concerned us last quarter, those still spotty looks somewhat better now but may have pushed a ramp-up a quarter or so out. The two most important operating items we have focused on through this downturn were on the things we can, to some degree, control: one, tightly managing our cost, and I think we have this well in hand. Second, assuring substantial liquidity and this also seems well in hand. Absent some large additional dislocation or shutdown, we should come out of this with substantial firepower. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our allocation. Both the M&A and the capital markets are always difficult to predict, and especially so in times like these. But in Q2, we acquired the Cobham Aero Connectivity business for an enterprise value of $965 million. On the divestiture front, in the last 60 days, we signed agreements to sell three additional less proprietary and mostly defense businesses for about $240 million. Collectively, these businesses have revenues of roughly $180 and EBITDA margins in the low 20%. We expect to receive all the proceeds in Q3. We still have one primarily defense business that we are currently considering for sale. At this time, I do not anticipate that we will make any significant dividend or share buybacks for the next three or four quarters or at least until the commercial market show stronger signs of a rebound, and our leverage level settles down a bit, but we'll keep watching and see if our view changes over time. We believe we are about as well positioned as we can be right now, and we'll watch for market developments and react accordingly. And now let me hand it over to Kevin to review our performance.
Kevin Stein: Thanks Nick. Today, I will first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter. I'll also comment on recent acquisition activity and fiscal 2021 outlook. During our Q2 fiscal 2021 quarter, there continued to be a significant unfavorable impact on our business as a result of the reduced demand for travel due to the pandemic. However, the commercial aerospace industry has continued to show signs of recovery in recent months with the distribution of the COVID-19 vaccine and increasing air traffic, especially in certain domestic markets. In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in commercial aftermarket revenues, with total commercial aftermarket revenues up 12% over Q1. Additionally, I am very pleased that we continue to sequentially expand our EBITDA as defined margin as a result of careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy in this challenging commercial environment. Now we will review our revenue by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the period -- the prior year period in 2020. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. This market discussion now includes the recent acquisition of Cobham Aero Connectivity and removes the impact of any divestitures completed by the end of Q2. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 43% in Q2 when compared with Q2 of the prior year period. We continue to assume the demand for our commercial OEM products will be significantly reduced throughout the remaining half of 2021 due to reductions in OEM production rates in the airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders. Longer term, the commercial aerospace market is fluid and continues to evolve. We anticipate a depressed commercial OEM end market for some uncertain period of time when compared to pre-COVID levels; however, recent commentary from Airbus on potential A320 rate ramps in 2022 and beyond are certainly encouraging. On a positive note, Q2 bookings demonstrated strong sequential improvement of over 20% compared to Q1 bookings and solidly outpaced sales. As we mentioned last quarter, the bookings improvement we are seeing is likely an indicator of OEM destocking slowing. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion, total commercial aftermarket revenues declined by approximately 39% in Q2 when compared to prior year Q2. This quarterly decline was primarily driven by decreased demand in our passenger and interior submarkets. However, our commercial transport freight market returned to modest growth and slightly offset this decline. To repeat, sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew approximately 12% in Q2, another encouraging data point. Commercial aftermarket bookings were still down this quarter compared to the same prior year period. However, the bookings declined less than the observed flight traffic declines with freight and business jet bookings continuing to improve. Q2 bookings sequentially improved almost 30% and solidly outpaced sales. This is likely the result of destocking slowing in airlines, increased flight activity and future planning. To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles are still low, though off the bottom and now recovering. IATA's most recent forecast expects that calendar year 2021 revenue passenger miles will be 57% below 2019, but we are cautiously optimistic. There was an uptick in domestic air traffic in March and April, and airlines are seeing strength in bookings that will drive summer flight schedules. Certain airlines have already announced domestic wide-body routes to serve the anticipated demand this summer. IATA does forecast a strong second half of calendar 2021, with a rebound in domestic travel in the U.S. back at 2019 levels of revenue passenger miles and China well above that level. There is also potential for international travel openings more as governments consider revising travel restrictions. For cargo demand, this was weaker prior to the COVID-19 crisis as FTKs have declined from the all-time high in 2017. However, a loss of passenger belly cargo and the pickup in e-commerce has helped cargo operations to recover quicker than commercial travel. Business jet utilization data has shown that activity in certain regions has rebounded to pre-pandemic or better levels. This is due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel at this time. It remains to be seen if business jet utilization will continue to expand, but current trends are encouraging. We believe there is a global pent-up demand for travel. We see evidence of this demand through the recovery in domestic travel specifically in the U.S. and China and the optimism of airlines for the summer season. Domestic travel is currently benefiting from international travel restrictions and could offset some lost international travel in the market. In due time, with vaccine distribution and lifting of travel restrictions, passenger demand across the global increase. Historically, personal travel is accounted for the largest percentage of revenue passenger miles and forecasts still indicate a more meaningful pickup in personal travel in the back half of this calendar year, followed later by business travel. And we are hopeful this will be the case. Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 8% in Q2 when compared with the prior year period. Our defense order book remains strong, and we continue to expect our defense business to expand throughout the remainder of the year. Moving now to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $519 million for Q2 was down 23% versus prior Q2. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 43.5%. We were able to improve our EBITDA as defined margin approaching 100 basis points sequentially and despite the acquisition dilution from the recent Cobham acquisition of about 100 basis points as well. Next, I will provide a quick update on our recent acquisition. The Cobham acquisition integration is progressing well under the leadership of one of our experienced EVPs, Joel Reese. We have now owned Cobham a little over four months, and we are pleased with the acquisition thus far. We have split Cobham into two operating unions -- units, Canyon Aero Connect located in Prescott, Arizona; and Shelton Limited located in Marlow U.K. two experienced TransDigm presidents are leading the integration of these two operating units. Now moving to our outlook for 2021. We are still not in a position to issue formal fiscal 2021 sales EBITDA as defined in net income guidance at this time. We will look to reinstitute guidance when we have a clearer picture of the future. We, like most aero suppliers, are hopeful that we will realize a more meaningful return of activity in the second half of the calendar year. For now, we are encouraged by the recovery in our commercial OEM and aftermarket bookings in the first half of our fiscal year, along with the improvement we have seen in our commercial aftermarket revenues. As for the defense market and an update to our defense revenue growth comments on the Q4 and Q1 earnings calls previously, we now expect defense revenue growth in the mid single-digit percent range for fiscal 2021 versus prior year. The previous expectation communicated for fiscal 2021 defense revenue growth was low to mid single-digit growth. Additionally, given the continued uncertainty in the commercial market channels and consistent with our past commentary, we are not providing an expected dollar range for fiscal 2021 EBITDA as defined. We assume a steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue going forward and expect full year fiscal 2021 EBITDA margin roughly in the area of 44%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. This includes a dilutive effect to our EBITDA margin from aero -- from the Cobham Aero Connectivity acquisition. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2021 financial assumptions and updates. Let me conclude by stating that I am pleased with the Company's performance in this challenging time for the commercial aerospace industry and with our commitment to driving values for our stakeholders. The commercial aerospace market is -- its recovery is underway and current trends are encouraging. There is still uncertainty about the pace of the recovery but the team remains focused on controlling what we can control. We are closely monitoring the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and ensure that we remain ready to meet the demand as it returns. We look forward to the remaining half of 2021 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. With that, I will now turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters for the quarter and then also the full fiscal year. For the quarter, organic growth was negative 20%, driven by the declines in our commercial end markets and despite some healthy defense growth in the quarter. I won't rehash the results for revenue, EBITDA and EPS, as you can see all of that info in the press release. On taxes, our expectation for the full year is unchanged. That is, we still anticipate our GAAP cash and adjusted rates to be in the 18% to 22% range. Regarding tax rates out beyond FY '21, we're monitoring potential changes in the U.S. tax code under the new administration, and we'll provide some guidance on our future rate expectations once any legislation is finalized. On interest expense, we now expect the full year charge to be $1.06 billion, reduced from prior guidance primarily for the refinancing activity completed this year. You can find this revised interest expense guidance and then a few other updated financial assumptions on Slide 6 of today's supplemental presentation. Moving over to cash and liquidity. We had another quarter of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as our EBITDA is defined less cash interest payments, cash CapEx and cash taxes, was roughly $146 million. For the full fiscal year, we expect to continue running free cash flow positive as we define this metric. In line with our prior November guidance, we still expect this amount to be in the $800 million area, maybe a little better for our fiscal '21. We ended the second quarter with $4.1 billion of cash, down from $4.9 billion at last quarter's end. Note that last quarter's $4.9 billion balance was prior to the Cobham acquisition for an enterprise value of $965 million that closed on January 5. Pro forma for the closing of this acquisition, our Q2 net debt to LTM EBITDA ratio was 8.2x. With our last pre-COVID quarter now having rolled out of the LTM EBITDA computation, we believe that the net debt-to-EBITDA ratio as of our second quarter end is at or very close to its peak. In subsequent quarters, it should at worst remain relatively stable, but more likely start to show gradual improvement as our commercial end markets rebound. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed commercial environment for quite some time. Lastly, and shifting gears from financial matters, I'd like to provide a quick update on our ongoing U.S. DoD IG audit. We've been actively engaged with the IG office with some ebbs and flows and continue to work through the audit process. And our best assessment and based upon what we see, this ongoing audit appears to be similar in scope to our prior audits. While it's difficult to know exactly when a final report could be issued publicly, we expect that this might happen sometime during Q3 or Q4 of our fiscal '21. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Myles Walton. Your question please.
Myles Walton: Nick, you made a comment around likely not doing repurchase or dividends for the next several quarters. And I'm just curious why take it off the table, given you can't predict the outcome of the M&A environment and you generally thought about not retaining a cash drag for too long?
Mike Lisman: Yes. I think, Myles...
Kevin Stein: Mike, do you want to take it?
Mike Lisman: Yes. Now as we've mentioned a couple of times in the past, until we see a couple more months and quarters of recovery here, I think the bias is just to be conservative with the cash and what we do with it and hold a larger balance for now until the situation in the commercial end markets improves. So it's not much more than that.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then maybe a clarification. Is the OEM, do you think that has also troughed? I think, sequentially, it declined again. Is there -- as the booking strength looks like it probably is indicative of that troughing, but can you just confirm what the sequential decline was there?
Kevin Stein: I think the bookings seems -- that seems to indicate that we've troughed, I would believe, but we'll see how it plays out. I don't anticipate any future revisions to production rate down. So I would assume that.
Myles Walton: Was there a particular unit that you're seeing it in? Is it -- I imagine...
Kevin Stein: No.
Myles Walton: Wide-body focused and out of airframe?
Kevin Stein: No.
Myles Walton: No?
Kevin Stein: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn. Your question please.
Robert Spingarn: In terms of the booking strength, especially as it comes through sequentially here and focusing on the aftermarket, Nick or Kevin, do you have any sense when that will translate into some spike in sales? I know you've said you don't have enough year to guide. But between your conversations with your customers and the bookings, is there any sense of which quarter we're going to see an improvement in sales, that's notable aftermarket?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think that we've seen strong sequential improvement in aftermarket bookings. We've also seen some in OEM bookings. I think what we need to see is more flight activity that will give us a breakout quarter. I think we're just starting to see ourselves come out of this. I'll remind you that our thoughts when we went into this year were somewhat flat Q1 and Q2 with a slight uptick in the second half, nothing dramatic. I still think we're on that pace. But for a real breakout, which I think is what you're driving at and when do these orders come through, it's going to take more flight activity, I think. We're just at the beginning of the takeoff, I think. And we need more positive signs of that that lends itself to Mike's answer for the last question as well. We just need to see more stability here, more consistent performance for us to feel comfortable with the future quarters. We know that we book up to two years out on OEM. And so it's harder to predict when OEM orders will come in. Aftermarket orders tend to be more book and ship, you would expect that there will be more good news on the closer horizon. But there's still a lot to be seen.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then, Kevin, just as a follow-up, you have done very well managing the business through the downturn, but I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about your playbook for managing through this upturn when it comes. And how you deal with input cost pressures and then potential, I suppose, labor shortfalls?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think it's the same approach and attack plan as always. We are very disciplined in adding back costs. We will do so in a very disciplined manner. We will pass along, of course, increased costs in terms of inflationary pressures. We will practice the same playbook as always as we go through this. I think this will work very well for TransDigm. As we come out of this, we will see improved, I think, margin position as we come out of this, given the cost reductions that we've done as well as what has happened with some value pricing.
Robert Spingarn: And is labor available if you need it?
Kevin Stein: As what is going to return first in this market is aftermarket and that requires less labor. Its OEM builds that drive OEM demand that drives labor needs quite significantly. I'm not saying that we won't need to hire, but the aftermarket recovery is less labor-intensive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss. Your question please.
David Strauss: The 12% sequential improvement in the aftermarket that you highlighted, can you maybe just directionally talk about it, Kevin, from the perspective of engine versus interiors versus passenger, what you're seeing?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I would say, in general, our sales in the aftermarket, we've seen strengths in aftermarket freight. We've seen some general strength in business jet. Our transfer business is sort of on par and some of our interiors, which tend to be a little more discretionary lag. Does that answer your question?
David Strauss: Yes. I guess, on the more discretionary side of things, the interior side, maybe some of the passenger stuff, are you starting to see any pickup there at all? Or is it mainly concentrated on the less discretionary engine side of things?
Kevin Stein: I think it's more concentrated on the less discretionary, but we are seeing some uptick from some of our more discretionary businesses that have seen some need to refurbish planes around the world. I think we've seen some orders and interest from unknown corners of the world. So it's the discretionary side is doing okay, but it is weaker than the other piece. I think that makes sense given that as airlines are recovering, they're more worried about putting people in the seats than some of the look and feel just yet, but we're starting to see that ever so slightly changed.
David Strauss: Okay. And then following up on Rob's question. So from a cost-reduction standpoint, I know you've highlighted the headcount reduction. But can you give us some, I guess, specific examples of what maybe you've done for more of the structural cost standpoint, any facilities that you've taken out during this or are things that for sure aren't going to come back when we get to the other side?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We have fundamentally looked at some of our businesses, some of their locations. They have satellite facilities and offices that we have looked to close, consolidate underperforming business segments for them. We've taken this opportunity to streamline, combine effectively to lower cost. There's also been a number of, of course, cost productivity programs, automation that we've been able to implement. This has been an ongoing effort. We've continued to invest at the same or in an even accelerated rate in some of our facilities for automation and cost reductions during this time. So it continues to bear out for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland. Your question please.
Carter Copeland: Nick, I know you hate to guess, but I want to sort of put you on the spot and ask you. You've seen several cycles at this point and watch how M&A goes, and I know people don't want to sell assets at the bottom because the EBITDA is depressed. But now as we start thinking about recovery and when we get to a point where assets could trade on EBITDA numbers that feel a little bit firmer, would you guess that 2023 is one of those sort of recovered years where you begin to close the bid-ask spreads because people have a bit more conviction in the EBITDA? Or is that still too early? Just some historical perspective apply what do you think?
Nick Howley: I would sure hope so, Carter. I would sure hope so. I'd be surprised -- I see a lot of it in '22, just on the same -- maybe you get lucky and something comes along. But I'd say again, probably if you don't have a reason to sell and you have a good commercial business, you're probably not. Now there could be things that are attractive enough and get close enough to the edge that we're willing to pay a little more to try and make them happen. But that's very -- I just can't predict that right now.
Carter Copeland: Yes. Okay. And then one for Kevin, just on the business jet OE fronts, how much of a lead -- is it too early to have conversations with OEM customers about potential production rate increases there. Have you had any of those yet? Any color you can give us on that end market?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think we're starting to hear from Airbus of rate readiness, notifications of ramp in narrow-body rates. It seems to make sense. It seems like there will be a hole in the market that they need to fill. We will be ready to fulfill that as it comes to pass. Makes sense that there will be some of that need, though.
Carter Copeland: What about on the business jet side?
Kevin Stein: Business jet has been really robust, both in aftermarket OEM activity in general. I'm encouraged there, although we'll have to see how it plays out, that is it just leisure and or is it business jet use, what happens here. But right now, it's been a brighter segment for us. Now it's only 10% to 15% of our business. So it's not a massive driver on just the business jet side, but it's still interesting.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert. Your question please.
Ken Herbert: Yes. Kevin, I first wanted to ask on your defense sales, I mean you called out OEM revenue growth better than aftermarket. Can you parse those out? And can you comment specifically on the defense aftermarket? And are you may be seeing any trends there that are at all worrisome?
Kevin Stein: We're not. I think we're really bullish about the order book on the defense side. We always see lumpiness and I've talked about it in the past, APKWS, parachute orders on lumpiness on OEM, sometimes those orders ship. Sometimes the bookings are delayed. We've seen strength in aftermarket recent bookings in aftermarket, defense aftermarket have been strong. So I'm not feeling like there's any weakness, any program concerns. As you know, the defense budgets are coming through right now. And I think TransDigm is in a great position because we are on the capability extension, the technological advancement curve, we're not boots on the ground, so to speak. So it puts us in a good place for the market in the future. So both short term and long term, I'm reasonably optimistic about the defense budget and situation for us.
Ken Herbert: Okay. Very helpful. And if I could, on the commercial aftermarket, you grew in your fiscal first quarter, 5% sequentially, now 12% this quarter. Was any part of that step-up attributable to or can you comment on maybe average order sizes you're seeing or maybe any urgency around the orders, expedited shipment costs or benefits or anything of that nature?
Kevin Stein: We don't offer volume discounts. So we're not -- in our aftermarket, we don't give you a better price if you buy 100 pieces versus one, generally speaking. So there's not the market drive to get ahead of anything. What we're seeing is that this is not overly discretionary driven. It's a lot of consumable parts that they need. And there's some urgency coming out of it. We're starting to hear of some urgent need, urgent orders. I'll tell you that our POS with our distribution is running very similar to what we see so all indicators are that the business is generally starting to recover, like you said, 5% sequential in Q1, 12% now and an order book that continues to expand.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay. Your question please.
Hunter Keay: Do you have a preference of a greater mix of leased versus owned aircraft in the global fleet?
Kevin Stein: I don't know that we do. Generally speaking, leased folks might -- historically have had more restrictions on PMA and other things. But generally speaking, to us, it doesn't matter.
Hunter Keay: Okay. And then we know that you're pretty well protected on the demand side from inflation and pricing passing through costs, a pretty clear track record of that. But what about the supply side of the house? Can you remind us how you're structured there with your suppliers and how you might protect against raw material increases?
Kevin Stein: Well, we won't be able to protect against raw material increases. We will have to pass them along through our indices and price increases that we have and the mechanisms. There is no way to protect yourself unless you're willing to buffer with huge amounts of inventory, which generally we don't like to do. We also don't see the need to go really long on some of these ingredients. We have a tendency to have a lot of specialty products that we source from our supply chains around our facilities. I don't see this as a huge issue of supply yet. It doesn't mean that it won't get to that point as people struggle with possibly re-laboring their facilities. But right now, we're not in any danger position on raw material supply or supplies in general.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu. Your question please.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Maybe on commercial OE, you guys were down 50% in the quarter. I think your peers are trending down 40%. Any sort of puts and takes on where you guys are in rates, on destocking? Or when do you expect that business to start flatlining or just return to positive territory?
Kevin Stein: I assume we're making that -- we're crossing some threshold as we move through this now. Defense -- or I'm sorry, commercial OEM bookings can be lumpy. We haven't lost any positions. They're simply working through inventory and the mix that they have today. I'm confident this will shake out in the coming months and quarter.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. And then maybe on EBITDA margins, you guys were at 43 two for the first half. Your full year guidance is about 44, implies the second half is 45%, but you also have 100 to 150 basis points of dilution from Cobham. So what are some of the underlying assumptions, if you could give us some color there?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I guess the underlying assumption we have is that people will fly more in the second half. There'll be more commercial aftermarket activity and a continued improvement. Not dramatic. We have said from the beginning, we had a modest uptick in the second half that was, in our thinking, and I still think that's where we're at to get to the 44%, with, as you pointed out, about a percentage point of headwind is yes, that is going to be the feat that we have ourselves dialed in to achieve right now. I don't see -- there's always headwinds to that continued cost reductions that we continue to look at. But I think we feel okay about that right now as our forward forecast.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna. Your question please.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Why don't I get your perspective on how things moved on the aftermarket sequentially within the quarter? So to be up nearly 30% was the test rate like vary...
Kevin Stein: We saw some real change in the last month -- last six weeks of the quarter. Clearly, the month of March was very different than January and February. And I think that's -- you can see that in-flight activity, in interest, in people traveling, to websites. I mean, there are so many trackers that all of you out there follow that I religiously read every day that show sometime in the March time frame, there was an uptick in activity and that translated to an uptick in activity for us as well.
Gautam Khanna: And would you say that's continued in April, that level of...
Kevin Stein: Well, I can't comment on April -- I can't comment on April, whether that's continued, but the -- I think the flight activity and interest, as we have seen continues.
Gautam Khanna: And is there any way to gauge whether the uptick in aftermarket activity is as parked -- is it for parked aircraft coming back into the active fleet, and therefore, it's sort of an unnaturally high bump relative to what the underlying consumption might actually be? I'm just wondering if there's any way to parse all of the data you guys get to figure out if this a...
Kevin Stein: Because if I was placing that, I would say that yes, some of it must be for returning aircraft although the parked fleet has slowed as to what's coming back out-of-park until there's more revenue passenger miles flown. So I think they continue to pull out capacity. They then have to get it ready to fly. So there's a little bit of that. I don't say that there's a whole lot of it is getting planes ready. I think it's actual usage, having inventory staged where you'll need it. It's just the return of flight activity, and maybe there was some harvesting of available hours on different planes or ship sets that they needed to manage now. Now I'm kind of you get into speculation.
Gautam Khanna: Right. Last one for me. You mentioned the dividends and buyback hiatus. But on the M&A front, what is the pipeline like these days? Are there any actionable things? Is it a low?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I'd say it's actionable, the small, the medium-size end of the range. It continues to weight -- the opportunities we see continue to weigh more towards defense. To Nick's comments earlier, we'll see what comes. If there's a big good commercial business that comes down the pike, we'd like to see that. But currently, active as we always are and waiting more towards defense.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard. Your question please.
Robert Stallard: Nick or Kevin, first one for you on the OEM bookings. I was wondering if you could give us any additional detail on what's in there? Is this coming from narrow-body? Is it coming from restock? Are we may be seeing some offset from wide-bodies? Just some color, if you could.
Kevin Stein: Yes, there's not a lot of color I can offer on that, except that we're delivering on the order book of today, which is, as you know, is more slanted to narrow-bodies right now. Yes, I don't have a lot of insight there as to whether one ship set is in a better inventory position or anything like that. I just don't have that color.
Robert Stallard: And if Airbus were to firm up this speculated rate of 53, when do you think you would get the sort of lead notice on that?
Kevin Stein: Probably later in the fall, if they were going to go for a 2022 rate change, it's usually six months or so ahead of time, I think.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then just finally, to follow-up on Gautam's question. If things were to improve in aerospace land in, say, the next 12 months or so, would you be willing to look at a scale acquisition like Esterline, if someone were to be there?
Kevin Stein: So I think about it -- yes, it's awful hard to predict.
Nick Howley: Yes.
Kevin Stein: I mean, we consider looking at it. Of course. I mean, we have the capital to deploy, and we'd like to be out there putting it to putting it to work, but we can't make those things happen. So we remain at the ready to take advantage of it if the opportunity happens.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag. Your question please.
Kristine Liwag: Mike, earlier, you mentioned that the IG audit is similar to previous audits. I want to clarify, is that on the audit process? Or does that also include the size and scope of what they're looking at?
Mike Lisman: Both, the process and then also the scope in terms of auditing and reviewing profitability on a set number of contracts. That's what we saw in the 2006 audit. It's also what we saw on the audit that generated the 2019 report, and it's what we're seeing now as well.
Kristine Liwag: Great. And a follow-up to that would be, how do you guys think about the underlying businesses that are driving these audits? At some point, I mean, it could be pretty distracting or with the time that you spent in 2019, do you view these businesses as core? Or would you consider exiting them just to keep the distraction at a minimum from the rest of the business?
Kevin Stein: I say, I'll take this one. And Nick, you can jump in. I think these are still great businesses, core businesses. This is part of the process of doing work with the government. You have to go through this process. The U.S. is a military DoD fantastic customer. We understand that they are trying to get the best deal for their constituents as well. So it's a natural part of the process. I don't think we are afraid of it. We've spent more time integrating into it. We now have regular reviews and meetings with the DoD, the DLA. We're very connected, and it's very different today than 5, 10 years ago in terms of our connection. So if your question is, will we eventually want to get rid of these businesses because of the nuisance of military, I don't see that happening yet at all. These are still great businesses, core to us. These are products developed in a commercial environment. These are fantastic products and businesses for us.
Nick Howley: I mean, all I'd add is there, to your point on the commercial environment, they're very frequently intertwined and very similar products. It's not that they're severable from and they're very close to the same product in many situations, if not the exact same product.
Kevin Stein: And we have very few businesses that are just 100% military. And we've been talking about some of those and offloading some of those from the Esterline side of the house. So we continue to look at this and work on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman. Your question please.
Seth Seifman: I think you mentioned some more M&A opportunity on the defense side, which makes sense given the environment. Do you have any hesitancy about that just given where the mix is for the Company right now? Is there a certain point beyond which you would not want to see the revenue mix toward defense?
Mike Lisman: Historically, we've always had, as Kevin mentioned in his comments, the defense mix in a non-COVID environment, that's 35% of revenue or slightly less. I think we see ourselves kind of staying in that ballpark. With some of the divestitures that happened out of the Esterline portfolio as well as some of the ones that could be coming in near-term months. We actually weight down on the defense side a little bit when you run rate for an environment that's not impacted by COVID. So we're looking at defense opportunities. And when we look on the M&A side for companies, we look for products that hit our criteria, not so much narrowing in on a specific end market and just looking at commercial and not focusing on defense. We look at the defense stuff that's out there now and size up the products to see if it fits our criteria, and we're active, as we mentioned. So shouldn't keep us out of that market and looking at opportunities in the future.
Seth Seifman: Okay. And then I think you mentioned, Kevin, on the last call that most of the cost-out actions you kind of completed for the year and there were still some COVID restructuring during the quarter, I think, fairly similar to the level in Q1. Were there new sort of cost-out opportunities that came up during the quarter? And I guess, how do you see that kind of playing out?
Kevin Stein: I guess -- two, there's some new things and then that's continuation and paying for the actions that we already started.
Mike Lisman: The majority of the COVID actions have now been completed on Q1 and Q2. You'll see a little bit in Q3 and Q4, but at a far diminished rate versus what you've seen these past two quarters.
Seth Seifman: Right. Okay.
Kevin Stein: And we're never done looking at our cost position, right? So you shouldn't ever anticipate things completely cease there.
Seth Seifman: Yes. Yes. That makes sense. And then just to put a fine point on Khristine's last question with the DoD audit. The extent that you see the scope and kind of the scale of the audit being similar to prior ones, is that mean you expect a similar result as well?
Mike Lisman: It's hard to say or forecast any kind of result. We don't have good insight into that. To us, it seems just based on the activities we're doing and the dialogue and discussions we're having, it seems a lot like those prior audits. But to make a claim on what the outcome might be, that's not under our control. So I don't want to speculate.
Kevin Stein: But we take this seriously. We're very engaged. We're working closely with the IG on the audit. We meet with them regularly. This has -- yes, it's been something that we've continued to work much like in the past. So the conclusions are similar.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment. Your question please.
Peter Arment: Kevin, it's been coming up on a lot of calls about supply chain shortages. And maybe you could just give us a little color on what you're seeing on your end on the supply chain side.
Kevin Stein: We are hearing of some critical raw materials, some critical materials, some materials that have gone up dramatically in price. So far, we haven't seen any dramatic supply disruptions because of the supply chain being stressed. We have seen prices go up in some spot market buys on certain metals and other components. But as a whole, we're able to pass along inflationary costs, surge pricing expedite pricing. The one area that we're looking very closely at, of course, is electronic components. We do consume those in a number of our businesses, whether they're chips, resistors, fets and the like and making sure that we have the supply of those that we need. That continues to be a focus. Again, we make a lot of what we need and consume so we are not overly exposed, but it's something that we have to continue to watch closely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli. Your question please.
Michael Ciarmoli: Maybe Nick or Kevin, just to go back to the aftermarket bookings. Can you provide a little bit more color from what you're seeing in terms of geography? I'm assuming the platforms are narrow-body driven. But even what are you seeing from distributors, are they starting to pull more? Was there anything for provisioning for the MAX in the quarter? And pricing, if we look sequentially from last quarter, are you getting any pricing in there in those bookings numbers?
Kevin Stein: So we are always on regular intervals looking at pricing our business and putting -- passing along inflationary and expedited increases. As far as the CAM bookings or any color on geography, we don't track our business that way per se, many of our customers are global. So I don't have geographic information. My expectations are that certainly what I'm seeing -- what we're seeing in the U.S. is driving business, but also China, the domestic flight surge there. We anticipate that we see that activity, but we're -- we don't see any concrete geographies in our results.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. And then just on -- from an organic aftermarket revenue standpoint, do we need to see traffic to get back to pre-pandemic levels for you guys to get back to that pre-pandemic quarterly revenue run rate?
Mike Lisman: I think we track and kind of follow the takeoffs and landing. So I think in time, as the takeoffs and landings jump back up to where they used to be, we expect our aftermarket to do the same.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think because the price that we've been able to drive, I think the new products, programs and the like, I think we'll be in a better position when the volume returns, but we'll have to see how that unpacks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Epstein. Your question please.
Ronald Epstein: Parsing out one of the end markets, freight is doing quite well. You guys mentioned that, and we've seen that in the numbers. Are there any organic or inorganic opportunities that are more focused on freight that you guys are considering?
Kevin Stein: Yes, we're always considering opportunities. We look at the passenger to freighter conversion business. We're looking at a number of opportunities there. I don't know on the inorganic side that I can comment there. But on the organic side, we're constantly looking at new products, innovations to better service that market because it seems like one that is evolving very quickly, and there's a lot of players, a lot of interested parties.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. Got it. And then kind of following back up on M&A. Would you guys be willing to do anything outside of A&D, if it fit the criteria that you guys like, sole source, proprietary IP that kind of thing, highly engineered? Would you be willing to look at something in an adjacency? Or does it have to be in A&D?
Nick Howley: Yes, I can try this. I would say, you never say, never, but we would be -- it would be a significant hurdle for us to get over. I mean we have a very strong preference to stick to our knit.
Kevin Stein: There's still a lot of offer in the aerospace.
Nick Howley: Yes. Yes. I think it's the best way I'd answer it. It would be a very high hurdle, but you never say, never.
Operator: This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Jaimie Stemen for any further remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes today's call. We appreciate your time, and thanks again for joining. Have a good day.
Kevin Stein: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TransDigm First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to hand the call over to Jaimie Stemen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigms fiscal 2021 first quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigms Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the companys latest filings with the SEC available through the investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliation. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning. Thanks for calling in. As usual, I'll start with a quick overview of our consistent strategy, a few comments about the quarter, and then Kevin and Mike will expand and give more color. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products, and around three-quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significant higher margins and over any extended period of time have typically provided relative stability through the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to a PE-like return. And lastly, our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value-creation methodology. As you saw from our earnings release, we had a decent Q1, considering the environment, but we're still in a very tough commercial aerospace market. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. The commercial aftermarket revenue, typically the largest and most profitable portion of our business, dropped sharply in the second half of fiscal year 2020, as we expected, following the steep decline in air travel due to COVID. Sharp drops have happened during other severe shocks, though not to this magnitude and likely duration. At this point, there are some indications that Q3 of our fiscal year 2020 was the bottom. To the positive, we saw significant sequential increases in commercial aftermarket bookings in our fiscal year Q1, but the stalling of the air travel recovery concerns us with regards to timing. Our commercial aftermarket simply will recover as more people worldwide fly again, though not necessarily in lockstep. This is starting to happen slowly and somewhat erratically, but the timing of the recovery is still not clear. In addition to safety, the two most important items we continue to focus on are the things we can, to some degree, control. One, we are tightly managing our costs. Our revenues were down significantly in fiscal year 2021, Q1 versus the prior year Q1, but our costs are down about the same. The mixed impact of low commercial aftermarket revenues continues to impact our margins, but we have been able to mitigate part of this impact. Secondly, assuring liquidity. We raised an additional $1.5 billion at the beginning of our third quarter of fiscal year 2020. The money raised was an insurance policy for these uncertain times. It now seems unlikely that we will need it. We continued to generate cash in Q1 of 2021. We generated about $275 million of positive cash flow from operations and closed the quarter with almost $5 billion of cash. This is prior to the acquisition that we made in January. Absent some large additional dislocation or shutdown, we should come out of this with substantial firepower. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. But the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially so in these uncertain times. In general, on capital allocation, we still tend to lean towards caution, but we feel better now than we did six months ago for sure. M&A activity in this last quarter was more active. As I'm sure you saw, we made a good-sized acquisition after the quarter end. We bought the Cobham Aero Connectivity business, which is an antenna and radio business, for a purchase price of $965 million. I must admit it does feel good to play some offense again. This is a good proprietary sole-source business with high aftermarket content. We also like the customer diversity. As usual, we expect to get a PE-like return on this transaction. Though we are not giving overall guidance for TransDigm, for the little less than nine months that we will own the Cobham business in fiscal 2021, we expect it to contribute roughly $160 million in revenue with EBITDA as defined margins running in the 25% to 35% range. The revenue is impacted somewhat by the historical calendar year versus fiscal year shipment timing. We paid for the Cobham business with cash on hand, but for the tax impacts, much of this will drop right through the earnings. We also sold two small non-proprietary former Esterline businesses that did not fit our model for about $30 million so far in 2021. The total revenues for these businesses in fiscal year 2020 were roughly $35 million, and EBITDA was in the 10% revenue range. We continue to investigate the sale of a few other less proprietary defense businesses that don't fit as well with our consistent long-term strategy. At this point, it's too soon to know when or if we will sell these businesses. We still don't have sufficient clarity to give 2021 guidance. When the smoke clears enough for us to feel more confidence, we'll reinstate the guidance. In general, we are planning to keep tight control on expenses and hold our organization roughly flat until we see more clear signs of a pickup. We believe we are about as well positioned as we can be for right now. We'll watch the market develop and react accordingly. Now let me hand it over to Kevin to review our recent performance and to give more information on Q1 and other thoughts.
Kevin Stein: Thanks, Nick. Today, I'll first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter. I'll also comment on fiscal 2021 outlook and some COVID-19-related topics. Our Q1 fiscal 2021 was another challenging quarter, considering the continued slowdown across the commercial aerospace industry in a difficult global economy. In Q1, we continued to see a significant unfavorable impact on the business from the pandemic as demand for travel has remained depressed. Despite these headwinds, I am pleased that that we are we were able to achieve a Q1 EBITDA as defined margin approaching 43%, which was a sequential improvement from our Q4 EBITDA as defined margin. Now, we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2020 that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market which typically makes up close to 60% of our revenue we split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 40% in Q1 when compared with Q1 of the prior year period. The pandemic has caused a significant negative impact on the commercial OEM market. We are under the assumption that demand for our commercial OEM products will continue to be reduced throughout fiscal 2021 due to reductions in OEM production rates and airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders. Longer term, the impact of COVID-19 is fluid and continues to evolve. But we anticipate negative impacts on our commercial OEM end markets for some certain - uncertain period of time. On a positive note, Q1 demonstrated significant sequential bookings improvement compared to Q4, which is likely an indicator of OEM destocking slowing. Additionally, it is encouraging that the MAX has been re-certified in multiple countries and added back to route schedules, although the near-term impact to our business will likely be minimal, given the low build price. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion total commercial aftermarket revenues declined by approximately 49% in Q1 when compared with Q1 of the prior year period. In the quarter, the decline in the commercial transport aftermarket was primarily driven by decreased demand in the passenger and interior submarkets. There was also a decline in the commercial transport freight market, but at a less impactful rate. On a positive note, the total commercial aftermarket revenues increased sequentially by approximately 5% when comparing the current quarter to Q4 fiscal 2020. This increase was driven by the commercial transport aftermarket. Our quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings were down in line with observed flight traffic declines resulting from the decrease in air travel demand and uncertainty surrounding COVID. However, Q1 also demonstrated significant sequential bookings improvement compared to Q4 and the bookings in Q1 modestly outpaced sales. This is likely the result of destocking slowing at the airlines. To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles are still at unprecedented lows though off the bottom as a result of the pandemic. IATA most recent forecast expects the final reported revenue passenger miles for calendar year 2020 to be 66% below 2019 and that calendar year 2021 average traffic levels will be about 50% of pre-COVID crisis levels. Cargo demand was weaker prior to COVID-19 crisis as FTKs have declined from an all-time high in 2017. However, a loss of passenger belly cargo due to flight restrictions and reduced passenger demand has helped cargo operations to be impacted to a lesser extent by COVID-19 than commercial travel. Business jet utilization data was pointing to stagnant growth before the current disruption. Now during the pandemic and in the aftermath the outlook for business jets remains unpredictable. As business jet flights were rebounding but due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel. However, now we face the typical slower winter season and the sustainability of this trend is especially difficult to foresee. Although the longer-term impacts of the pandemic are hard to predict. We continue to believe the commercial aftermarket market will recover as long as air traffic continues to improve. The recent approval and rollout of several vaccines will greatly aid in this recovery. We believe there is a global pent-up demand for travel and in due time passengers across the globe will return and flight activity will increase. Historically personal travel is accounted for the largest percentage of revenue passenger miles and forecasts still seem to indicate a pickup in personal travel in the back half of this calendar year, followed later by business travel. We are hopeful this will be the case for now, the timing of the recovery is uncertain. And in the meantime, we will continue to make the necessary business decisions and remain focused on our value drivers. Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally are at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 1% in Q1 when compared with the prior year period. Defense bookings declined slightly in the quarter driven primarily by a modest decline in defense aftermarket bookings. As we have said many times defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. We continue to expect our defense business to expand throughout the year due to the strength of our current order book. Moving to profitability, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance for EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $474 million for Q1 was down 30% versus prior Q1. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was just under 43%. Im pleased that amid disrupted commercial aerospace industry and in spite of the mix impact of low commercial aftermarket sales. We were able to expand our EBITDA as defined margin by approximately 40 basis points sequentially. This result was made possible by our cost mitigation efforts and a consistent focus on our operating strategy. Now moving to our outlook for 2021, as Nick previously mentioned, we are not in a position to issue formal fiscal 2021 sales, EBITDA as defined and net income guidance at this time. We will look to reinstitute guidance when there is less uncertainty and we have a clearer picture of the future. We like most aero suppliers remain hopeful that we will realize a more meaningful return of activity towards the second half of the calendar year. This will be driven by increased vaccination availability and an initial recovery in personal and vacation travel. For now we are encouraged by the recovery in commercial OEM and aftermarket bookings in the first quarter. As for the defense market and as we said on the Q4 earnings call, we expect defense revenue growth in the low-single digit to mid-single digit percent range for fiscal 2021 versus prior year. Additionally, given the continued uncertainty in the commercial market channels and consistent with our commentary on the Q4 earnings call. We are not providing an expected dollar range for EBITDA as defined for the 2021 fiscal year. We assume a steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue going forward and expect full year fiscal 2021 EBITDA margin roughly in the area of 40%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. This includes Cobham Aero Connectivity, which should have limited dilutive effect to our EBITDA margin. Barring any other substantial disruptions of the commercial aerospace industry recovery, we anticipate EBITDA margins will continue to move up throughout the year. With this fiscal Q1 being the lowest. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2021 financial assumptions and updates. Additionally, I would like to touch on our environmental social and government's initiatives for ESG initiative. 2020 was a year of progress for our ESG program though we are still in the beginning of our ESG journey. Ongoing conversations with our stakeholders, have been an integral part of building an evolving our ESG efforts. As a leader in the aerospace industry, we recognize we need to extend our industry leadership to ESG initiatives as well. These initiatives are a priority and we are dedicated to continuous improvement as we move forward on our ESG journey. More information regarding our ESG initiatives can be found within our recently published 2020 stakeholder report that is posted on the TransDigm homepage. Let me conclude by stating that although Q1 of fiscal 2021 continue to be significantly impacted by the pandemic disruption of the commercial aerospace industry. I am pleased with the company's performance in this challenging time and with our commitment to drive value for our stakeholders. There is still much uncertainty about the commercial aerospace market, but we have a strong tenured management team that is always ready to act quickly and as necessary. The team is focused on controlling what we can control while also monitoring the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and ensuring that we are ready to respond to demand as it comes back. I am confident that as result of our swift cost mitigation efforts and focus on our operating strategy, the company will emerge more strongly from the ongoing weakness in our primary commercial end markets. We look forward to the remainder of 2021 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. With that I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters. You can see all the detail on revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EPS in the press release and call slides for today. So I'm not going to rehash that in detail. For the quarter, organic growth was negative 24% driven by the commercial end market declines that Kevin mentioned. A quick note on taxes, the lower than expected GAAP tax rate for the quarter was driven by significant tax benefits arising from equity compensation deductions. This is just timing barring some deviations in the rates in this first quarter, our tax rate expectation for the full year is unchanged. That is, we still anticipate our GAAP cash and adjusted tax rates to all be in the 18% to 22% range. Moving to cash and liquidity, we had a nice quarter on free cash flow. Free cash flow which we traditionally define at TransDigm is EBITDA as defined less cash interest payments CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $200 million. We then saw an additional $70 million plus come out of our net working capital driven by accounts receivable collections. We ended the quarter with $4.9 billion of cash, up from $4.7 billion of cash at the end of last quarter. Note that this was prior to the acquisition of the Cobham Aero Connectivity business the majority of which closed on January 5. There is one remaining piece of that acquisition a Finland facility representing 2% of the purchase price that's going through regulatory approvals now and should close soon. Pro forma for the closing of this acquisition, our Q1 net debt to EBITDA ratio was a shade higher than 7.5 times. Assuming air travel remains depressed this ratio will continue ticking up through the end of Q2 of our fiscal 2021 when the last remaining pre-COVID quarter rolls out of the LTM EBITDA computation. Beyond Q2 of fiscal 2021, the ratio should stabilize with the potential for improvement should our commercial end markets start to rebound. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed commercial environment for quite some time. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak: Nick, early in the downturn, you framed the business with very limited visibility into the end market. And top line, you framed the business in terms of how you were planning from the cost side. So you spoke to what you assumed for each end market to therefore, planned costs. And so I was wondering at this point, in lieu of official guidance and given the still limited visibility, is it possible to speak to, how you're planning the cost side, vis--vis the pace of end-market recovery on the aerospace side?
Nick Howley: I think, Noah, I dont because we dont want to give guidance, I don't want to end up giving it piece-by-piece
Noah Poponak: Yes.
Nick Howley: By the markets.
Noah Poponak: Correct.
Nick Howley: But I think for the cost, essentially, what we expect here is that, we basically will hold our costs tight and about flat. Now, that's going to move one way or other, if we're wrong on the volume. I'd be hopeful that we are, that it gets better rather than worse. And we go in the other direction. But I think that's about as much as I want to say. The truth is we're just unclear on the rate of recovery.
Noah Poponak: Yes. And I wasn't sure if you would answered that question or not, but you had taken a shot at it on the way down, and it proved reasonably accurate. So I thought I would check. The sequential increase in bookings in the aftermarket, can you quantify how much that picked up?
Kevin Stein: It was like 76%, and the OEM was up 88%. So, a significant uptick. And like I said book-to-bill slightly ahead, modest over shipments. So we did a - we had a nice quarter on the commercial aftermarket side. And I think that's encouraging as is the OEM side to see such a snapback in bookings.
Noah Poponak: I guess that's off very easy compares. Do you happen to know how far from the pre-pandemic level that order rate is?
Kevin Stein: Yes. It's about half, right?
Nick Howley: Yes.
Noah Poponak: It's still about half. Okay.
Nick Howley: It's about half of what it is. As I said in my comments, our Q1 bookings were in line with the fall and flight activity.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Nick Howley: So we essentially were under-booking, and now we're kind of caught up.
Noah Poponak: Yes. So it kind of went to nothing, and now it's matched up with revenue.
Nick Howley: That's right.
Noah Poponak: And then just last one quickly, the Cobham business. Can you just - I know you gave that margin range there, but what were the actual last margins right before you bought it? And is this a business that you can get to the TransDigm consolidated margin?
Nick Howley: Yes. We didn't disclose the actual margins before we bought it, but we just gave you some kind of range. The range, of course, is because we don't exactly know how - we're only very short into the ownership. And the exact speed of which things change, we can't exactly calibrate yet. Can it get up to the TransDigm margins? We didn't model it that way. To get our return, it does not have to get that high. And we'll see. We'll see over time. But it's a good solid proprietary kind of aftermarket business, but you don't have to get to kind of TransDigm margins to get the return. And that's not how we model. We hope to model conservatively, as you know.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland: I'll be quick here. Just two short little clarification, then one, you just give us some color. On the interiors weaker piece in the aftermarket, can you give us a sense of just how much weaker that was? I mean, I assume it would be meaningfully weaker just given that that's where you get a lot more of the discretionary sort of stuff there. Any color there would be helpful. And then just with respect to the sales that are going to distribution, if you've seen any difference in customer behavior, buying patterns, anything of that to note just within that customer sub-segment? Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Sure. On the interior side, I think what we are seeing is just, as you said, in general, a slowdown. That's the last place people are looking to do work. Although, recently, we've seen a nice uptick in activity, but it still is the lowest-performing sector of the aftermarket business. On disti sales, I have not seen, nor have I heard of, any difference in ordering or any difference in behavior by the customer base.
Carter Copeland: Okay. And just to be clear, on the interior piece. I mean, are we talking - the whole thing is down 50, in the aftermarket. Are we talking down 80, 90? Or is it that magnitude? Or am I being too harsh?
Kevin Stein: No. It's not that far. It's just slightly worse, than the rest of our business. It's not off so dramatically.
Carter Copeland: Okay. All right. Thanks. I will let somebody else ask.
Nick Howley: Just Kevin, that's offset some in the other direction by the freight business?
Carter Copeland: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS. Your line is open.
Myles Walton: I just had a question on your incentive changes, that you had to, obviously, given the backdrop of how quickly the financials changed and wanting to align the performance. And you moved to EBITDA percentage as well as an absolute basis. And I know that there is historically, we can track sort of a 10% to 17.5% IRR, as your target. But I'm struggling, could you maybe fill in the blanks on, what the EBITDA percent margin range might look like? Is 44% at the midpoint, the low end or the high end of that performance metric?
Mike Lisman: Yes. I don't think we want to go into too many specifics on the margin target. Obviously, the 44% is what we gave you all, so it's what we feel pretty good about for the year. And that's what we're - as you've been through the proxy details, it sounds like, Myles, that's what we're comped against here, for this year, given the challenging industry circumstances.
Myles Walton: Okay, okay.
Nick Howley: I might add, we would expect, Myles - assuming the world stabilizes, we would expect at the end of 2021 to reset, on the same kind of value-creation parameters that we historically have had. Just things got so disrupted, that it was very hard to do that right now.
Myles Walton: Okay. No, that makes sense. And Kevin, could you just maybe unpack the aero aftermarket? What was cargo down? And remind me, how much cargo is of your transport aftermarket at this point? Or if your air transport at.
Kevin Stein: 10% to 15%, we've said. All of the submarkets of 10% to 15%, except the cargo. And the freight has performed the best of any of the aftermarket segment. It's still down, but it's much closer to neutral performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Herbert with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Ken Herbert: Is it appropriate, Kevin, to think about your 5% sequential improvement in the commercial aftermarket bookings to continue through the next few quarters? And when does - when do sort of we see that kind of sequential improvement in sales?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I don't know, if the 5% is going to continue and when that will translate to sales. Remember, we can put bookings in 18 to 24 months into the future. So this can be over a period of time. It's certainly a positive trend. Exactly, how it translates to revenue, we'll have to see.
Ken Herbert: Okay. And if I run out sort of a mid-single-digit sequential improvement in sales for the next few quarters, and maybe that's ambitious. But it implies that you anniversary the easier comps in your third quarter, maybe 15%, 20%, 25% growth in that range. Is that - I know you're obviously not giving guidance, but can you talk about kind of opportunity you expect in the second half of the year as you start to anniversary the much easier comps and how much of a whipsaw effect, so to speak, could you expect to see?
Kevin Stein: Yes I don't, I haven't looked at it in that way. What we've said and what we will continue to communicate is that we're expecting things to be somewhat flat up a little in the first half. And some modest improvement in the second half linked to vaccinations and travel activity. That's all that we've communicated and set on it and I think that hangs with what we're saying, a small increase in the second half, but that remains to be seen if that happens.
Ken Herbert: Got it? And if I could
Kevin Stein: We are hopeful that we see a pickup in personal travel towards that - and many people forecast a substantial pickup. But yes, we have thats right - we're just reticent to forecast that now because frankly it's been delayed a little from what we would have hoped for.
Nick Howley: Yes, that's right.
Ken Herbert: I guess on that point, just one final question. In the - first quarter, the calendar fourth quarter did you see relative to your fiscal fourth quarter, sort of any green shoots. I mean obviously, the bookings were up, but was there anything that you could point to as sort of tangible evidence of obviously what we hope to be a recovery in the second half of the year?
Kevin Stein: Yes, the only green shoots I have or the bookings activity sequential bookings activity that we've commented on, that's the only green shoots, I can't comment on that I've seen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Spingarn: I think I might end up beating the dead horse a little bit here. But just on this topic, Kevin or Nick can we identify whether or not Q2 commercial aftermarket is up or flat with Q1, is that something you can see at this point fiscal Q2.
Kevin Stein: No, that's not something yet we can see.
Robert Spingarn: And so going back to what you just said we can really all you're saying is at least in the second half you have enough pulp. I guess it is to see some drivers for a higher relative aftermarket, second half versus first if we get some recovery?
Kevin Stein: Yes that's right, if we get some recovery. We have to follow people flying as Nick and I - both said and as I've read all of your analyst reports as well. This all depends on whether people are flying and that's still unknown.
Nick Howley: And that's all Id add Rob to that is, I mean I don't think it's a very complicated formula here. As more people start to fly well start to sell more stuff into the aftermarket probably won't be [lockstep]. But until then, it's all it's just speculative.
Robert Spingarn: Do you have any better insight into what's in the channel at this point, now that we're about a year end almost a year end of this thing?
Kevin Stein: We don't really except for the small amount of our commercial aftermarket. Now its 20-ish percent that is goes through distribution partners. I cant see whats in the rest of the inventory levels of the rest of the aftermarket.
Robert Spingarn: Okay.
Kevin Stein: Clearly, there was an uptick in that means either there was destocking slowed or consumption increase and probably a little bit of both is true.
Robert Spingarn: Okay and just quickly.
Nick Howley: Yes it's hard to think that the consumption could be up as much as the bookings.
Kevin Stein: That's right, I mean.
Nick Howley: No change.
Kevin Stein: Yes no change for that.
Robert Spingarn: Okay, Mike I just had a quick one for you, just major moving cash flow pieces for this year?
Mike Lisman: Sure.
Robert Spingarn: Anything we should focused on?
Mike Lisman: No, no nothing, nothing significant other than what we already discussed before the interest expense changed slightly because of the refi we did from prior guidance down to $1.07 billion, but no other - major cash flow items.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Greg Konrad: Im going to not ask you about the aftermarket, but just to switch to the OE I mean you mentioned expected reduced commercial OE through fiscal year 2021. I mean, when you think about what you're seeing on bookings. Some of the destocking cadence and also some step down in wide-body rate? Is there another step down for OE or are you pretty in line with build rates?
Mike Lisman: So I think we're probably in line with build rates were probably conservative to build rates in the way we look at the business. So yes, I feel good. We're looking at significant uptick in orders from Q4 to Q1 in commercial OEM that's encouraging.
Greg Konrad: And then just, I think this was the at least the second quarter in a row on defense OE side is leading aftermarket. I mean is that a trend that you expect to continue or are there headwinds and aftermarket or does that eventually reverse?
Kevin Stein: Yes in the defense, every time I think I understand what's going to happen. I'm surprised, it's very lumpy. It's hard to predict. There are many influencers in what gets spent on the defense side. So I don't know, I know we have a strong order book as we go forward and we know that defense orders and shipments can be lumpy.
Nick Howley: And we still feel pretty comfortable than the original guidance.
Kevin Stein: Yes, yes low to mid single-digits yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Mike, want to follow-up on that cash flow question. So I guess your initial cash balance you were going to consume a fair amount of working capital this year. Obviously in Q1, it was a benefit. So was this just timing you expected to reverse and we're still - looking at around 40% conversion on adjusted EBITDA for free cash flow for the full year?
Mike Lisman: The 40% is unchanged. We did better this quarter on working capital than I thought we would. Our internal models didn't have $75 million of additional cash coming out of - or $85 million coming out of accounts receivable. But the teams at the OP units drove collections, and they've been tough. The DSO days are down into the low 50s for us. Usually, it's high 50s. But they've done a good job of driving the collections. And that's really what drove the positive source of working capital this quarter. You'll see on the accounts receivable, about $400 million has come out of that from where we were 12 months ago, rough justice. And as we said on the last call, as the recovery starts and then depending on the pace at which it continues, roughly that amount of cash is going to have to go back into the accounts receivable. But it'll probably be, based on your forecast of a couple of year recovery; it's going to take a couple of years to go back in.
David Strauss: I mean, as we look out over the next couple of years, would you expect, kind of net working capital as a percent of sales to settle back out where we were pre-pandemic? Or is anything structurally changed on working capital, and maybe it's a little bit better?
Mike Lisman: No structural changes in the fullness of time, once we come out to and get all the way out of the recovery. We wouldn't expect the percentage of sales for net working capital to have changed from what we used to be at, in the low 30s, 30% area.
David Strauss: Okay.
Nick Howley: As Mike saying another way, the one that moves quickly is receivables. And I don't know if there's any reason to think the industry will pay any faster or slower this time.
Mike Lisman: Yes, that's right. No structural changes.
David Strauss: Yes okay. And then, I think the Cobham acquisition, you noted, a tax benefit as part of the deal. Can you tell us what exactly that is and how much of the purchase price had accounted for?
Mike Lisman: Yes, we got a sizable tax benefit, depending on what discount rate you use, somewhere between $40 million and $60 million, $65 million. That obviously is included we paid for that, in the $965 million that we bought. But it reduces - that tax structure that arises from the deal will basically reduce the annual cash expenditures for taxes on the Cobham business. But it's roughly $40 million to $60 million of NPV, the way we sized it.
Nick Howley: Spread over...
Mike Lisman: Spread over about 10 years.
David Strauss: Okay. That's the NPV of it?
Mike Lisman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. Your line is open.
Peter Arment: Nick, it sounded encouraging with the back on offense on M&A, and Cobham seems like a good deal. Could you maybe just talk a little bit about, approaching commercial - more commercial aerospace deals in this environment? What you need to see to kind of enter the waters there, on that front?
Nick Howley: Yes I mean, we're - we obviously would be interested, but - if it meets our model and our returns. But the fact is, you got to deal with what you see, and we're still not seeing a lot of commercial deals. Some, but not - it's depressed, the commercial. People aren't selling - or most people aren't selling commercial aerospace businesses right now, if they can help it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard: Nick or Kevin probably, on the Cobham kind of business, can you give us an idea of what percentage of sales are that, say, defense versus aerospace, particularly your sort of pro forma pre-pandemic. That would be helpful. Thanks.
Nick Howley: It's predominantly a defense business, as we've said before in the press release. We did not disclose an exact percentage for it. But it's predominantly defense with some select commercial applications as well for those products.
Kevin Stein: But significant international...
Nick Howley: Significant for defense. About close to 60% of the revenue goes international.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And given that international percentage is that, saying that, you're selling on, what you might call commercial terms, so you'll be able to rebase the aftermarket, like on other acquisitions?
Nick Howley: Yes. I don't think we want to comment too much on...
Mike Lisman: Yes. We're in the early days of owning it.
Kevin Stein: Very early
Nick Howley: Sorting through and getting more familiar with the business. So hard to make any statement about ways you'll be able to price it yet.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then just finally, on the sequential improvement in the OEM bookings, can you give us some idea if there was any specific programs that that's related to?
Kevin Stein: It was nicely across the board. There really weren't any large one-time items in there.
Robert Stallard: So it's not linked to the A320 rate increase or anything like that?
Kevin Stein: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kristine Liwag: With all the focus on COVID recovery, I wanted to switch topics and ask about Esterline. Looking back in the transaction, can you give us an idea in terms of where you are in the cost takeout that you've done with Esterline? And then also, where else we could go from here? And in addition to that, with your 44% margin outlook for the year, how much incremental cost takeout is embedded in that outlook?
Nick Howley: So, on Esterline, the first part of the question, again, repeat that.
Kristine Liwag: Sorry. For Esterline, just give us an update in terms of what you've accomplished with cost takeout with that business versus what you have initially
Nick Howley: So on cost takeouts; I think we've made progress, obviously, on cost takeout. Our cost takeout continues. As we've communicated in prior quarters, some of our reductions and then COVID reductions have come out in time. But I think that business has more than lived up to the model and expectations than we had going in. I think that headcount reductions and those kinds of cost-management activities might be somewhat reduced or over for Esterline, and now its continuous improvement activities that will drive productivity as we go forward. I think we initially communicated that Esterline may struggle to get to TransDigm margins right out of the chute and that may be in the longer fullness of time, it would get closer. We still believe that, and it still has been a fantastic acquisition for the company.
Kristine Liwag: Great. And then for the second part of the question, which is more on your margin outlook for the year, that 44% EBITDA margin expectation, how much incremental cost takeout is embedded in that outlook?
Nick Howley: Nothing significantly more. We continue to manage costs, and we continue to look at this as we go forward. And there will be some continued cost takeout because of timing with unions and European businesses. As we're all aware, it takes - you still get them done, but it takes a little bit longer. So there is still some gradual takeout. But I think, as Nick said earlier, we're looking at level costs, with some uptick in activity in the second half.
Kevin Stein: I think it's safe to say that the, sort of, extraordinary step-down stuff we did for COVID is about behind us.
Nick Howley: Yes. Its about behind us.
Kevin Stein: About behind us. And then we'll see. We'll see what happens to the revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Hunter Keay: A couple for me. Kevin, can you give us a little more color on the uptick in interiors? What's driving that? And as you think about the interiors market, specifically over the next few years, where do you think about the ability to drive some innovation, maybe some things you guys had had in the past for maybe new priorities for your airline customers around the world? What are you guys working on?
Kevin Stein: So, uptick in interiors, I may have miscommunicated that. We did not see an uptick in interiors. Interiors is our lowest-performing parts of the commercial aftermarket. Trying to give you a little color, it seemed like things were - in some of our interiors businesses, we're starting to do a little bit better, but it still is the worst performer, I guess, of our commercial aftermarket submarkets. What are we looking at new and unusual for the future? We've talked about some of these in the past. But materials, antiviral materials are important for flooring, seat surrounds and the like. We also have a host of touch-free options for bathrooms and overhead bins as well as antiviral webbing for our seat belt. So, there's some real interest and activity. We'll see if any of it is booked into orders. But yes, there's more activity in interiors and from regions of the world that we usually don't see activity from that now are focusing on improving their interiors. But this will be a long march for the interior side as it is the most discretionary of our business.
Hunter Keay: And then you mentioned that on - biz jets were being used for more personal and leisure travel. Is there an embedded comment in there on pricing? Or is that just sort of the observation that you're making?
Kevin Stein: No, it's just an observation.
Hunter Keay: Okay.
Kevin Stein: If we want to see growth in business jet usage, takeoff and landings, I think business travel is going to have to eventually get involved. I don't think the world can afford to just do leisure travel and drive the same level of activity. So, it's just that eventually, we're going to have to see business travel take off.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Your line is open.
Pete Skibitski: Just one question back on the defense side just kind of on the structure of your defense business I'm wondering if you have any thoughts with regard to - if we see some big budget shifts in the defense budget, maybe away from Army towards Navy, towards Air Force or space. How would you expect that to impact your business, positive or negative? Just was interested in your thoughts?
Kevin Stein: Well, I think the scenario you just predicted of - from Army to Air Force and Navy and space, those are all good for us. As we move to more technology, more drones, more remote observation monitoring, that's all good for us. We are heavily engaged in those platforms, and our products are really focused on that technology side of the aerospace world.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth Seifman: One thing just kind of conceptually that I've kind of wondered, if we think about coming out of the downside of the pandemic and the situation where demand starts to run fairly hot on the other side. When you guys are sole-sourced, as you are in a lot of your portfolio, and demand is really strong? Are you under a certain obligation to provide parts or if there are shortages, there are shortages, and that's it?
Kevin Stein: Yes, if there are shortages, there are shortages. I mean we take it personally if we can't ship a part. And that's why we focus so much on our fill rates and on-time delivery and quality of our products, so that we're so responsive.
Seth Seifman: Right, but there is no like contractual obligation at all?
Kevin Stein: No, no.
Seth Seifman: Right, okay
Kevin Stein: Well, there's the whole range of defense rules. I mean they - well they are what they are.
Nick Howley: And I guess I should say, we do - there are some contractual items with Boeing that we have to have certain delivery performance, now that I'm thinking about it. But, it's not a huge limitation or assignment across the business.
Kevin Stein: I think it's safe to say that we have very adequate capacity and competitive [ph]. Historically, we've never had an issue with the capacity step-up when we needed it, particularly in the aftermarket.
Nick Howley: Yes, that's right.
Seth Seifman: Okay, cool. And then, just as far as the outlook for the back half of the year, I know aero [ph] was out with the release last week, really highlighting what they pointed to as a fair amount of downside to their traffic forecast for 2021. And so and then you guys are running three months ahead of - calendar 2021 in your fiscal year? And so, if we saw a situation where for the entire year, AFKs were only up, I don't know, 10% to 20% or something like that. Would that cause you guys to have to work a little harder? Maybe dig in a little bit more on the cost side to get to the 44%?
Kevin Stein: I guess I don't know is the answer. We will always dig in on the cost side that maybe the case, I'd have to think about it some more.
Seth Seifman: Right, okay. And then final one, just on the Cobham deal. The margin target that you gave, is that before the application of the value drivers?
Mike Lisman: Yes.
Kevin Stein: Yes, that's about what we'd expect to see this year.
Mike Lisman: Yes thats right.
Kevin Stein: And it's hard - as we sit here today, we can't exactly sort of crank in the timing of improvements and the like in the first six or nine months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Michael Ciarmoli: Thanks for taking the questions here. Nick or Kevin, I'm trying to get a sense how big of a component is wide-body versus narrow-body? And could you parse out maybe what you're seeing on the booking side there? And I guess I'm getting at, do we need to see a real material in international travel for your aftermarket revenues to sort of - I don't want to say to get back to prior peak? But I'm just thinking about the weakness we're seeing in international in the wide-bodies and the sense that the wide-body fleet is now much younger, so under warranty. But any color you can kind of give us there or maybe parse out the bookings or how that might play into the recovery?
Kevin Stein: So, we've said in the past, and it continues to hold today, that we're market-weighted. So there isn't a lot of wide-body activity. We're market-weighted in our activity levels. So it's clear, wide-body is slower. I do not have granularity of orders to be able to say, are we seeing more wide-body work or not. It's true to get back to - prior to COVID levels, we will need a strong international performance. That is an important part of RPMs and activity on the wide-body side. But I've been very encouraged by the rate of activity that we have today on what is really just a narrow-body market today. And we've performed very well in that. So again, it gives me the reassurance that we are market-weighted, and that is the way you should look at wide-body versus narrow-body.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it.
Kevin Stein: It's a smaller portion of the business of the larger aerospace business.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. And then just thinking second half - even the recovery on your margins and I'm assuming you have your own OE forecast. We all have ROE forecasts. But you're obviously as the aftermarket recovers here, you're mixing more in favor of your higher-margin business? Should we think that your EBITDA margins have the potential to sort of recover to those pre-pandemic, 46%, 47% levels faster if the OE stays depressed and you get this aftermarket snapback, just given that margin differential?
Kevin Stein: I think it's possible, but I certainly don't know. And I hate speculating on the future on that. We'll have to see the way the mix comes in.
Nick Howley: I mean, it's simply a relative rate of change calculation. One changes faster than the other, it could move one way or the other.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Jaimie Stemen for any closing remarks.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining today's call. This concludes today's call. We will be available to address your follow-up questions throughout the day. Thanks again for joining.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-11-12 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2020 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jaimie Stemen, Manager, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you and welcome to TransDigms fiscal 2020 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigms Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements, please refer to the companys latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning, and thanks to everyone for calling in. As usual, Ill start off with a quick overview of our strategy, then a summary of a few significant items in the quarter and next year, and then Kevin and Mike will expand and give a little more color. First, Id like to start here with a short tribute to my original and long-term business partner at TransDigm and long-term friend, Doug Peacock. Doug passed away this quarter at 83 years old. We worked together for 30 years with various business roles between us; as boss, mentor, partner, advisor and long-term friends. We formed the plan for TransDigm and Dougs basement outside of Princeton, New Jersey in 1992. Doug was involved until almost the end and a participant in almost every major decision along the way. Its been one hell of a ride and continues to be. Doug lived a good full life and we will miss his advice and guidance. He has been a key part of our consistent strategy, so its only right that we jump into that next. Note the remarkable consistency over the last 20 years. Doug has been a key part of that. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times, as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we must stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole-source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have significantly higher margins and over any extended period of time provide relative stability in the downturn. The commercial aftermarket revenue, typically the largest and most profitable portion of our business, dropped sharply in Q3 as we expected due to the steep decline in air travel and though the commercial aftermarket picked up some in Q4, its still off substantially. Sharp drops have occurred in the past during severe shocks though not to this magnitude and likely duration. Simply stated, our commercial aftermarket will recover as people worldwide start to fly more, though not necessarily in lockstep. This is starting to happen slowly, but the rate of recovery has been slowed down by the recent resurgence in COVID infections and the timing of the recovery is far from clear. We follow a long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path, the PE-like returns. And five, our capital structure and allocation are a key part of our value creation methodology. As you saw from our earnings release, we had a decent performance in Q4, but are still in a very tough commercial aerospace market environment. On the positive side, our revenue and EBITDA as defined were up sequentially that is versus Q3, about 15% and 17%, respectively, with puts and takes roughly in line with the planning scenario we used for sizing. Obviously, due to the COVID impact on flying both are down substantially versus the prior year Q4. To roughly frame the Q3 and Q4 revenues combined versus our planning assumptions, the commercial aftermarket wasnt quite as bad. The commercial OEM was a little worse, and our defense business was not quite as strong due to some Q3 timing issues. Defense businesses, however, were up substantially sequentially, that is versus Q3, and up about 7% versus the prior year Q4. Defense bookings were ahead of shipments for the year. In addition to safety, the two most important items we focused on continued to be reducing and managing our costs. As Ive said before, Kevin and his team did an outstanding job of reducing the cost quickly. Our revenues were down in the second- about 30% versus the prior year second- with some additional cost reductions in Q4. Our run rate costs are now also down by about the same amount. The mix impact of low commercial aftermarket revenues continues to impact our margin, but we have been able to mitigate part of this impact. Second, assuring liquidity, we raised an additional $1.5 billion at the beginning of the third quarter. The money was an insurance policy for uncertain times. Its unlikely we will need it, but heading into a storm, we filled our fuel tanks as full as we could at a reasonable price. We continue to generate cash in Q4. We generated over $200 million of positive cash flow and closed the quarter with over $4.7 billion in cash. Mike will give more detail here. Absent some large additional dislocations or shutdowns, we should come out of this with very substantial firepower. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our allocation. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially saw when uncertain times like these. Acquisition opportunities in the last quarter were still slow, but we did start to see some modest pickup in activity. We are still actively looking for opportunities that fit our model. In general, with respect to our capital allocation, we still tend to lean towards caution, but we feel a little more optimistic than we did in Q3. We continue to review the Esterline portfolio of businesses. We are investigating the sale of a few less proprietary defense businesses that dont fit as well with our consistent long-term strategy. If they are all sold, the go-forward revenue might decrease by roughly $250 million to $300 million. The EBITDA margins on these businesses are significantly lower than our average, so the EBITDA impact would not be proportional. At this point, I cant speculate, if we will sell all these businesses or not, but we are actively considering the possibility. Heading into our new fiscal year, we will not give 2021 guidance at this time. When the smoke clears enough for us to feel more confidence, well reinstate the guidance. Though we are hopeful that we have bottomed out, there is still just too much uncertainty around commercial air travel, the recent increases in COVID infection rates, timing of vaccine, political situation and various related issues. In general, we are planning to keep a very tight control on expenses and hold our organization roughly flat, but its just too unclear to know exactly at this point. A few clarifications on some of the 2021 set points. The EBITDA margin as defined for next year is dependent on the rate of recovery in the commercial aftermarket revenue among other factors. For planning purposes, we are assuming a pickup in the second- of the year. Given the recent surge in COVID cases and the uncertainties I mentioned above, we hope and intend to be cautious in our planning, but we just dont know. Secondly, operating cash flow that is EBITDA minus CapEx and interest and cash taxes, as we traditionally define it, is more in the range of 40% plus a little of the EBITDA as adjusted. This is partially offset by some other conservative assumptions that Mike will review in more detail. We believe we are about as well positioned as we can be for right now. Well watch the market develop and react accordingly. And now, let me hand this over to Kevin to review our recent performance and to talk a little more about 2021.
Kevin Stein: Thanks, Nick. Today I will first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter and then cover fiscal 2021 outlook and some COVID-19 related topics. Q4 was a challenging quarter that closed out our fiscal 2020 against the backdrop of a continued slowdown across the commercial aerospace industry and a difficult global economy. In Q4, we continue to see a significant unfavorable impact on our business from the pandemic as demand for travel has remained depressed. Despite these headwinds, I am pleased that we were able to achieve a Q4 EBITDA as defined Margin of 42.4%, which was a sequential improvement from our Q3 EBITDA as defined Margin, and in spite of the mix impact of low commercial aftermarket sales. Achieving this Q4 margin was primarily a result of our quick preemptive cost reduction actions and continued focus on our operating strategy. Now, we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2019. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue. We will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 42% in Q4, and approximately 23% for full year fiscal 2020, when compared with prior year periods. The pandemic has caused a significant negative impact on the commercial OEM market. We are under the assumption that demand for our commercial OEM products will continue to be significantly reduced during fiscal 2021 due to reductions in OEM production rates and the airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders. Longer term, the impact of COVID-19 is fluid and continues to evolve, but we anticipate significant negative impacts on our commercial OEM end market for some uncertain period of time. On a positive note, it is encouraging that the MAX is moving closer to re-certification in several countries, although the near-term impact to our business will likely be minimal given the low build rates. Now, moving to our commercial aftermarkets business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues declined by approximately 50% in Q4 and approximately 22% for full year fiscal 2020 when compared with prior year periods. In the quarter, the decline in the commercial transport aftermarket was primarily driven by decreased demand in the passenger and interior sub-markets. There was also a decline in the commercial transport freight market, but at a less impactful rate. Our quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings were down in line with observed revenue passenger mile declines as a result of the decrease in air travel demand and uncertainties surrounding COVID. Q4 did demonstrate sequential bookings improvement, although modest. The decline in demand for air travel began late in our Q2 as global restrictions on business and shelter in place orders went into effect in response to the pandemic. This led to a significant reduction in global flight capacity and parked aircraft across the world. Certain markets have reopened, while others particularly international markets remained closed or are enforcing strict quarantines. Airlines have added back some flight capacity and there have been relatively steady increases in global passenger travel, since its trough in April, but it has been a slow recovery thus far. Recent resurgences of global COVID-19 cases and renewed lockdowns in certain countries along with the end of the summer leisure travel season have also compounded the slow recovery. Recent vaccine news is certainly encouraging and should drive recovery, however, the timing of vaccine approval and roll-out is still not clear. Considering these variables the shape and speed of the recovery remains uncertain. To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles are still at unprecedented lows, though off of the bottom, as a result of the pandemic. IATA recently forecast, a 66% decrease in revenue passenger miles in calendar year 2020 compared with 2019. Cargo demand was weaker prior to COVID-19 crisis, as FTKs have declined from an all-time high in 2017, however, a loss of passenger belly cargo due to flight restrictions and reduced passenger demand has helped cargo operations to be impacted to a less extent by COVID-19 than commercial travel. Business jet utilization data was pointing to stagnant growth before this downturn. Now during the pandemic, and in the aftermath, the outlook for business jets remains unpredictable as business jet flights are rebounding, but due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel. And now that we have exited the summer leisure travel season and face the winter season, the sustainability of this trend is especially difficult to foresee. Although the long-term impacts of the pandemic are hard to predict, we do believe the commercial aftermarket will recover. As long as air traffic continues to improve, clearly a COVID vaccine would accelerate this. We believe the world will once again embrace travel in ever growing numbers, but for now, the timing of the recovery is uncertain. In the meantime, we will continue to make the necessary business decisions and remain focused on our value drivers. Now, let me speak about our defense market which is typically about 35% of our total revenue. The defense market which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 7% in Q4, and approximately 1% for full year 2020, when compared with prior year periods. As a reminder, we are lapping tough prior-year comparisons as our defense revenue accelerated in most of fiscal year 2019. Year-to-date defense bookings were up high single digits and have solidly outpaced year-to-date sales. Sequentially, quarterly defense sales grew over 20% quarter-to-quarter, but as we have said many times defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. We continue to expect our defense business to expand due to the strength of the current order book. Now, moving to profitability. Im going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $498 million for Q4 was down 30% versus prior Q4. On a full year basis, EBITDA as defined was about $2.28 billion, down 6% from the prior year. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 42.4%. I am pleased that admitted disrupted commercial aerospace industry we were able to expand our EBITDA as defined margin by almost 100 basis points sequentially. We were able to achieve such an EBITDA as defined margin primarily as a result of our stringent cost mitigation efforts and consistent focus on our operating strategy. Our COO, Jorge Valladares, and really the entire operations and business unit team structure that we have provided strong leadership during this very difficult time. Now, moving to our outlook for 2021. As Nick previously mentioned, we will not provide fiscal 2021 sales EBITDA as defined and net income guidance at this time. We will look to reinstate guidance when there is less uncertainty and we have a clearer picture of the future. Currently we expect COVID-19 to continue to have a significant adverse impact on our financial results, during fiscal 2021, under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel, although recent news of an effective vaccine could impact these assumptions quite favorably. As for the defense market, customer demand here is more stable and we feel comfortable giving some color on expectations. We currently expect Defense revenue growth in the low-single digit to mid-single digit percent range for fiscal 2021 versus prior year. Given the uncertainty in the market channels, we are not providing an expected dollar range for EBITDA as defined for the new fiscal year. We assume a steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue going forward and expect full year fiscal 2021 EBITDA margin to be roughly in the area of 44%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. Barring any other substantial disruption of the commercial aerospace industry recovery, we anticipate EBITDA margins will move up throughout the year with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4. As in past years with roughly 10% less working days than the subsequent quarters, fiscal year 2021, Q1 revenues, EBITDA, EBITDA margins are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters of fiscal year 2021, roughly in proportion to the lower working days. Additionally, as discussed on the Q3 earnings call, many of our businesses have taken the opportunity to explore new business opportunities by working on developing highly engineered solutions for emerging needs arising from COVID, including antiviral or antimicrobial technologies, air purification and touchless technologies, to name a few. A cross-TransDigm team is in place, led by Joel Reiss, one of our most experienced executive vice presidents, to help drive this effort and is continuing to look for opportunities and will update in the future. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2021 financial assumptions. Let me conclude by stating that, although fiscal 2020 was a challenging year, it is a statement to our ability to expertly execute through difficult and unexpected circumstances. I am very pleased with the speed at which TransDigm has responded to the unprecedented pandemic taking immediate actions to protect employees from the spread of the virus, while also dealing with the disruption impacting the broader commercial aerospace industry. There is still much uncertainty about the commercial aerospace market recovery, however, we have a strong tenured management team that continues to remain agile and ready to act as necessary. We are not taking our foot off the gas. The team is focused on controlling what we can control, while also monitoring the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and ensuring that we are ready to respond to the demand as it comes back. I have the utmost confidence that through our swift cost mitigation efforts and focus on our operating strategy, the company will emerge more strongly from the ongoing weakness in our primary commercial end markets. We look forward to 2021 and the opportunity to create value for our stakeholders. With that, Ill hand it over to our CFO, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. Im going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters for the 2020 fiscal year that just completed and then also our expectations for the upcoming fiscal 21. First, for the full 20 fiscal year, you can see the details on revenue, EBITDA and EPS in the press release for today, so Im not going to rehash it. On the taxes, our FY 20 GAAP and cash rates were about 12% and the adjusted rate was about 19%. These were both aided by the Cares Act. On cash and liquidity, we ended the year with approximately $4.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 6.8 times. Assuming air travel remains depressed. This ratio will continue ticking up in the coming quarters as the stronger pre-COVID quarters roll-out of the LTM EBITDA computation. Next on the FY 21 expectations; we arent giving full guidance as Nick and Kevin mentioned, but Ill highlight quickly just a few additional financial assumptions. Interest expense is expected to be in the ballpark of $1.08 billion for the year and this equates to a weighted average interest rate of about 5.2%. On taxes, our 21 GAAP cash and adjusted rates are all anticipated to be in the range of 18% to 22%. And on the share count, we expect our weighted average shares outstanding to increase by about 1 million to 58.4 million shares assuming no buybacks occurred during the fiscal year. Similar to prior years the increase in the shares outstanding is driven by employee stock options divested at the end of FY 20. With regard to liquidity in 21, we expect to continue running free cash flow positive throughout the year. There has been some confusion on the FY 21 cash guide that we gave in the call slides for today, so just a few quick words to hopefully alleviate the confusion. As we would traditionally define our free cash flow from operations at TransDigm, which is EBITDA as defined, less debt interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes, we expect this metric to be in the $800 million to $900 million area, maybe a little better during fiscal 21. However, the actual cash balance over the course of the year should increase by $400 million to $600 million, and the actual cash balance grows by less than the free cash flow from operations because it is reduced by term loan amortization, paybacks, a potential uptick in net working capital investment assuming we do see a commercial aftermarket uptick later in the year, small product line acquisitions at some of our business units in delayed cash severance payouts related to the COVID-19 reductions in force and a few of our European OP units. As you know, we aim to issue guidance that in time proves to be conservative. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position here and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed commercial environment for quite some time. With that, Ill turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. You may now ask your question.
Kristine Liwag: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: With the cost take out that youve done last quarter on SG&A and the repositioning actions youve taken so far, can you provide more color about how much of this cost do you think you can keep as volumes recover? And ultimately, how should we think about incremental margins of aerospace recovers?
Kevin Stein: Ill take that, first. I think incremental margins as we guided would  we believe they will continue to improve during the year. I think thats important to note, but dependent on aerospace recovery and people continuing to fly, is there a second wave? Is that a concern that slows us down? I think all of these factors will weigh in. But right now we anticipate things will continue to improve. We will make the most. Ive said this before on our earnings calls, and Ill say it again. We will make the most of the opportunity of whatever revenue comes our way in this lumpy recovery that were seeing and we will make the most of it. We just dont see enough visibility to give more clarity on the go forward.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks. And maybe one clarifying question. When you had the $400 million-plus in cash generation on your slide, and then right with the commentary on an $800 million to $900 million in fiscal year 2021, can you bridge the two? Whats the difference in the definition of whats on the slide versus your defined free cash flow?
Mike Lisman: Yes. The  its Mike. The disconnect between the actual cash build to the balance sheet of $400 million to $600 million versus the cash from ops of $800 million to $900 million is just some assumptions around a couple of different things. First, just net working capital build. Weve had a benefit here as cash has come out of working  cash has come out of accounts receivable. But as we go into the recovery, thats going to go back in and become a source of cash. Weve baked in some product line acquisitions too at a couple of our OP units. And there are some severance payments that European OP units related to the COVID reductions in force where we simply have taken the accrual, but we havent made the cash payout yet. Hopefully, all those assumptions in those bridging items proved to be conservative in time. We think the amount we put into the estimates what I provided today, is a little conservative, but well see.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you.
Kevin Stein: I think there was also an earlier part of your question, which was about how many heads will we bring back and costs will return. And Ill say the same point on that that weve made many times. And I think similar to what Nick has said in the past is, we will bring heads back as the volume dictates, but in a very reduced manner. We will be stringent on that and ensure that we bring cost back in a very slow and timely manner, so that we dont think  let things run away.
Nick Howley: And I would think when the dust settles and everything normalizes, well likely come out the end of this with an improved cost structure, absolutely.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you for the color, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS. You may now ask your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is actually Lou [ph] on for Myles.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you just give us a little bit more of the assumptions you have built into the 44% EBITDA margin? I know you sort of  it assumes the aftermarket, I guess, recovery starts in the second-half? And youve got the mid-single-digit growth and in OE. Are you sort of expecting this minus 40-plus percent to continue through 2021, or just any additional color on those assumptions?
Nick Howley: Go ahead.
Mike Lisman: Yes. I think the assumptions driving the 44% for the first-half of the year, we roughly assume the current environment to sort of what weve been seeing for the past six months. And then we put in an uptick, as Nick mentioned, in the back-half of the year. The defense forecast should be as we mentioned. On the commercial OE side, we do expect it to be down for the first two quarters sequentially versus last year and the aftermarket as well. And then a modest uptick in the back-half of the year on commercial aftermarket.
Kevin Stein: I think the best way to follow this is to look at the flight take off and landings. And as weve seen them increase, were at about 50% of where we were globally. I think thats the way to follow. We need people flying. We need planes taken off and landing, thats what generates aftermarket content and thats what we need to follow. And right now thats largely plateauing with this second wave. Well see how this comes  how this changes over the next couple of months with this  the advent of a vaccine.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then just one quick model; is there any backlog amortization expected this year? I think you have $50 million or so this year again in 2020?
Jaimie Stemen: De minimis.
Mike Lisman: No. I think its de minimis this year. That was mainly just from the acquisition of Esterline rolled out now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. You may ask your question.
Carter Copeland: You dont read that one every day. There you go.
Nick Howley: Yes. I know where you work though.
Carter Copeland: I like it. Nick, Im sorry to hear about  sorry to hear about, Doug. You guys really built something amazing and thats sad news. So apologies about that, but
Nick Howley: Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Thanks.
Carter Copeland: Kevin, I wondered if you could talk about a couple of things. One of them just stocking dynamics, if there is anything unique that youre seeing across the product lines, or in particular geographies or customer sets. Just anything to be aware of in terms of inventory in the channel or buying behaviors anything like that we should be aware of.
Kevin Stein: Clearly inventory in the channel is something to consider. We dont get a lot of visibility on inventory in the channel with OEM partners or airlines. It is largely unknown. What we do know is our distribution partners and I will tell you that their POS is running in line with our performance. So they are very much in lockstep and very much in lockstep with takeoff and landings. So were seeing that come together. What was the rest of the question? Repeat that, Carter.
Carter Copeland: Just in terms of both products and geographies, if there is anything
Kevin Stein: Yes.
Carter Copeland: Anything?
Kevin Stein: Yes. Geographies, Carter, we dont comment on. Its hard for us to see geographies anyway because of the way our products are sold either through OEMs or airlines, distribution partners. We dont see much on the geography side. I know in talking to our partners in Asia, the distribution partners there that we have that they are seeing an uptick. They are seeing more consumption because of the domestic business that has now returned to largely the same internal China flight metrics as before. So that continues to be good performance geographically. Thats probably the only color I can give you is the things appear to be improving, although at a conservative rate there. I think the lack of international flight activity is certainly slowing that business down. But I think the piece  weve touched on USM in the past and how thats not a big driver for us. I think the only piece you have to keep in mind is the amount of inventory that may be present is dependent on our sales process and philosophy. We do not give volume discounts to the field. So there is going to be less available inventory as some people may give volume discounts. If you buy 100 pieces, you might save something. We dont do that at all. Its one of the things that we look to remove on acquisition. So thats something to keep in mind.
Carter Copeland: Okay. And then, just a quick follow-up. I think youll be below the hurdle for some of the interest deductibility, just given the income, I think, that implied for next year. Does that put any emphasis on getting a deal done in capital deployment? Or is it just de minimis in the impact?
Mike Lisman: I think its de minimis. Youre right on the math there. We are slightly above it. We got a lot of a benefit just from the Cares Act expansion and deduction to 50% of the US EBITDA. But I dont think that factors into any of the capital allocation or M&A thinking.
Carter Copeland: Yes, okay.
Kevin Stein: Carter, you know we go through at least M&A allocation. You know, I cant imagine that calculation would materially change our return.
Carter Copeland: Yes.
Kevin Stein: It surely wouldnt change judgments on the individual businesses.
Carter Copeland: Okay. Thanks for the color, guys. And keep up the good work.
Kevin Stein: Thanks, Carter.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. You may now ask your question.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, Mike just, just going back to this cash generation block. Just to put a finer point on it. So it looks like working capital was maybe $200 million positive this year. Are you assuming that, that reverses in a similar fashion next year and how [ph] it looks?
Mike Lisman: Were assuming a chunk of it reverses, yes. If you peel the onion back a little bit, you would see, accounts receivable was basically a source of cash for us of about $350 million, it was down 36% or so on the year. That was just driven by the commercial end market declines in the fact that weve been driving collections from the customers. So the sales drop provided you keep collecting in 57 days, which is about our average. Your accounts receivable sort of resets to your current sales level; that amount of cash is, obviously when we get back up to  and the commercial markets fully recovered. The $350 million is going to have to go back in, but the pace at which that happens is really uncertain depends how quickly recovery happens, the quicker it is, the sooner well see that being a source of capital source of cash usage. But weve baked in some conservatism here into the forecast, because we frankly dont want to give you guys the target just doesnt take that into consideration and ends up being too high.
Kevin Stein: And I think
David Strauss: Its fair.
Kevin Stein: Assuming its appropriate, wed love to see the receivables run up because that means the market is picking up.
Mike Lisman: Yes, thats right.
David Strauss: Yes. And then cash taxes maybe $5,000 million or higher than that. What does that assume for the payroll tax deferral? Youre going to take care of that next year, or is that a beginning of the 22 item?
Mike Lisman: Yes, well take care of it this year. The cash taxes should be somewhere in, as we model that we expect something north of $100 million, but not above $200 million. Again it depends on the pace of the recovery. Its just really uncertain obviously and hard to forecast.
David Strauss: Okay. And then last one, on leverage. Mike, you talked about its going to  your net leverage will go up here. It looks like it will peak out maybe around eight times, somewhere in that range. I guess, how are you guys thinking about where you want your net leverage to be kind of when things start recovering and get back to normal given, weve got an even lower interest rate environment today than when we came into this? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: Yes. If you look back over the past say three years, pre-COVID, our average net debt to EBITDA was about almost exactly 6.0 times. I dont think we have any inclination to change that once things reset. Its obviously going to tick up a bit here and your math is correct. With the current run rating it slightly over eight times. Net debt to EBITDA were currently at 6.8 because we have two pre-COVID quarters and the LTM EBITDA computation. But I think coming out of this thing, the views on where we are comfortable operating the business from a leverage standpoint wont change from what you saw three years ago that average period pre-COVID.
Nick Howley: All Id add is that, specific calls on capital allocation and leverage levels as they maybe came around acquisition opportunities. You know, as you know, if we saw the right opportunity and felt comfortable with the market situation, wed be willing to get up above that six on a steady state, but generally it then rests [ph] back down.
David Strauss: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. You may now ask your question.
Robert Spingarn: Hi, good morning. Kevin, on the M&A pipeline, is it still the way youve described it previously, a lot of defense properties against commercial properties maybe being a bit overpriced in this environment. And do you think the prospect of maybe better recovery visibility with this vaccine news changes that dynamic at all?
Kevin Stein: Ill take a crack at that. The answer is yes, more defense and were not seeing quality commercial businesses hardly at all. So what we tend to be seeing is defense. And I just dont know how to speculate, but I would suspect, if you start to get a robust recovery people will become more willing to sell. Its just tough to get a valuation around something now, right.
Robert Spingarn: Okay.
Nick Howley: Our [ph] valuation, anybody is going to like.
Robert Spingarn: Right. And then, just as a follow-up on the defense with the big sequential growth and it being 43% of the current sales profile, we know that will change with the recovery, but what are the  and OE, I guess growing a bit stronger than aftermarket. What are the main platforms that are driving us?
Nick Howley: On the defense side?
Robert Spingarn: Yes.
Nick Howley: I think its F-35, APKWS is a major program for us. It hits several platforms. But beyond that were nicely market weighted to the key opportunities. I can hit on a couple of some parachutes business here or there, thats important to us. But were market weighted on platforms. But I ticked off to it, APKWS and F-35, that immediately come to mind.
Robert Spingarn: Okay.
Nick Howley: And Rob, as you know, were on most of the freighters, most of the operators, most of the helicopters across sort of the US defense fleet and then many of the European ones.
Robert Spingarn: Yes. I thought it was interesting though your comment on OE versus aftermarket. So that prompted the question.
Nick Howley: Got it.
Robert Spingarn: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. You may now ask your question.
Noah Poponak: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to stay on defense actually for a second. The 2021 will have a pretty easy comparison given the low growth rate in 2020. And given an approximation of what your pricing power is in that business to be low single, I think units would have to be negative. And just given outlays will still be growing, given the easy comp you have there, given the pricing power. How would you get to low single? Is there any programmatic headwind following up to that last question?
Nick Howley: Yes. I would say, hopefully were conservative in our approach. We dont know of any headwind necessarily. Its interesting that you know low growth rate in 2020, but thats  historically thats been right where we historically our 0% to 1% or 2%. So low given where we were over the last couple of years, but historically in line. So we dont really see it so low, but there is more opportunity, as we go into 21, we have a strong order book. You saw the way we closed the year with a very strong bookings in the fourth quarter. I think were in a good position. Its just  can we get it out and do they want to receive it per the original order schedule.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Nick Howley: I think the OEM business other than inventory switches  inventory movements in defense going to change a lot, that we assume. On the other hand, the aftermarket business in defense is not booked out.
Noah Poponak: Yes.
Nick Howley: You could easily see some swings down, I wouldnt think it would be dramatic, or up in that. I mean thats where the movement could be.
Noah Poponak: Okay. In the aerospace business both OE and aftermarket, the first half of 21, the first two quarters of 21 was still be comping to normal times. Should we think about the sequential revenues in each of those just being reasonably similar to the fourth quarter. And therefore the year-over-year rates of decline, there may be a little better, but just kind of similar, or is there an inventory component or some other component that would change that significantly?
Nick Howley: No inventory components or anything that would change it significantly. I think you should expect  we expect in Q1 and Q2 of this fiscal year some pretty sizable downticks in the revenue in the upper
Mike Lisman: Because of [indiscernible], not because of anything thats changed versus the run rate.
Kevin Stein: Because the comp is
Nick Howley: Its basically the same run rate sequentially. So you just
Mike Lisman: I think thats the right way to look at it. We would hope that it would be up a little bit in key areas, and thats the way were looking at it. But we dont know what up a little bit means.
Noah Poponak: Right.
Mike Lisman: Its  were just seeing a little bit of increased flight activity and until that crystallizes with vaccine, its not going to lead you greater aftermarket growth numbers.
Nick Howley: And I think were very reticent to get out over our skis and forecast as you know historically.
Noah Poponak: Yes.
Nick Howley: Whether it will be better to plan conservative, size conservative and you can always deal with the upside.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I mean hopefully in the back half of the year, there is a lot of upside. Just wanted to make sure there wasnt something that took the first half actually down while  even if the market is just kind of moving, so it sounds like there is not.
Nick Howley: There is anything thats ticking [ph] up down. Were counting on it being the same a little bit better with an uptick in the second half.
Noah Poponak: And then lastly on your margins, if I look at 2019, if I attempt to strip out Esterline, it looks like the margin ex Esterline was EBITDA as defined was kind of 50% on the nose. If I assumed that 2023 revenues matched 2019, I think there is reasons that could be better. But if I just gave you that hypothetical could the EBITDA margin of the business, is it reasonable to assume its back to that close to 50% on the nose type of EBITDA margin?
Nick Howley: I dont know, if we know enough to say that. If I can take off all of the reasons why it might fall short [ph] with uncertainty and unknowns, but I think its may be an okay way to look at it. Were still thinking that 2023  we would see things returning back to normal or a significant of the way to normal. Im not sure were still back all the way to where we were in 19. I think there will still be some overhang, but I think there will be a significant uptick between now and then. And it will be gradual first and with virus or vaccine, I should say, I would expect a sharp change when  because there is pent-up demand to fly. I dont know how else to think about it than that. And to keep yourself lean and nimble so that you can respond to the orders that come in and be prepared to bring people back if needed. Thats the way were viewing this.
Mike Lisman: I might take just a little expansion on that. No, Ill say again, I think fullness of time were in steady state again. I think we come out of this with a better cost structure and we went into it. We typically dont put back everything ratably in the pickup. So I guess you saw, in general, things get little better in the margin. Now I guess the crux of your question is, do you think you can get all the Esterline businesses up or over 50%, right, because thats what you have to do to have that happen. And I just  Im not sure were ready to say that yet.
Noah Poponak: Yes, I guess if Esterline is a little short of that depending on mix
Mike Lisman: Yes.
Noah Poponak: Those are kind of the question marks. But then the cost structure is better. So youre  if its not quite 50, maybe its at least pretty close to where [indiscernible].
Mike Lisman: You get the point. I mean it.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. You may now ask your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for the time. So maybe we you could just stick on margins, if thats okay for a second, on 21. I think you guided to 44% margins, and that implies H1 is that around 42%, so same as H2 2020. So that actually assumes youre down  flat to down in the second half of next year. And just wondering why that would be the case.
Nick Howley: I dont
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Quarter was down versus H1 20, so because in H1 20 your margins were almost 47% [ph].
Mike Lisman: Yes. But the volume difference in H1 20 versus H1 21 will be dramatically different. We have adjusted costs, but I dont expect to see the margin run up quite that fast.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks. And then I understand you guys have limited visibility in the aftermarket, but your stories, the best proxy for it. So I just wanted to ask more on this. Kevin, you talked about it earlier. What are you seeing in terms of pricing either from competition in the market with other smaller suppliers or maybe even airline MROs? Are they being more price conscious or actually less price conscious because theyre doing their own cost initiatives within their maintenance departments and furloughing people and so on.
Kevin Stein: I really, I dont have that much visibility to that. Yes, I dont have that much visibility to it. So I dont know if I have a nice answer for you. I think Im sure in this market people are price sensitive. Im sure theyre concerned about prices. We have historically been able to maintain pricing in downturns, thats historically what weve been able to do and we would assume we would be able to do that through this downturn.
Nick Howley: I dont think weve seen any change in the fundamental dynamic.
Kevin Stein: No change.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. You may now ask your question.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much and good morning, everyone. Just a question, really I think, kind of bounce around a little bit quarter-to-quarter, but you talked about the 57% down revenue for the commercial part of  commercial aftermarket. If we look at take offs and landings probably down 49%, 50%. And you guys get the top line portion of your value drivers. So theres probably kind of at least low double-digit gap there between the decline in the revenues and the take offs and landings. This sound like inventory is really an issue. So I guess what do you attribute that to? And even if we kind of run rate it at this down 50% [ph] for a while, when would you expect to kind of converge with the market?
Nick Howley: Im not sure that were not already with the market. Im sure there is a  there is some sort of a discount to the take off and landings that we see. I simply pointed out, but I think its a good way to look at our business. Im not sure that I see things coalescing so much as people fly more as there is more activity, we will see more aftermarket activity necessarily. I think were in a pretty good place as I look at POS down about the same as flight activity is. I think that were in line with where I would expect to be; and as people fly more that we will see the aftermarket improve. Does that answer your question?
Seth Seifman: Yes.
Kevin Stein: I might just add, the flights may be are running at 40% to 50% down, the RPMs are probably down 77% [ph] something like that.
Nick Howley: Yes. That was something I thought.
Kevin Stein: So the answer  sort of the market answer is probably somewhere in the middle, I dont know, if I --
Seth Seifman: Yes.
Kevin Stein: If I look at what other people seem to be saying, they seem to be saying down the same kind of range we are. I just dont think you can pull it much closer than that. We used to use, I think RPMs as what we always talked about. And so Im  RPMs dont seem like there as so well a linked indicators. So I was trying to point out that take off and landings probably are a better way to look at aftermarket recovery. But RPM surely  they surely arent giving you a tailwind.
Nick Howley: They are not.
Seth Seifman: Yes, shorter fights absolutely. And then maybe as a follow-up, you spoke a little bit about leverage earlier. When we think about that leverage heading up towards that the eight level. And I know where you want to be kind of long-term. But in the interim, capital deployment initiatives that temporarily increased leverage from the 7.5 level, 8 level. Is that something feasible? Is there  should we think about there being any kind of near-term cap on leverage, or its just really doesnt matter?
Nick Howley: I think you have to think of our capital allocation rule priority, the same way you always think of it. Fund the existing businesses first accretive acquisitions, third give money back to the shareholders, fourth, and at this kind of  I would say debt markets in the cost thats fourth, and a distant point.
Seth Seifman: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. You may now ask your question.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thank you, guys. Congratulations on the good margins in the quarter. I wanted to just ask a little bit in the numbers here. Biz jet and helicopter aftermarket was down less this quarter than it was in the June quarter. Any sort of comment on sequential trends there. Did it get better or is that just a compare issue?
Kevin Stein: I think weve seen in general that biz jet, heli markets get a little bit better. I tried to comment a little bit on it in my prepared notes that, that has  its been a source of steady improvement as we have seen the takeoff and landing cycles for business jet get closer to where they were pre-COVID still way off of 2008. But back closer to where they were pre-COVID faster than large aerospace has recovered. But it appears to be due largely to leisure COVID avoidance activities, if you will, not necessary business travel as the weather cools were not sure that that will continue, but it has been a source of modest strength. Now this is a small market segment for us about 15%. So its not a major place for us to see a driver.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And then separately on the commercial aero [ph] business, do you think the destocking has now kind of abated? Yes, Im just curious like how much of the results do you think in the September quarter were impacted by destocking relative to underlying demand? And how long might that persist as you look forward [ph]?
Nick Howley: Its hard for me to know, I commented earlier that we dont get inventory information or much of it from the large OEMs. We guess that there is not as much there, but beyond that there is not much of a  much to know. So we watch it closely from an order book point of view. Things are down a little bit more than what we might or basically in line with their building, their adjustments to build rates. But  yes, I think it just bears close watching. I dont see that changing down much more faster or up until we see more stability in the build rates. I know there is some indication that Airbus may raise rates, well have to see. I dont doubt them. Well do whatever they book to the market. We will deliver parts for  but with the MAX coming back on Board, I think OEM is a concern, a little bit as we go forward on how much inventory is out there. We are seeing consistent results quarter-over-quarter, so that may indicate that the inventory is being dealt with and being dealt with reasonably quickly. But well have to see how this rolls forward. I dont have much better visibility than that for you.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. You may now ask your question.
Robert Stallard: Thank you so much, and good afternoon.
Nick Howley: Good morning, good afternoon. How are you?
Robert Stallard: Yes. Good, thanks. So Mike, Ive got a couple of cash questions for you. First of all, on the European cash restructuring. Can you give us an idea of how much of a cash expense that is going to be in 2021? And also what your expectation might be for CapEx in 2021?
Mike Lisman: Yes. On the CapEx, we dont want to give an exact stat. But I think if you  to assume something that was in line with 2020, which was in the order of $120 million, maybe a little more, its fair. On the severance costs in Europe, its several tens of millions of dollars, not quite $100 million. But as you know, weve got a couple of units over there and when you let folks go, its more expensive than doing it in the US.
Robert Stallard: And then just for Nick or Kevin, some of the other aerospace supply has been talking about airlines deferring maintenance and one of them talking about the potential risk of more surplus activity out there in 2021. Have you factored any of this into your conservative thoughts for where aerospace could be going this year?
Nick Howley: I would  I guess holistically say sure. We factored all of that into our general concerns about the market as we go forward, available green time, what planes they have available. I think all of this adds to the general uncertainty of the market as we go forward. And we just continue to focus on just take offs and landings as a predictor for what the market is going to do.
Kevin Stein: Rob, we are hopefully conservative. Thats what we want to be.
Robert Stallard: Yes.
Kevin Stein: Hopefully, were right, but we just dont know.
Robert Stallard: Fair enough. Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Herbert with Canaccord. You may now ask your question.
Ken Herbert: Hi, thanks. I wanted to first ask, Nick or Kevin, the potential divestitures you called out defense business is, it sounds like, if I remember legacy Esterline. Did anything fundamentally change in these businesses either in your ability to sort of get cost where you wanted or maybe the top line outlook wasnt what youd expected. Im just curious on timing of that and if anything fundamentally change with those businesses?
Kevin Stein: Well, other than, I mean I guess the thing that fundamentally changes the whole commercial market.
Ken Herbert: Right.
Kevin Stein: But I mean other than that, the businesses are what we thought, the structure is what it is, the cost savings are done or quite achievable and I dont see any difference in their proprietary content, sole source content, aftermarket content et cetera, other than the huge dislocation in the market. Yes, I would just  I agree completely. I dont think there is anything that has come up there. On the defense side, we have continued to implement the cost reductions and the like to improve the businesses. And I think they are better than the way we found them. We just dont see the same level of shareholder value generation in those businesses as we might see in some other ones. So we want to focus where we can make a difference in those businesses that align with our strategy. Thats the only thing. Thats different here. And we did comment from the beginning, I think much like you saw was Soriano [ph] and that some businesses we would evaluate and look to offload if we didnt see the value generation possibilities there.
Ken Herbert: Okay. So I guess the way to think about it is these businesses now that youve  have youve been into it for two years dont quite provide sort of the upside maybe that fits with what youd like to see across the portfolio?
Kevin Stein: No. I dont think, Id say that, I dont think Id say that. What Id say is that, they dont  our strategy is proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. I would say the things that we are looking at typically are not as proprietary as we like or dont have as much aftermarket as we like. I mean thats the issue.
Ken Herbert: Okay, perfect. And if I could just on the commercial aftermarket, youve talked in the past, Kevin, I believe about sort of the whipsaw effect as things do eventually come back at some point and I know who knows when that will be exactly. But has anything changed this down cycle, or is there anything structurally different now that would lead you to believe, we dont see sort of similar pace of recovery if and when we get to that or when we get to that point?
Kevin Stein: I have not seen anything that looks different to me yet at all. I have not seen any fundamental changes to the market or the way business is done to indicate that there would be a delay in the way we would see a recovery as people started to fly more.
Ken Herbert: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities. You may now ask your question.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for sticking around taking my question guys. Kevin, just on the aftermarket, I guess, I think you said it a couple of times with RPMs down 70%. Are the incoming bookings tracking with that down 70%? And if so how do we get comfortable if the incoming order flow is at that depressed level?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We remember aftermarket bookings are booking ship within the quarter. There is backlog that carries over from quarter-to- quarter. So you can  I guess draw the wrong conclusions by just looking at them. Were still seeing strong bid activity in general as we look at the POS data. Order book is in line with the takeoff and landing activities. So its in line with what were talking about. Im not  I dont know the exact percentage as Im sitting  as Im talking to you right now, but its  its not a  yes, its a concern as we go forward, as were looking. We have to continually follow the takeoff and landing cycles. There is some backlog in aftermarket, but not to the extent of OEM or defense. So it is book and ship within the quarter. So thats part of the uncertainty as we go forward, as we look forward. And why it would be difficult to provide guidance right now. If I had better visibility on that, we would be able to do that. Right now, we cant. So well have to see how this unfolds with people flying.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay.
Kevin Stein: Right now, were  we feel like were in the right place for the way the business is recovering. Weve not seen any fundamental changes. Weve not seen more use of USM, more USM flooding, more delays in any maintenance activity and reality. The both of our products are not exposed to C and D checks, their A and B checks as we reviewed in previous quarters with you guys. We dont see any reason why the aftermarket activity will not return to the same extent that it was before as people are flying like they were before. Its just going to be a little hard to predict from now to then as we recover.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. Understand.
Kevin Stein: The good and the bad of that is, you cant see out further than 60 days or 90 days in your aftermarket. And thats the most profitable chunk of it. Thats the good and the bad of it. You can move up quickly or you  when it starts to move up, which you cant see out much further than that right now.
Michael Ciarmoli: Yes, understood. Got it. And then just one on margins. I mean obviously a lot of focus on the EBITDA margins and the real good sequential increase. What was going on with the gross margins ticking down sequentially despite the higher volumes and the continued cost take out and how should we expect those gross margins to trajectory?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We had some noise in the gross margins over the quarter because of just an accounting classification in the way it works on the French leach  French facility that we mentioned to you guys before where we had a fire, the way the insurance recovery accounting works. Thats what drove the majority of the impact the real [ph] trend youre seeing. If you were to normalize for that, I think it would make a lot more sense.
Michael Ciarmoli: Yes, got it. Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America. You may now ask your question.
Ron Epstein: Hey, guys. Just a quick financial detail and maybe a broader question. So when you look at in 22, when interest deductibility switches from an EBITDA standard to an EBIT standard. How does that impact you guys?
Kevin Stein: Yes. Obviously, right now based on the tax plan in place, nationally in the US, it would result in a slight uptick in the tax rate by a couple of percentage points.
Ron Epstein: Okay. Okay, great. Thanks for the clarity on that. And then for Nick and Kevin, these disruptions can create opportunities, right. And do you think any differently about the business today than you did before the pandemic, right. I mean has the pandemic brought into focus for you guys aspects of the business, changes to the business things that you did really well, things you didnt do well that you know now that you might not have known before, right. I mean you get the sense of the question?
Kevin Stein: Yes, I do. We have learned about the business. Weve learned about what indicators might be better predictors, is it RPM, is it what  we have learned some things about how to follow the business weve learned that more reinforcing of our business model that. As Nick has always said at the beginning were consistent in our approach and that consistency we continued and the model proved that it was resilient going through really a once in a lifetime, once in a 100-year pandemic as it impacted our business that we were right. We could continue to pay the debt and the like and keep the business moving forward. We were right. I dont know beyond that, what weve learned about the business. It just validated some things from me that this is the incredible business we thought. The team is really strong and Ken lead and respond quickly and they know what to do. It was more reinforcing than learning new things, Ron.
Nick Howley: And I would agree with that, I would say, what it did for me not that I know that it, but it just reinforced sort of the strength of the business in the strategy in the model we have. I mean we quickly got the cost re-adjusted with the far in a way the most substantial dislocation Ive seen in my career in this industry, but we ran the same play and got the cost down. Weve done these different downside models, the deal with leverage issues. But frankly we never did one this bad. And we easily dealt within all and other without a bump in the road, in fact were able to raise money rights. So we felt pretty good about that.
Ron Epstein: Yes, great. All right, guys. Thank you.
Nick Howley: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. You may now ask your question.
Hunter Keay: Well, thanks for getting me on here. Hi, everybody. Can you guys just clarify a little bit, Kevin, what you said on the A to B checks versus the C and the D checks. Can you give me a sense for what your exposure is in the commercial aftermarket relative to those two buckets?
Kevin Stein: We have talked about this in the past. We are more exposed to A and B than we are to C and D. So its the significant more exposure on the A and B side to those checks, than to the C and D checks. We dont have to go through major checks to see opportunities for aftermarket for us.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Im kind of wondering what the order of magnitude, is it 3%  sorry 5% two-thirds something of that nature in that area?
Kevin Stein: Its more, but I dont know weve clarified exactly how much in the past.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Thats great. And then do your commercial OEMs ever get involved in your aftermarket pricing decisions. Have they ever in the past. And would you expect that to happen in the future?
Nick Howley: No, I wouldnt expect any difference from current status quo.
Kevin Stein: Yes.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Weve not seeing that involvement and I wouldnt expect it.
Hunter Keay: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Nick Howley: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Im showing no further question at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to Jaimie Stemen.
Jaimie Stemen: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes todays call. We appreciate your time. And again, thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q3 2020 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Liza Sabol, Treasurer and Director of IR. Thank you. Please, go ahead.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigms fiscal 2020 third quarter earnings conference call. Presenting this morning are TransDigms Executive Chairman, Nick Howley, President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, wed like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the companys latest filings with the SEC, available through the investors section of our website at sec.gov. We would also like to advise you that during the course of our call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I'll now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning, and thanks for calling in. As usual, I'll start with a quick overview of our strategy, a summary of a few significant items in the quarter, and then Kevin and Mike will expand and give more color. To reiterate, we're unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times, as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we must stay very focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. To summarize, here are some of the reasons we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over three-quarters of our net sales come from products, for which we believe we are the sole source products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have significantly higher margin, and over any extended period of time, provide relative stability in the downturns. The commercial aftermarket revenue, the revenue the largest and most profitable portion of our aftermarket, dropped sharply, as we expected due to the steep decline in air travel. This has happened during other severe shocks. However, in this unique situation, it will likely take longer to recover. Simply stated, our commercial aftermarket will recover as people worldwide start to fly again, though not necessarily in lockstep. There are indications of this starting to happen, but the rate of improvement is spotty and far from clear. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with our shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit that strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocation are a key part of our value creation methodology. As you saw from our press release, we had a decent performance in a very tough quarter. Revenue and EBITDA, as defined, were down substantially, with puts and takes, but roughly in line with the planning scenario we used for sizing. To roughly frame the Q3 revenues versus our planning assumptions, the commercial aftermarket wasn't down quite as badly. The commercial OEM was a little worse and our defense business was not quite as strong, due to backlog timing, tough comps and two operating unit specific situations. Fortunately, the year-to-date defense bookings are running well ahead of shipments, which continues to bode well, and the defense backlog available to ship in Q4 is strong. In addition to safety, the two most important items we focused on for the last quarter were: first, reducing our cost as quickly as possible. Kevin and his team did an outstanding job of reducing these costs very quickly. Our revenues were down roughly a-third from the previous run rate and we got our cost down almost ratably very quickly. We expect to get some further cost reduction in the fourth quarter. Second priority was to assure substantial liquidity. We raised an additional $1.5 billion at the beginning of the quarter. This new money raise is an insurance policy for these uncertain times. It's unlikely that we will need it. This is a great company, with outstanding products and market positions. The only way you get in serious trouble due to this market condition is if the situation becomes much worse than anyone expects and you run out of fuel or cash. We filled our tanks as full as we could at a reasonable price. The actual liquidity in Q3 was pretty good. We generated almost $400 million of positive cash flow and closed the quarter with a little under $4.6 billion in cash. Absent some large additional dislocation or shut down, we should come out of this with substantial amounts of firepower. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. Both the M&A and the capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially so today. Acquisition opportunities in the last quarter were minimal. This isn't unexpected. We are looking for good proprietary aerospace businesses as they tend not to sell in bad times. We are still actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. In general, on capital allocation, we will tend to be cautious until the recovery picture comes into focus a little more clearly. Hopefully, this won't be too much longer. We continue to suspend guidance. There is still just too much uncertainty. We will reinstitute the guidance when we feel we have a clearer picture. We do expect that, absent any large additional dislocation or shutdown, Q4 revenues should be better than Q3. We also expect some additional cost reductions in Q4. Depending on the exact shipping mix, this could result in modest margin expansions in the next quarter. We believe we are about as well positioned as we could be right now. We'll watch the market and react accordingly. And now let me hand it over to Kevin to review our present performance and expand on our assumptions and COVID-related activities.
Kevin Stein: Thanks, Nick. Today, I will first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter and then cover outlook and some COVID-19 related topics. Q3 was a challenging quarter against the backdrop of unprecedented slowdown across the commercial aerospace industry and a difficult global economy. In Q3, we saw a significant unfavorable impact on our business from the pandemic as demand for travel declined at a rapid pace and has remained depressed. Despite these headwinds, I am pleased that we were able to achieve an EBITDA as defined margin of 41.5%. Achieving this EBITDA as defined margin was primarily a result of our swift preemptive cost reduction actions and continued focus on our operating strategy. Due to COVID-19, our Q3 GAAP revenues were down approximately 33% versus prior year Q3, and EBITDA as defined, was down 36% versus the prior year. Mike will provide more details on the financials later in the call. Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2019. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market which makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 43% in Q3 when compared with Q3 of fiscal year 2019. The decline in the quarter did reflect a minimal headwind from the impact of the ongoing 737 MAX production halt. However, the decline is primarily due to the pandemic. Our quarterly commercial OEM bookings were down over 70% versus prior year quarter due to the OEM production rate cuts as a result of COVID-19's impact on commercial aircraft demand. We believe some level of inventory adjustment is likely in this result. The pandemic has caused a significant negative impact on the commercial OEM market, and we believe that we will continue -- and we believe that will continue. We are under the assumption that the demand for our commercial OEM products will be significantly reduced during the remainder of fiscal 2020 due to reductions in OEM production rates and the airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders. Longer term, the impact of COVID-19 is fluid and continues to evolve, but we anticipate significant negative impacts on our commercial OEM end markets for some uncertain period of time. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues declined by approximately 52% over the prior year quarter. In the quarter, the decline in the commercial transport aftermarket was primarily driven by decreased driven by decreased demand in the passenger and interior submarkets. There was also a decline in the commercial transport free market, but at a less impactful rate. Our quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings were down approximately 70% versus prior year quarter results. As a result of the decrease in air travel demand and uncertainties surrounding COVID-19, which is directionally in line with observed revenue passenger mile declines. The rapid and dramatic decline in demand for air travel began late in our Q2 as global restrictions on business and shelter-in-place orders went into effect in response to the pandemic. This led to a significant reduction in global flight capacity in parked aircraft across the world. Certain markets have reopened, some of which have since experienced a resurgence of COVID-19 cases while others, particularly international markets, remain closed or are enforcing quarantines. Airlines have added back some flight capacity. However, recent events have mostly slowed the recovery in the U.S., while the rest of the world seems to be improving slowly. Considering these variables, the shape and speed of the recovery remains uncertain. To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles are still at unprecedented lows, though off the bottom as a result of the pandemic. IATA recently forecast a 63% decrease in revenue passenger miles in calendar year 202, compared to 2019. Cargo demand was weaker prior to the COVID-19 crisis as FTKs have declined from an all-time high in 2017. However, a loss of passenger belly cargo due to flight cargo and reduced passenger demand could provide some unexpected opportunities. Cargo operations have been impacted to a much lesser extent by COVID-19 than commercial travel has. Business jet utilization data was pointing to stagnant growth before this economic downturn. Now during this pandemic and in the aftermath, the outlook for business jets remains unpredictable as business jet flights are rebounding, but due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel. The sustainability of this trend is difficult to foresee. As we review the future of the commercial aftermarket, a concern may rise around the potential impact from legacy airframe retirements. A wave of retirements could augment the surplus market or used in serviceable material market, which I will refer to as USM. USM has historically been a low risk for TransDigm. We conducted a study a few years back to validate the low-risk of USM for our business and recently did a refresh study that resulted in the same conclusion. We do not see a material exposure to USM at TransDigm. This USM market mainly focuses on high-value parts that have a resale unit price exceeding $5,000 to $10,000, are repairable and typically focused on engine, avionic or landing gear systems. Most of our parts fall well below this $5,000 to $10,000 level, a large percentage are consumable and are not engine-, avionic or landing gear-related. Additionally, our examination of part numbers targeted for USM resale and searches for TransDigm parts for sale in the USM market found an immaterial percentage of our aftermarket parts available for sale in the USM market, validating the low risk of USM for TransDigm. However, we will continue to closely monitor USM to watch for any changes in these historical trends. As the COVID-19 situation is ongoing, the duration and severity of the pandemic are still unclear and longer-term impacts for the commercial aftermarket are hard to predict. We do believe the commercial aftermarket will recover as long as air traffic continues to improve. So that aftermarket recovery is a question of when, not if. Now let me speak about our defense market, which is typically about 35% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, declined by approximately 12% compared to the prior year Q3. As a reminder, we are lapping tough prior year comparisons as our defense revenue accelerated in most of fiscal 2019. Year-to-date, defense bookings were up mid-single digits and have solidly outpaced year-to-date sales. As we have said many times, defense bookings and sales can be sales can be lumpy. This quarter, there were specific timing-related issues out of airborne systems due to delays in international parachute sales and a safety related issue, which delayed shipments at Armtec. We expect our defense business will continue to expand due to the strength of our current order book. Moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $424 million for Q3 was down 36% versus prior Q3. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 41.5%. I am pleased that in light of a difficult global economy and commercial aerospace industry, we held the EBITDA as defined margin almost flat with last year. We were able to achieve such an EBITDA as defined margin as a result of our cost mitigation efforts and a consistent focus on our operating strategy. On Esterline, we are now over a year post close. Despite the impact of COVID, the integration continues to progress and exceed our expectations for growth in this largest of TransDigm acquisitions. As we have stated in the past, we will no longer refer to any Esterline specific metrics as these businesses have become part of the fabric of TransDigm. Now let's look at our outlook. As mentioned, we currently expect COVID-19 to continue to have a significant adverse impact on our sales, EBITDA as defined and net income for at least the remainder of fiscal year 2020 under the assumption that the pandemic will negatively impact customer demand and commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket being the most adversely impacted due to the pandemic's impact on air travel worldwide. I do want to reiterate the market conditions we assumed for the second half of fiscal 2020 that we previously disclosed. As a reminder, this was not meant to be guidance but was used for our organizational rightsizing analysis that drove the reduction in force levels implemented to date. We are still utilizing the following with regard to organization sizing needs for the second half of fiscal 2020. Commercial aftermarket declines of 70% to 80%, we will likely perform better here. Commercial OE declines of 25% to 40%, we may perform a bit worse here. Defense growth in the mid-single digits, which is in line with our prior guidance for the defense end market, and this still appears possible. Next, I would like to review our COVID-19 response in more detail. We remain confident in our business model over the long-term and are focused on mitigating the impact of COVID-19 to our business while supporting customers and employees. Additionally, many of our businesses have taken the opportunity to explore new business opportunities by working on developing highly engineered solutions for emerging needs arising from COVID including antiviral, antimicrobial technology, air purification and touchless technologies, to name a few. A cross TransDigm team has been put in place, led by Joel Reiss, one of our most experienced Executive Vice Presidents, to help drive this effort. Now let me provide an update on specific cost saving actions we have taken in response to the reduced demand and uncertainty resulting from the pandemic. We always monitor these costs closely, but even more so in a downturn to ensure we react swiftly and thoughtfully in response to the current environment. We understand that we cannot control the external factors in the downturn, but we remain extremely focused on those items that we can control such as our cost structure. These cost mitigation efforts were previously disclosed and include total workforce reduction of greater than 30% was implemented, including both temporary and permanent reductions. This includes the previous reduction due to the 737 MAX production rate changes and the reduction in force due to COVID-19 implemented in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. This compares favorably to the target provided on the second earnings  second quarter earnings call. Furloughs continue to be utilized to align operations with customer demands until a more permanent view of the market can be realized. We will continue to vigilantly monitor our operations and external events or forecasts and will react quickly, as we always have, to further cost control needs. So let me conclude by stating, I am pleased with the speed at which TransDigm has responded to the pandemic, taking immediate actions to protect employees from the spread of the virus, while also dealing with the harsh reality confronting the broader commercial aerospace industry. The pandemic has been unprecedented, and uncertainty remains about the duration and impact on the pace and shape of any market recovery. However, we have a strong tenured management team that continues to remain poised and ever ready to act quickly and with purpose. We continually monitor the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and our own business to determine the best course of action. I have the utmost confidence that through our swift cost mitigation efforts and diligent focus on our operating strategy, the company will emerge more strongly from the ongoing weakness in our primary commercial end markets due to an improved cost structure. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'm not going to elaborate on the operating results for the quarter in too much more detail, as you can see that information in the press release and the presentation deck for today. Organic growth for the quarter was negative 33%, driven primarily by the commercial end market declines that Kevin referenced. Two quick updates on interest expense and then one more on taxes. Interest expense expectations are unchanged from last quarter and should be approximately $1.03 billion for the fiscal year. On taxes, our fiscal 2020 GAAP cash and adjusted rates will be 4 to 8 percentage points lower than our initial guide for the year due to benefits included in the CARES Act. This quarter, there was a bit of noise with the GAAP tax rate due to our low EBT that resulted in a rate spike to 114%. But as you'll see in the call slides for today, despite the high quarterly rate, our full year expected FY 2020 GAAP rate will still be in the 17% to 19% zipcode. Moving over to the balance sheet and liquidity, as of third quarter end, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio stood at 6.3 times. Assuming air travel remains depressed, this ratio will continue ticking up in coming quarters, as stronger quarters from last year roll out of the LTM EBITDA computation. On liquidity, cash generation for the quarter was stronger than we expected. This was driven primarily by net working capital inflows as a result of a collection on accounts receivable, mainly from our commercial customers who are now operating at reduced activity levels. While there is substantial uncertainty in our commercial end markets right now, we expect to continue running free cash flow positive going forward for the balance of the year. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in a good position here and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed commercial environment for quite some time. Our cash balance is now just under $4.6 billion, and additionally, we have access to over $500 million of our revolver should we need it. And as a reminder, on our capital structure, we don't face any sizable debt maturities until July of 2024, so almost four years from now. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Spingarn: Hi, good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Spingarn: Kevin, just diving right in, I just wanted to reconcile the aftermarket bookings down 70%, but sales down 52% or, I guess, 57%, if we just think about large jet. What is the lag here? And should we - well, you said, you'd outperform that 70% number? Is there a downside from here? And then as a follow-up to that, how do we think about what the level of pricing you're still able to capture?
Kevin Stein: So your first question is on CAM [ph] forecasts, I think and on pricing. I think pricing, I'll hit first. In previous downturns, we have not seen a limit or a restriction on our ability to drive value pricing as needed. Clearly, our costs are going up quite significantly in this. So yes, we're not anticipating any issues on price, and we haven't seen them before. On CAM - our forecast is a little bit uncertain. As you know, a chunk of our commercial aftermarket is book and ship within the quarter, and there's some amount of unknown in how this will unfold. I will tell you that our backlog remains reasonably strong. It's reasonably flat year-over-year or close to flat. So we're not seeing a massive drawdown in our backlog. We are seeing not a lot of cancellations either, which may be a question people have. We're seeing reschedules and pushouts. This leads us to be confident that Q3 will be the bottom and Q4 will be better. The exact market split of how that plays out is little uncertain as there are -- as there is uncertainty as we look forward. But we are anticipating things will get modestly better. But consistency here will not happen until there is consistency in the end market and consistent flights in the world. So we follow that closely.
Robert Spingarn: And just as a follow-up, how are you thinking about what's in the channel, in the distribution channel relative to what you're producing?
Kevin Stein: Well, our distribution channel, which is about 20% of our aftermarket, we do have some visibility to some of them on inventory levels, but that is minor by comparison to the rest of the industry. So no, I don't have visibility on what airlines or on the OEM side, what OEM partners are stocking currently. I tend to be surprised at times that the amount of inventory that's in the channel, but I have no indication of that right now. So we don't know what the inventory is like. We are seeing demand. We're seeing some urgent expedite demand in the aftermarket. So that would tell me that this is going to be fits and starts of recovery as we move forward.
Robert Spingarn: Thanks very much, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland: Hey. Good morning, team.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of quick ones. One, just to expand on that inventory comment, Kevin, not so much the channel, but your own inventories, do you anticipate that we're kind of peak here? When do those -- when do you expect that those kind of peak and work themselves down? And then, a second question on, your new opportunities. I know you guys have, in previous downturns, found ways to find niches that get exposed, by an external need that's revealed. And I don't know, if this one is too temporary in nature, but is there anything on that front that you could see developing that might be worth going after profitably? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: So inventory levels and new business opportunity. On inventory levels, we've seen our inventory levels increase more than we would have liked. This is not due to producing finished goods. And sticking them on shelves and continuing to run. These were scheduled raw material receipts largely. So we have work to do there. I think Mike would admit that as well, that our performance on AP and AR has been decent, but inventory, not to the extent it needs to be. So we have some work to do there, as we go forward. We do have that, I think, fully outlined to the team. We've talked about it with every business, as we've gone forward. On new business opportunities, I'll bring you back to 9/11, post-9/11 and opportunities that occurred there with cockpit door modules, and the locking mechanism, and depressurization for the cockpit door. That was developed by us, driven around the world. That has -- was a fantastic product that came out of that dislocation. We're looking for similar opportunities now. And that's why we've put a seasoned veteran of that business and that development of the cockpit door module, with Joel Reiss and to help drive new business opportunities that may be coming about, because of this pandemic. We've had interest from airlines and OEMs. And we'll see how this plays out. There's obviously a lot of interest. And we understand our role in helping to bring people back to flying, with the confidence necessary for the market to continue to grow. So we recognize our position in that and are very active in this. We'll see if anything comes, because of our efforts. But we are busy. Like I said in my comments, antimicrobial, antiviral, touch less technologies, there's so much that we have to offer. It's very exciting
Carter Copeland: Kevin just very quick
Kevin Stein: I'd add just one thing -- I'd just add one thing. In the free cash flow, that Mike talks about going forward that's a free cash flow, assuming you don't get any working capital reduction, just to be conservative, so.
Carter Copeland: Okay.
Kevin Stein: That also we can deal with it, yes, its important point.
Mike Lisman: When I mentioned inventory issues, that's from my -- with my operating cash, not from a cash flow.
Carter Copeland: Okay. And just as a follow-up, Kevin, to that, the comment on the new business. Is the primary hurdle here certification? And making whatever it is that you're going to produce, I guess, insulated in some way, like many of the other products you provide?
Kevin Stein: I don't know how to answer that. I think certification will of course be an issue and I think that gets put on to a thing needs to be certified. It will really be around desire and seeing how the market unfolds? And what the demand is. Certainly, touchless technology, I think, would be useful, always. I don't -- I think there will need to be a different way of thinking around flying, well, I suppose, in a lot of aspects of society. So, this is just one aspect of trying to put products in place that would make people feel more comfortable about flying, being stuck on a plane for 10 hours or more. And what does that look like and what can we offer to help achieve that.
Carter Copeland: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Morning.
David Strauss: In thinking about the aftermarket from here, and Kevin, given your commentary around limited exposure to USM, would you expect overall the -- your aftermarket to track just overall departure levels or flight hours? Do you think there still is the potential to see a wide level of variation between your aftermarket and the underlying just level of flight activity?
Kevin Stein: I think Nick said in the prepared comments that he would anticipate that it would be lumpy and there could be some dislocation to people flying more and how the market recovers. There's always a bit of a lag. That's natural. As the whipsaw flows through the supply chain, we have -- we're not seeing that yet. We'll be prepared for it when it happens. But I mean those are our thoughts right now. We - again, I want to stress; we react quickly to the market. We react quickly to what we see happening and coming at us. We adjust costs. We look at driving everything to variable cost, eliminating the thought of these are fixed costs and how do we -- how quickly how can we respond. Our forecasts are fluid often, as you know. What we can promise is quick execution, and that's what we delivered this last quarter and that's what we'll continue to deliver as the aftermarket unfolds in front of us. It could be lumpy. There could be some disconnects here and there. I don't see USM impacting us. I don't see PMA impacting us. So, eventually, as people fly, the business will come.
Nick Howley: I'd just add, the primary thing we are watching now is flights -- it's the number of flights, because to some degree, there's not much use worrying about how many people are on the flights until the flight start taking off.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, take-off and landing.
Nick Howley: I mean that's what we're watching now.
David Strauss: Okay. And then one to ask about the margin comment, I think you said you would expect there's a potential for margin improvement in the fourth quarter relative to what we saw in Q3. What are you assuming for kind of underlying mix in that comment? And at this point, given where we stand today, do you think above -- continued above 40% adjusted EBITDA margins are sustainable from here? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: Yes, let me take that because I made the comment. I think the above 40% -- we're not going to speak out into next year, but I think the above 40% is a good -- is a fine assumption for next quarter, again, absent some substantial dislocation or shutdown or something like that. We are -- we should -- we expect and we know we will have some additional cost reductions in the next quarter. But I'm not so sure -- Kevin or I am so sure, is exactly what will be the mix of shipments. You do get the place -- you do get some book and ship is in the commercial aftermarket, and that is -- that's the highest margin portion of the business. And I would say the -- I would say the tolerance band around that could be larger than the savings you might get out of the cost reduction. So it's a little -- it's just a little hard to predict. I think the above 40 is fine. I would expect we might get a little increase, but it's hard to know until we get the mix more exact.
David Strauss: All right. Thanks very much.
Mike Lisman: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Herbert with Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Ken Herbert: Hi, good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Ken Herbert: Just -- Kevin or Nick, I just wanted to follow-up on the aftermarket comments. Kevin, your comments, specifically called out some variability in what we've seen geographically. And I'm just wondering if you could comment on trends you're seeing in the aftermarket by various geographic regions and if there's any reason why your aftermarket revenues might be over or underweighted in a particular region relative to the broader industry breakout?
Kevin Stein: Ken, we don't review our aftermarket performance orders, booking, sales by geography like that. So it's difficult for us. When things go through distribution or some of the OEM partners, we don't get that visibility where things end up. So I don't have any insight for you on the geographies. I've heard from our partners that China is improving, that Asia is doing much better. We're using that as the canary in the coal mine for how the rest of the business should be doing. We're starting to see that pick up. I can only use, say that anecdotally, again, from conversations with our distribution partners. That's the only thing I can offer on geography right now.
Ken Herbert: Okay. That's helpful. And it sounds, obviously, that you're expecting or seeing some sequential improvement. Can you just provide any commentary on maybe bookings through July in the aftermarket, and sequentially, any of the trends you've seen coming out of the second quarter?
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I can't comment on July. What I can say is that -- and again, this is just an indicator. During the quarter, we saw our total bookings improve month-over-month during the quarter across the business. And also POS, as I look at our distribution partners, we've seen POS improve month-over-month. Directionally, it's down the same amount that our business is down, but we've seen it start to start to improve off of the very deep low in  early on in the quarter in April. So I try to  I offer that as some color on things are gradually improving from demand and shipments.
Ken Herbert: Okay. I leave it there. Thank you very much.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS. Your line is now open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Nick, you commented on the lack of  maybe lack of desire and counterparties to sell in a downturn. Just kind of looking back to prior 2008-2009 or even softer situations in the mid-2000s, it's not clear that there was any big pauses in your deal flow during that period of time. So I'm just curious, are you sensing that, that be reluctant? Or are you seeing the reluctance of offerings to the market?
Nick Howley: We aren't seeing much. We aren't seeing much. And this  if you have particularly a commercial business, it seems to me to be not a particularly good time to be selling it, if you have any choice. And, as frankly, the data would say that we aren't seeing any or any significant number.
Myles Walton: Yeah. Okay. And then, Kevin, maybe can you comment on the Armtec safety situation you mentioned? And this, I think, came with Esterline. Is there something, can you quantify it and how quickly it resolves itself?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. It's an ongoing effort for us. The Armtec business makes, well, armament products, chaff, flares and the like. And we had a safety incident that has caused us to shut down production and to have to rework some of our manufacturing processes, procedures. This will be resolved, but this competitive business is not  it's a driver of revenue for us, but is very competitive, military. So it's a big driver of revenue, not a great driver of EBITDA. This has been a headache for us, but the team is working through it.
Myles Walton: Is it necessary to get back up to get to that mid-single-digit for the year? Is that the precursor?
Kevin Stein: Interesting question. As I  I don't think it's necessary for Armtec to be back up and running. We continue to make progress there, as we do across airborne and a few other businesses that we called out some of this, which was just lumpiness. As we look forward, we  as we look forward into Q4, we have the backlog necessary to support our forecast. We just need to now see if it all comes to pass. But it's  the military backlog tends to be more consistent. It tends to be  you can count on that. It's booked out further in advance. So we feel reasonably confident about this  the next quarter here, Q4.
Myles Walton: Okay, great. Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: Just two questions. First, I was wondering if  what would you anticipate the duration of the OEM product destocking will be, how many quarters. And just based on indications from customers? And then lastly, to follow-up on Myles' question, how much of an impact did the two issues you cited at the defense units. Like, can you quantify the sales impact from those that we are going to make up eventually?
Kevin Stein: Well, yes, as far as that impact, it was  you follow the lion's share rule. I mean, those are the things that jump out to you. Obviously, that doesn't account for all of it. There was some lumpiness in the rest of the business that bore out in the scheduled deliveries. That seems to shake out in Q4. But again, we'll have to watch that closely. On anticipated product restocking order, you know, the inventory levels that are in the system, how long they will have to burn down, I really don't know. I don't have any visibility on inventory levels. I anticipate that they don't have a lot of our products, but we really don't know that for certain. So I can't give you any time frame on how long destocking will last.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard: Thank you so much. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: This is probably a question for Nick. Kevin, you described the downturn you've seen so far as unprecedented. But I was wondering, if you look at what your airline customers have done so far, are they doing anything different from what you've seen in prior down cycles?
Nick Howley: I would say the slam down in value is harder and appears to last longer. I mean it just essentially just froze up in April and is still not very good, the ordering levels in the aftermarket. Even after 9/11, by this point, it was probably starting to come back.
Robert Stallard: Right. Thats helpful.
Nick Howley: I mean, you all know, you can watch the flights around the world. I can't remember but I think David Strauss who publishes it every day. Ultimately, that will determine the rate of pickup and if you look at that, the U.S. has stalled a little at about 50 -- 45% to 50% off run rate. They've stalled a little. China seems to be coming back fairly well, particularly the domestic wounds. And Europe is picking up a little but slowly. But the rate of recovery is slow and spotty.
Robert Stallard: I was wondering if there'd been anything more structural if you've seen any more like aggressive destocking or restructuring of just the phasing of maintenance, you know, a lot of these airlines are in survival mode. I was just wondering about that.
Nick Howley: We haven't -- I don't think Kevin, have we?
Kevin Stein: No. We've not seen anything like that. Yes, just not there.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then as a follow-up to that, have you seen any problems as yet with bad debts on the airline side?
A - : Mike?
Mike Lisman: Very limited in the area of $1 million. We look at weekly and monitor it, but nothing material.
Robert Stallard: Okay. Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth Seifman: Thanks. Thanks very much and good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: I guess, if we think about kind of where IATA forecasts traffic levels coming back to 2019, which, I guess, was 2023, now it's kind of 2024, say, it's in that time range, I'd imagine your aftermarket revenues can probably get back there sooner. How would you think about the lead time where your aftermarket revenues would return to the prior level?
Kevin Stein: We don't really know. We're just -- we're planning on following it closely. I follow the same estimates and guidance that the analyst community throw out, whether it's 2023 or slightly thereafter. I don't have any reason to have a better number than that. But again, I will say our goal is to react quickly, to execute quickly on whatever we see in the marketplace, you can count on us to do that. So that's how we look at the world.
Nick Howley: And the only thing I'd add is -- and again, I don't -- I have no insight into the future. I'd watch the flights first. How are the flights picking up around the world? And then once the flights start to get start to get back up close to a number, then how full are they getting.
Seth Seifman: Yes. Okay. And then as a follow-up, just to maybe beat the Armtec dead horse a little bit further. Was there any -- you mentioned it was probably a lower than average margin business. But were there costs related to the safety issues in the quarter that were in the adjusted EBITDA that then go away in the fourth quarter? And if there were
Kevin Stein: I don't think so. Mike is shaking his head.
Mike Lisman: Nothing really material, guys. They have a facility that had an issue that's partial shutdown and ramping back up, but nothing material that we took as add-back in the quarter on costs.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey, good morning guys. I apologize if I missed it, but just on airline commentary, what are you seeing in terms of pricing commentary, what are you seeing in terms of pricing as some of these airlines cut maintenance CapEx or expenses more than RPKs?
Kevin Stein: Yes. The pricing possibility -- the pricing lever in the commercial space, commercial world, we've seen this -- our prices stick, I guess, in previous downturns, and we're anticipating something similar. We have seen our costs go up quite significantly as we've worked our way through this. And that is justification to work with our customers to pass along some of that. The market is -- yes, it's fits and starts as we go forward.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, great. And then just on free cash flow conversion, it was really good in the quarter. How do we think about the cash balance to end the year? And then just on capital deployment, given uncertainty in a commercial aftermarket recovery, does it make debt paydown more appealing for the first time?
Mike Lisman: Well, on the cash balance, we expect it to be higher at the end of the year, but we -- I don't think it will be $400 million higher. It will be higher. The bulk of it came out this quarter from accounts receivable. It should pick up a little bit next quarter, but obviously, it depends on the EBITDA we generate and what happens in Q4. But we are running free cash flow positive. It will tick up by at a minimum several tens of millions of dollars, but not $400 million like it did this quarter and hopefully, more than just a few ten millions. That's number one. What was the second question?
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just on aftermarket recovery, prolonged recovery, nobody is selling, you probably don't want to buy with revenue projections. So, what about debt paydown?
Kevin Stein: Instead of acquisitions.
Nick Howley: Instead of acquisitions. I'd be surprised if we do anything like that in the next quarter.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. Your line is now open.
Peter Arment: Yes, good morning Nick, Kevin, Mike. Nick, maybe just this is just a quick follow-up question for you just regarding when you said you raised the $1.5 billion this past quarter, but you probably won't need it. Just what were you thinking over the terms of time throughout this downturn that you won't need it? Or just maybe I was looking for a time line of what your thinking was on that?
Nick Howley: Well, our thinking on raising, it was pretty simple. It looked like the whole world was dislocating at the end of March and the beginning of April. And as I said, this is a great business and the only way you could possibly follow it up during this market condition was to have it get much worse and going much longer than anybody anticipates and run out of fuel. And we just wanted to be absolutely sure that wasn't a risk for us. And we were now  price the debt market and the price of a little more insurance didn't seem excessive for the protection it might give you. I think it's very unlikely we need it. I believe, again, absent some large dislocation or additional national shutdown or international shutdown, I think we will continue to pile up cash, and we will develop very substantial firepower. When we feel more comfortable and we feel like we got a little clearer view of the world, then we'll decide what to do with that. I would say, as always, once the smoke clears, our preference is always to make accretive acquisitions. Well, our first preference is to fund our businesses, but that shouldn't be a problem, because theyre on cash positive. Our next choice is always to make accretive acquisitions that fit our strategy when we can find them. If we can't find them, our third choice is to give it back to the shareholders in some form, and our last choice is probably to pay off the debt, particularly given the level of our cost of debt now. And that priority hasn't changed. As we ring down our  we kind of dropped through our priorities. Exactly where we will end up depends on how the market  both the capital market, the acquisition market and the aerospace market play out.
Peter Arment: Thats good color. Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ron Epstein: Good morning, guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Ron Epstein: This is a follow-up on maybe a couple of questions that happened earlier. If had it actually right, and we don't get back to 2019 global air traffic levels until 2024, right, does that change at all how you think about the strategy of the business? What would you do differently? Does M&A become more important? Do you think about diversifying into other engineered, highly engineered products? I mean, or is everything just stay the same, it just takes a little longer to get back to where we were?
Nick Howley: I think we'll have to watch that as it goes along. Our inclination, our strong inclination is to stay what we do -- stay with what we do well. We'd love to see some good acquisitions in our space come up, but again, that's always hard to predict. But if we're out there chipping away at the rock, I can't imagine we won't find something. And our next choice generally would be if we have extra money to give it back to the shareholders. And I think that's -- those are still our priorities. Now if things went on and on and on, and we saw no way to accrete value, we have to think about what else we might want to do. But that's pretty far down the pecking order right now.
Ron Epstein: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe, Nick, just to think about improvement into the fourth quarter, I mean, clearly, it sounds like defense is going to improve. But without knowing the inventory in the channel on the OEM side, taking into account the recent cuts by Boeing and Airbus. And I mean, I guess I'm looking at the aftermarket bookings being down 70%. And you kind of touched kind of touched on some of the older planes being retired from a USM perspective. But I can recall you guys had  I don't know if it was a real old slide deck exposures to 777s, 57s. Thinking about the headwinds just from those planes not flying anymore from consuming your parts. I mean, how do  I mean, I guess, I'm just trying to figure out the probabilities or how you guys are thinking about the scenarios of improvement in this coming fourth quarter? It still seems like there's a lot of unknowns out there.
Nick Howley: There are of course, unknowns and I dont  were surely not going to give a number for the fourth quarter, particularly because the commercial aftermarket is kind of hard to get your arms around exactly. But we  again, absent any significant dislocation or additional shutdown, we're pretty comfortable that the revenue will be higher next  in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter. I think much more specificity than that we're not comfortable with. Kevin, do you agree?
Kevin Stein: I do. And I would also add that the  what we think is important to our business is, I think we talked about earlier, and Nick alluded to it, it's not necessarily passengers on the plane. It's takeoff and landings. It's cycles. It's flights. Whether there's people on them or not or they're load factors, those impact airlines. But there's a lot of our products that have to be changed no matter what. No matter how many people are on the plane, that's not true for everything. In the aftermarkets, obviously, boarding and disembarking from a flight certainly will wear out some of the materials on the walls and floors and seat belts. But a lot of the plane needs to be serviced no matter what. And that's what we're counting on. We believe we're market weighted as we look at wide-bodies and narrow bodies. Clearly, international wide-bodies account for a large  a disproportionate share of RPMS, that's why takeoff and landing cycles, we think, are a great way to look at a driver for aftermarket content.
Michael Ciarmoli: What about those legacy platforms that have gotten retired? I mean, is that a big headwind? I mean, those cycles are just going to be gone for the marketplace.
Kevin Stein: Yes. It's certainly a headwind. There's no doubt about it. We're not going to bury our heads in the sand on this and pretend that, that's not going to be an impact. Certainly, and as planes are brought back from retirements, it's generally newer planes that are brought back. Clearly, that's in the mix. But let's remember that what matters most to us in the aftermarket is plans off of warranty. Whether they're very old legacy or newer planes that have entered the aftermarket realm, yes, you make more money on old legacy planes slightly more percentage points but there's many less of them flying. So again, it's market weighted that matters to us. And that's  again, what we're following is those takeoff and landings, the cycles, the flights. That's what we'll drive in. I think our results so far have shown that. We'll see how this continues. I expect it will be lumpy. As we go forward, including the aftermarket, defense business on both markets. But it will improve as people fly.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. Helpful. Thanks, guys.
Nick Howley: We don't believe there's any disproportionate waiting when old airplanes that are being retired.
Kevin Stein: That's right.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Liza Sabol for any closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, again. This concludes today's call. Thank you for your time and for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude your program, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TransDigm Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays comments are being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference to your speaker today Liza Sabol, Please go ahead..
Liza Sabol: Good morning. Thank you and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2020 earnings conference call. Presenting this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning and thanks to everyone for calling in. Today, I'll start off with some comments as usual about our consistent strategy. Then quickly hit a little on the last quarter, an overview of our efforts with respect to the COVID-19 and the related market deterioration, and some short comments on capital allocation. Kevin and Mike will expand on most of these. To reiterate, we believe we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times, as well as our ability to create and protect intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products, and over three quarters of our net sales come from products from what we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have significantly higher margins and over any extended period of time provide relative stability in the downturn. In the commercial aftermarket, the largest and most profitable portion of our aftermarket, the demand appears likely to drop very sharply. This has happened during other severe shots. However, in this unique circumstance, it could likely take longer to recover, simply stated our commercial aftermarket won't start to recover much until people start to fly again. Our longstanding goal is to give our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy specifically we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket concepts. We utilize a simple, well proven, value-based operating methodology. In a current situation, we had to move past to adjust our costs, while maintaining the other aspects of our value creation methodology. We have a decentralized organization structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. We acquire businesses that fit with our strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocation are key part of our value creation methodology. As you saw from our press release, we have a solid performance in both the second quarter and the first half of fiscal year 2020. Revenues and EBITDA as defined were up substantially. We continue to generate real intrinsic value for our investors. Unfortunately, this all happened in a different environment than that which has been thrust upon us in the last 60 days. Last quarter, we expressed concerns about both the durability of the commercial aerospace production cycle and the early signs of Pacific Rim air travel slowing. As a result, we began to adjust our cost structure down in January and February of this year. In March, it became clear that the COVID-19 situation and the related government actions around the world will substantially and negatively impact the worldwide commercial aerospace business. Exactly how badly, we just can't yet know for sure. However, we also can't wait for perfect information. We're not moving fast and we will adjust as the situation clarifies. In addition to safety, the two most important items we focused on immediately were. One, reduce our costs as quickly as possible. And two assure substantial liquidity that things get worse than might be expected. To address these first, the cost reduction, we have significant experience in dealing with severe downturns. Our process is pretty consistent. We make the best estimate we can for a six month run rate. We then try our best to get our costs down enough the whole EBITDA as defined margin at that estimated run rate. This is perhaps more difficult than usual now in this situation. In order to size new organization and our cost structure, we made certain assumptions regarding our major market segments. These are not meant as revenue guidance. We just don't know enough, but only in these the size, our cost cutting efforts. The only thing I know for sure is that we won't be exactly right and we'll have to adjust upward down. In aggregate, Im hopeful that we are appropriately conservative. Kevin will explain this in some more detail. We quickly reduced our cost structure in line with these assumptions. Most of these actions are in place already to remind everyone these costs are in addition, so the cost cuts we made earlier in the second quarter. We believe we can get costs out ratably with our reduced revenue sizing estimates. We define costs as revenue minus EBITDA as defined. However, there will likely be a significant mix headwind, if the short drop in the highly profitable commercial aftermarket continues for the full six months. This will make holding the run rate EBITDA as defined margin in the mid-40s range tough. We think we can come reasonably close to this. It will be hard to get all the way there. With respect to liquidity, the liquidity appears to be fine based on any of the market forecast we've seen. We expect to run cash positive over any extended period including covering all required principle and interest payments. However, given the substantial market uncertainty, we decided to raise additional money and borrowed $1.5 billion in April. This new debt has no maintenance covenants and no maturities until 2025. This new money is an insurance policy for these uncertain times. It's quite unlikely we need it. This is a great company without standing products in market positions. The only way you get in trouble here is, if the situation becomes a much worse than anyone expects in your run out of fuel or cash. We're filling our tanks as full as we can at a reasonable price. Pro forma for the new debt, our cash balance is 4.2 billion as of 3/20/ 8/20. Again, I doubt we will need this money, but better safe than sorry and this environment we hope to come out of this with a lot of firepower. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. Both the M&A world and the capital market world are always difficult for them, especially today. As a general rule, we will tend to be fairly cautious until the smoke clears a little bit. We have withdrawn our 2020 guidance. There's just too much uncertainty. We will re-institute our guidance when we feel we have a clearer picture. Our fiscal year 2020 started off strong. The first half was good, but the second half will be pretty rocky. We believe we are about as well positioned as we can be for right now. We'll watch how the situation develops and react accordingly. Now hand this over to Kevin to review our recent performance and expand on our assumptions and COVID-related activities.
Kevin Stein: Thanks Nick. Today, I will first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter, and then cover outlook and some COVID-19 related topics. We are pleased with the solid Q2 results, particularly considering the increasingly difficult global economy and commercial aerospace industry. In Q2, we saw a modest unfavorable impact to our commercial aftermarket, and OEM sales for COVID-19 pandemic, as approximately last three weeks of the quarter were negatively impacted. Despite these headwinds, our second quarter operations specifically revenue and EBITDA defined expanded compared to Q2 last year, due in part to positive organic growth, as well as continuing acquisition integration and our announced preemptive cost reduction actions. Q2 GAAP revenues were up approximately 24% versus prior year Q2 and EBITDA defined was up 19% versus the prior year with margins approaching 47% of revenue. Michael will provide more details on the financials later. Now, we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year periods in 2019. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note that this market analysis discussion includes the results of the former Esterline businesses. We began to include Esterline in this market analysis discussion in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 3% in Q2, when compared with Q2 of fiscal year 2019. The decline in the quarter did reflect a minimal headwind from the impact of the ongoing 737 MAX production haltand early OEM declines related to the pandemic. It is already clear that the COVID-19 pandemic will have a significant negative impact on the commercial OEM market. We are under the assumption that the demand for commercial OEM products will be significantly reduced during the second half of fiscal 2020, due to reductions in OEM production rates and airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders. Longer term, the impact of COVID-19 is fluid and continues to evolve, but we anticipate significant negative impacts on our commercial OEM market for some uncertain period of time. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 1% over the prior year quarter. In the quarter, flat commercial transport aftermarket was driven by stronger growth in passenger and interior submarkets, offset by a decline in the commercial transport freight market. Our quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings were down over 10% versus prior year quarter. Most of the decline came in March of this year, but likely does not paint the correct picture for the remainder of the fiscal year, as we expect a sharper decline in the second half. There was a rapid into dramatic decline in demand for air travel during our Q2, as global restrictions on business and shelter in place orders went into effect in response to COVID-19. This led to a significant reduction in global flight capacity and parked aircraft across the world. To hit a few of these points, global revenue passenger miles are at unprecedented lows as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. IATA recently forecast the 48% decrease in revenue passenger miles in calendar year 2020 compared to 2019. For cargo demand, this was already weaker prior to the COVID-19 crisis as STKs have declined from reaching an all-time high in 2017. However, a loss of passenger belly cargo due to COVID-19 flight restrictions could provide some unexpected opportunities. Business jet utilization data was already pointing to stagnant growth before this economic downturn, so now during this pandemic and in the aftermath, the outlook for business jets is more unpredictable and certainly weaker. As the COBIT 19 situation is ongoing, the duration and severity of the pandemic are still unclear and long-term impacts for the commercial aftermarket are hard to predict. Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 35% of our total revenue. The defense market which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues was about flat compared to the prior year Q2. As a reminder, we are lapping tougher prior year comparisons as our defense revenue accelerated in most of the fiscal 2019. Year-to-date, defense bookings have surpassed our expectations driven primarily by very robust defense OEM booking growth. Total defense booking as solidly outpaced year-to-date sales although bookings grew across most of the businesses, APKWS and parachute-related bookings were especially strong in the quarter. With continued good order flow and defense, we anticipate any favorable trends in immediate future will come from this segment. Now moving to profitability, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance for EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about 675 million for Q2 was up 19% versus prior Q2. EBITDA defined margin in the quarter was just under 47%. Our EBITDA as defined margin expanded both sequentially and over the prior year period, as a result of our cost mitigation efforts, any consistent focus on our operating strategy. Excluding Esterline, margins in our legacy business improves both sequentially as well as over prior year quarter. On Esterline we are now over a year post-close. The integration continues to progress and to date the acquisition is exceeding our expectations for growth in this largest of TransDigm acquisitions. As we have stated in the past, we will now no longer refer to any specific metrics as these businesses have now become part of the fabric of TransDigm. Now moving to the second half 2020. In light of the uncertainty around the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on global market and economic conditions and the highly fluid commercial aerospace industry, we still feel it is too early to provide forward looking guidance at the current time. As Nick said, once we have a better picture we will reinstitute guidance. However, I wanted to provide a bit more detail on the end market conditions. We assumed for the second half of our fiscal 2020. This is not guidance. We always have a bias to act quickly and right size the cost structure when required, when completing the organizational rightsizing analysis that drove the reduction in force levels implemented to date, we assume the following with regard to the organization sizing needs for the second half of fiscal 2020, again, organization sizing. Commercial aftermarket declines of approximately 70% to 80%, commercial OEM declines of 25% to 40%, and defense growth in the mid single digit, which is in line with our prior guidance for the defense end market. Next, I would like to review our COVID-19 response and expectations in more detail. As mentioned, we currently expect COVID-19 to have a significant adverse impact on our sales, EBITDA as defined a net income for the second half of fiscal 2020. Under the assumption that the COVID-19 outbreak will negatively impact our non-defense customers and their demand for our products and services during the second half of fiscal 2020 particularly in the commercial aftermarket. As Nick said earlier, we remain confident in our business model over the long-term and are focused on mitigating the impact of COVID-19 to our business while supporting customers and employees. Since the early days of the outbreak, we have been following guidance from the World Health Organization and the U.S. Center for Disease Control to protect employees and prevent the spread of the virus within all of our facilities globally. Some of the actions implemented include flexible work-from-home scheduling, alternate shift schedules, pre-shift temperatures screenings were allowed by law, social distancing, appropriate PPE, facilities deep cleaning and paid quarantine time for impacted employees. Most of our facilities remain in operation, even if some are operating and reduced levels, as they are deemed essential businesses by government entities since we are the sole provider for many programs, including critical defense platforms. We are committed to preserving the health and safety of our employees, while continuing to meet our customer commitments. In an effort to assist in the fight against COVID-19, certain of our businesses have begun producing medical equipment that is critically needed during the global pandemic. Our AmSafe Restraints business is producing respirators and surgical gowns, while Mason is producing face shields. We are grateful for this ability to contribute to the fight against COVID-19. Now before we move to specific cost cutting measures that Nick mentioned, it is important to understand that we view a very high percent of our costs as variable. Cost meaning revenue less EBITDA. Roughly half of our spending is related to materials including production materials or subcontractor services that are production related including plating, painting and machining. Those costs should largely flex with volumes. The next big bucket is people and benefits or direct items related to employment and is more than one third, but less than 40% of our costs. And the remaining 10% to 15% of costs include all other. We monitor these costs closely and as such let me highlight some specific class savings actions we have taken in response to the reduced demand and uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. These cost mitigation efforts were previously the disclosed but worth reviewing and additional reduction in force to align operations with customer demand. These actions are incremental to the cost mitigation efforts previously implemented in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, mainly in response to 737 MAX production rate changes and bring our total workforce reductions since our last earnings call to approximately 22% to 25% versus planned headcount levels. Furloughs, we're implementing a 1 to 8 week furloughs at many businesses over the next six months in response to specific situations. And substantially reducing cash compensation for the senior management team for the balance of fiscal 2020 and the Board of Directors will forego their annual retainer fees. We will continue to vigilantly monitor our operations and external events and keep the market updated on developments as appropriate. Excuse me. So let me conclude by stating. I am pleased with the speed at which TransDigm has responded to the COVID-19 pandemic, taking immediate actions to protect employees from the spread of the virus while also dealing with the harsh reality confronting the broader commercial aerospace industry in the near term. While the actions that the current circumstances require, ranging from broad cost reductions to furloughs, and a rightsizing of the employee base are difficult to implement, I have no doubt that we will better position the Company to endure and emerge more strongly from the ongoing weakness in our primary commercial end markets. With that, I'll now turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Good morning everyone, I'm not going to elaborate on the results for the quarter any further, as you can see the details in the press release on sales, EBITDA as defined and adjusted EPS growth. I just quickly want to highlight the updates on interest expense and then tax rates included in the call slides for today. Interest expense will pick up slightly due to the new debt issuance, but it's partially mitigated by the decline and expected average LIBOR for the balance of our fiscal year. On taxes, our fiscal 2020 GAAP cash and adjusted tax rates will be 3 to 8 percentage points lower than the previous guidance due to benefits included in the cares act, primarily the expansion in the interest deduction limitation from 30% of EBITDA to 50% of EBITDA. Moving over to the balance sheet and liquidity, as of second quarter end, our net debt to the EBITDA ratio stood at 5.9 times. On the recent debt issuances, Nick mentioned our thinking here. The 1.5 billion of debt is basically an insurance policy and while the interest rates were slightly higher than we would like, two quick points worth mentioning. The after tax rates look better due to the interest deduction limit expansion included in the CARES Act; and then second, the terms on the debt are such that we can repay it or refinance it in two to three years without too much penalty, should we decide that that's the best use of capital at that point in time. While there's substantial uncertainty in our commercial end markets right now, we do expect to run free cash flow positive for the back half of the fiscal year, under the sizing assumptions that Kevin describes in detail. From an overall cash, liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we're in good position here. We have a sizeable $4.2 billion cash reserve and we don't face any big debt maturities until July of 2024, so 50 months from now. We expect that the commercial aerospace industry will find its footing before then. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Melius Research.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of questions for you guys. One, the mix of products and platforms, on the back end of this crisis, what do you foresee in terms of the impact on the business? I realize we're kind of unprecedented. We're going to take several platforms effectively out of service at this point. And so, is there some offset there from shutting particular product lines or what not, anything you can do to help us, understand that would be appreciated?
Kevin Stein: So, this is related to a market waiting. We believe we're market leaded across our business in the platforms that we support. So, we're not overexposed to anyone platform or other. Obviously, as planes get older as platform get older, they do become slightly more profitable overtime as we've been able to work our value drivers on them. But since we think of ourselves as market weighted, we're not as concerned right now. We'll have to see how this plays out. Right now, it's all speculation. Our plan in this, Carter, is to follow the revenue stream closely look at the order book, and to react accordingly as aggressively and quickly as possible. The speculation side of this is always hard for us to rationalize. But again, we believe we are market weighted or distributed across the platforms that are sold in use today, and not overexposed to anyone. Certainly there's going to be some impact in the future, but we're just going to have to weigh that as it about.
Carter Copeland: And then just as a quick follow-up, the comment on M&A and Nick, you alluded towards waiting till the dust settles, but I just find myself wondering in this scenario, if there are small opportunities that pop up before the dust settles. How you'd be thinking about those? And if you compare this to the prior downturns we've gone through, what's the thought process? How does this normally go?
Nick Howley: Yes, I'll try to address that a couple of ways. One, we're not out of the business, but I think we'd have to say that we're going to be -- we're more cautious now than we would have been six months ago. We're probably a little more skeptical of any valuation someone would come up with. But we're not shut down, but we're definitely cautious here for a while. I would say in the past quarter, Carter, we buy, good businesses and trying to make a very good. We typically don't buy fixer uppers or in our bad businesses, we're looking for proprietary stuff with a fair amount of aftermarket. Generally, people will sell that kind of stuff in depressed times. That's not to say, if you say a word every now and then you might be able to pick one off but it's unusual because of the kinds of things we buy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Do you have the number on how much your commercial aerospace aftermarket revenues declined in April versus April of last year?
Kevin Stein: We did look at that and what tell you is that I think it aligns with our sizing assumptions for that one month period. Now a one month does not six months me, so we'll have to keep a close eye on it. But it aligns more or less with our sizing assumptions.
Nick Howley: And the only thing I'd add to that is, I think it was clear, but in Kevin sizing of 70%, 80% down in the commercial aftermarket. We're assuming that stays that way for six months, which we hope is a very conservative assumption, right. But that's what we're using for sort of our sizing and cost planning for right now.
Noah Poponak: Just kind of staying on Carter's question on, the question we're hearing most frequently from investors is. If the makeup of the fleet when the dust has settled here is going to decline and age significantly as older aircraft are retired. What's the impact of trans -- Kevin understanding that your answer there is your market weighted, I'm assuming your kind of market weighted on units, but I don't know if you'd be willing to quantify it even if a rough order of magnitude. What percentage of your aftermarket revenues come from 20 year or older airplanes? And then also, if you'd even give us some direction on how much higher the margins are in that older bracket versus your average aerospace aftermarket?
Kevin Stein: The only thing I would say about older products is, they're slightly more profitable. It's not like it's a wild difference. I do believe we're market weighted on this. I don't believe we're overexposed to any platform products. Certainly, MD 80s, we might expect we'll go away. That is going to have a small impact to us of course. But we think that it's weighted by the markets. There's not that many of them out there. That's our answer today on this. We just need to keep watching. The best thing you can use to analyze the market is the order stream coming in. And that's what we need to follow closely and ensure we're getting ahead of the cost side as well as where there's opportunity for additional sales where there's opportunity both on the defense and in the commercial space. There are still opportunities that you need to capitalize on.
Noah Poponak: That's helpful. I'm just going to sneak in one last one, Nick, on the effort to hold the EBITDA as defined margin, somewhere in the zone where you had in the first half. Understanding that it's a difficult task with how quickly things are moving, but you have tried to match the cost of the revenue. In hearing you talk about that, proving harder than prior downturns. Do you foresee a scenario where your EBITDA margin gets a free handle on it in any of the next four quarters? Or are we talking more, a couple of hundred basis points of potential deterioration?
Nick Howley: I don't want to speculate on that. I would hope not. But I don't want to speculate. You know, the problem is the math is obvious. You know, if you're revenue drops X percent and you take an X out of the cost, everything works as long as your mix stays the same. Typically in the downturn what has happened is you had a much sharper drop in the OEM than you did in the aftermarket. So that wasn't that tough a job. I appreciate. Got you got a little tailwind from the mix here you got a headwind, which makes it harder. We look at the EBITDA margins kind of running in the mid forties. As I say, I would hope we could come reasonably close to that, which I'm hopeful that means we could stay in the forties and I hope a little more than just over the edge. But that's going to be very dependent on the duration. And the depth of the aftermarket drop. People need to start flying again. This will be tough.
Noah Poponak: Sounds like you have a process to stay there, but just with a high degree of uncertainty relative to everything?
Nick Howley: That's right. And the problem is the math of a very sharp aftermarket drop.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: Just wanted to ask you, Nick or Kevin, on the -- just sticking with this topic, but in terms of the kind of exposure that you have to use serviceable material, so I know you do some consumables or expendables. When you think of your commercial aftermarket portfolio, what portion of that is not exposed to USM versus what is?
Kevin Stein: So, we analyzed this a couple years ago. And we found it's hard to see any areas where USM was a real concern, a drag on revenue or growth. Certainly, there may be some spots or part number here or there, but broadly speaking, we did not see USM as a real competitor to our aftermarket business. We've looked at USM since then, regularly, we've looked at buying parts out of the user serviceable market. And we've not seen that there's much available out there or much we can do to impact that market. So, we've heard the same concern that as planes are retired, more of them will be put into the USM market will be parted out. That's possible. We haven't seen that as a large drag on our revenue. Historically, it's something we've talked to all of our teams about to make sure that they're looking for these opportunities or looking for inventory of their parts out there. And we'll have to carefully watch that. Again, historically, USM not a big concern, I don't know, if it will morph into that today. Generally speaking, the way we have analyzed this and what we've heard from the market, $5,000 to $10,000 and needs to be the average sale price, most of our parts the line share of our parts fall well below that. I believe we've communicated prior that about $1,000 average sale price at least a couple years ago. It just puts our parts not in the USM available market, generally speaking. So it's something we will watch closely, but right now, I'm not as concerned about the parting out of planes impacting us. That may happen and we will have to react to it.
Noah Poponak: Just staying on this for a second, is there a way to think about your exposure or your parts with regard to ABCD checks? Have you ever looked at that? Are you more heavy tracks are you there's the more routine frequent checks?
Kevin Stein: We're really all over the place. Some of our parts get replaced by time on wing. Others it's number of cycles. Others it's like seatbelts or passenger related, passenger volume related not takeoff and landings. So we've looked at this across the board and not really seen any trends that we need to exploit or there's an opportunity to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of UBS.
Myles Walton: Maybe a clarification and then a bigger level question. The clarification is that the organic growth of 5% in the pro forma and markets. Can I derive to something closer to flat? And so is that more just the Esterline mix or sales dynamic maybe a little bit lower than the legacy TransDigm activity? And then the bigger question is, as you're entering the downturn of the end market. How is your line performing, adapting? How are those businesses performing adapting relative to your legacy TransDigm businesses? And are they kind of fitting into the same mold, Nick or Kevin, as you kind of look to adapt to these new volume levels?
Kevin Stein: So Mike will handle the pro forma organic growth question and then I can handle the second part.
Mike Lisman: Thanks Myles. On the organic growth, it's obviously a little confusing how you could do the computation this quarter just because Esterline closed mid quarter last year. So, there are different approaches you could take. You could put Esterline completely in, you could take it completely out or you could allocate it based on the number of weeks owned. The punch line is depending on however you do it. The organic growth comes out somewhere between 1% and 5% we did it based on number of weeks zoned and what we'll do in the 10-Q filing. You'll see the detail. We provided enough detail so that you guys can hopefully read through it and then do the computation however you want. But at the end of the day, you get something between 1% and 5% depending on the approach you take. And it's just -- it's a little muddy because of the how the acquisition dates are on Esterline.
Kevin Stein: And that's I think safe to say, it isnt materially different, it's not materially different from other businesses. As far as Esterline performance goes, much like first quarter Esterline performed very well across the board really, but certainly on the aftermarket side, they performed well. So I think they're fitting into the general performance window of our legacy businesses as they should. They're sort of products that fit the same mold as the rest of TransDigm. So, they're performing very well in the market.
Myles Walton: And there are definitely from a cost structure.
Kevin Stein: Yes, can you say that question again? Can you say that one more time?
Myles Walton: I just want to make sure that they're able to adapt to the same kind of quickly moving cost structure that the legacy transactions.
Kevin Stein: They are and we have gone to them and ask for headcount reductions and furloughs and cost containment and they've been able to respond just like the rest of our businesses. So they're very much in tune to what needs to be done. They're seeing the same market dynamics as our legacy business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Strauss of Barclays.
David Strauss: Want to ask about working capital. I mean you talked about remaining free cash flow positive in the back half of the year but how do you might gets this for you, how do you think working capital moves just thinking, receivables, payables and inventory levels?
Mike Lisman: Well, over a longer period of time we do expect some cash to come out of it, but we don't count on it. So when we do the downside financial modeling assumptions, we don't count on any immediate inflow, positive inflow from a downturn in working capital, whether it's accounts receivable or inventory or for stretching out your payables. As this goes on for a longer period of time maybe 6 months to 9 months would expect it to be more of a source of cash, but that's not what is driving the assumption of positive free cash flow in the back half of our fiscal year.
Nick Howley: I would just add, like are other assumptions, we think that a conservative assumption, but we don't want to kid ourselves here. But I would say Mike got out really early in this whole process and talking to the controllers and our businesses about watching AR and AP closely on these to ensure we didn't get overextended in debts, or in basically extending credit to folks. And operationally, we're managing our inventory. We're looking at this very closely. As Mike was alluding to, it's going to take a little while for us to impact these and start bringing them down. You need production levels to bring inventory down. And it will happen we're working on shutting off all the incoming taps and ensuring we're not extending too much credit to airline customers or distribution partners.
David Strauss: A follow-up question, this 70%, 80% assumption they use for planning purposes, I know it's not guidance. What -- how does that compare to what your underlying assumption is for the global capacity decline? And you're assuming that this 70% and 80% is in excess of the underlying global capacity decline? And then also how you're thinking about pricing for your aftermarket business in this environment?
Nick Howley: Let me try that, I would say the 70% to 80% decline, just because I'm sure, I'll keep forgetting 78 or forget about 75, because I can remember that because it's one of them. It's not 75. I'm not sure I followed your question, but it's not 75% less than the cash flow decline. I mean, we're just if you took the run rate was 100. We think the run rate is going to drop down to 25. That's yielding for our sizing assumption. And we're assuming that's going to stay there for six months, which I think is I'm hopeful conservative. It wouldn't surprise me that it could be a little sharper for the first month or so. But hopefully it wouldn't last six months. But we'll see, I think the market dynamics for the sort of supply and demand and switching costs to the like, I don't think they change a lot. And the way I address your second part of your question.
Kevin Stein: Price side, we will still manage our value drivers and what we need to look at are. Where are the green shoots in the business? Is Asia coming back are they flying? They're starting to recover a little bit, it's still slow. As Nick said, the next few months sharp, decrease and maybe it comes back a little bit in the following months, that's the way our profile might look like, but 75%, 70% to 80% downturn in the aftermarket side.
David Strauss: I was just asking if you were thinking that your aftermarket business was going to be down in excess of the decline in global capacity.
Nick Howley: I have to say, I don't, we're using the numbers we gave you. I don't know quite how to calibrate that against other, there's assumptions all over the place on capacity that people making and we are set our numbers size to and that's what we use.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: I'm going to try and ask David's questions, try differently. Nick or Kevin, what's the sort of risk of inventory in the chain, be it a MRA shops or distribution channels or wherever it might be? Does that could end up dragging down the aftermarket more than whatever airline traffic and capacity is doing?
Kevin Stein: I'll take a shot at it, Nick and follow up. I think there's clearly inventory in the supply chain. We do not know how much. We know a distribution, but we do not know MRO shops, airlines and the like or for that matter really what OEMs have. Clearly the inventory overhang concerns us and it's something we'll have to watch. This is the problem with a downturn like this as you get a little bit of a double hit, I think given the aftermarket, I think people manage our inventory pretty closely, but I'm sure there's inventory out in the field that will need to be accounted for and we'll be a bit of a double hit as we managed through that initially.
Nick Howley: The only thing I'd add is just, I think this is the right Kevin distribution where we know the inventory pretty well is about 25% of our after market right now. The other 75 is not distribution, it was a little harder to get you off now.
Robert Stallard: Yes. And then as a follow up, as you said the declines were talking about here are pretty much unprecedented. And do you have been through some previous airline downturn? Can you give us some sort of color on the pricing situation facing bankruptcy and other things here? How has your pricing held up in previous experience?
Nick Howley: Reasonably well, no, significant change.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi, good morning and thank you everyone for the time. Nick, I want to maybe talk about EBITDA margins is that holding that mid forties level's pretty tough, but you're aligning 80% of your cost structure. So it's variable whether it's materials and labor. Understanding as a very high incremental, how do we think about that mix impact of in commercial is generating 70% of your EBITDA? And I know you just commented on price, but it's you're hoping to get a positive and you've had it positive and pass down terms. So I guess is it all a mixed impact that you're seeing to see from commercial aftermarket?
Nick Howley: Yes, its very simply, that segment, that piece of our business is the highest margin business. All things being equal if that one drops off more sharply than in the rest of the business, which is likely the situation here at least for a little while. That's a headwind on your margin. I think on the cost reduction, all things being equal. In other words, if you kept constant mix and you took the revenue minus the EBITDA or EBITDA as defined, you took that slog costs. I think we can get that down pretty well ratably with the volume assumptions, at least within the kind of ranges we're talking about now. So all things being equal that would hold your margin, but I think you got some headwind from this aftermarket being a sharper downturn and that just make it tougher. I think we can get close, but I don't know that we can get all the way there. We think the steady state with this mix of business is somewhere in the mid forties.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay that makes sense. So that's why you're not getting 35% margins because of the mix headwind or that cost cutting is getting you somewhere in the low forties during the downturn, in terms of the EBITDA margin.
Nick Howley: I don't know what the 35 means, but I think I'm not quite sure I follow that. But anyway, I think you've got the got the side.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: That makes sense. And then just to follow-up on the Myles' question a little bit with Esterline. Is the cost structure there any different or you guys have aligned it? So it's in line with the TransDigm average?
Kevin Stein: I think it's in line with the average. I'm sure, there's still opportunities for productivity there across the board, but I think it's in line directionally.
Nick Howley: And I think those numbers you gave are the overall company numbers.
Kevin Stein: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay of Wolfe Research.
Hunter Keay: As I think about the commercial aftermarket business, is there a way you can help us understand sort of a breakdown of what you do as more discretionary versus directly tied to flight hours or RPM?
Kevin Stein: I would say most of our business is tied to flight hours or RPM, takeoff and landing cycles. I think very, very little of our business is truly discretionary. You can argue that seatbelt maybe slightly, because they can maybe you live with them a little longer than they would want to worn floor tiles and marked walls. Those are aesthetics and those are part of our Schneller and Pexco businesses lighting at some of our businesses, bathroom fixtures. Some of those may be slightly more discretionary. That's what we've always said about our aftermarket. But we believe the line share of it is, is dependent on cycles or time or hours in the air. That's what we believe the bulk of our products are. So that's why, if not much of your aftermarket is discretionary. With even small amounts of flight travel, you're still going to get some aftermarket. That's what we count on.
Hunter Keay: And then and then Nick, obviously every quarter come on you talk about the beauty of the model sole source proprietary, the two biggest moats and realize the deities how they complement each other. But is one of those two, maybe a little bit of a deeper moat through down cycles over the long term if you were to sort of lean towards one of the others having a little bit more sort of durability or moat that which one was or lean towards?
Nick Howley: I don't think you mean proprietary and sole source. I don't think you separate them. I think there I think, they're in a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JP Morgan.
Seth Seifman: I just wanted to ask about the, so the mix shift here, the defense part of the business still holding off and probably in line with what you expected. You talked about over 75% of EBITDA common from the aftermarket, but that includes their defense aftermarket, which is de-centralize. I've always thought of the defense aftermarket margins being not quite at the level of commercial, but still solidly healthy and all the above the Company average, and maybe the defense OEM margins being, I don't know, in line or slightly below the Company average, but better than commercial OEM. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Nick Howley: I think that's a fair way to think about it. In total, we make less money on our defense business that we make on our commercial business. And the mix between OEM and aftermarket, a little different in defense, but directionally what you're saying is correct.
Kevin Stein: But not miles less, it's not a big difference.
Seth Seifman: And then just a real quick follow-up, in terms of, just looking at the adjustments, were there in terms of the workforce actions you took in the quarter? Were there severance costs in the quarter and were those in the EBITDA as defined or were they adjusted out?
Nick Howley: It was de minimis this quarter in Q2.
Kevin Stein: In Q3, it will be a larger charge, something on the order of $40 million to $70 million a one-time cost we think. And what we'll do is we'll show it in the add back table next quarter, but it will be an add back since it's one time non-recurring costs.
Nick Howley: And the EBITDA Mike complies with our credit, so we have the EBITDA adjustment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment of Baird.
Peter Arment: Thanks Nick. Kevin, Mike. Just a question more maybe a clarification on the sizing that you mentioned on the OE Kevin, you said 25 to 40 the for the second half, but we've got Boeing and Airbus both kind of talking about rates being down to 2022 how are you thinking about just the piece of sizing for the longer term?
Kevin Stein: Well, obviously when this crystallizes, we will be able to issue guidance around what will happen in 2021 and 2022. We're trying to size the business for the next six month periods so that we can attack it and be ready when volumes and capacity and the like return, which Nick said, we think 18, 24 months. I think that's a fair way to look at it. So, we'll, we'll see but that's the way we're looking at it right now.
Peter Arment: And just as a quick follow-up, just as youre thanks for the details on the much awaited product. Is it also similar in terms of your narrow-body versus light-body mix?
Kevin Stein: In terms of what?
Peter Arment: In terms of your overall installed base and when you think about the aftermarket, is it similar to 70% more narrow-body than wide-body? Or just how should we think about that?
Kevin Stein: I don't think we've ever disclosed that. So, I don't know how to think about that. Wide bodies are important to us. They tend to have slightly higher dollar ship set content but the volume isn't there. So again, I come back to where market weeded in those, in the aftermarket and then the OEM side. So for us, follow the business, look at the order book and react, that's what we continue to try and do.
Nick Howley: I think guys that you rack it up and do the math. I think your question you're trying to get at is there some kind of overexposure to wide body production on the OE side and if we do math, there is not, that's right.
Kevin Stein: No, I appreciate that. Thank you.
Nick Howley: I think the best way to look at how this business starts to recover is frankly watch the number of flights, until the flights around the world start to pick up its going to be tough to predict anything. You're just guessing anything.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks for all the color. A lot of the questions I had already been asked. The one I guess, just to follow up on the OEM discussion, aero OEM. Can you -- do you have much of a sense for the level of destocking or inventory in the channel? I mean, maybe is there a way to size how many different subcontract manufacturers you guys sell to in the Boeing and Airbus supply chain? Is it fairly concentrated? Or is it very diffused in terms of the number of
Nick Howley: It depends on business. Some businesses, it's very concentrated in others, it's very diffuse and we sell to Tier 2s and the light. So, it is very diffuse and I can't give you any more clarity around that.
Gautam Khanna: And then the other thing I want to make sure we understand. Is the commercial arrow business profitable? It contributes to the 25% of company EBITDA or is it widely SKU to the defense side that 25%?
Nick Howley: Are you talking about the headcount reduction?
Gautam Khanna: No, no. Sorry, the commercial OE business, commercial aero OE business. I'm just curious, if can you give us a rough sense for how much of the 25% of company EBITDA we should attribute?
Nick Howley: Yes, I don't think following up on percentages on profitability by end markets, but we can say the commercial OE businesses as we look at it to the best of our abilities. It's a profitable business for the rest profitable in the aftermarket.
Gautam Khanna: And then last one, you've mentioned the defense business, we talk a little bit about the parachutes and what have you. Are there any other kind of lumpy orders or for drivers this year that we should be thinking about as we model out next fiscal Year just perhaps non-recurring?
Kevin Stein: No, I don't know of anything that's non-recurring that. The issue with defense is that it often can be non-recurring. But right now, I don't know of any pieces. Our parachute business looks like it's well aligned international military sales continues strong. We haven't really seen any downturn out of any countries around that yet. So we think of the military is reasonably robust for the next six months to a year.
Nick Howley: And then we'll see. The problem with defense is lumpy. And this quarter, we commented on APKWS, the system turning dumb bombs into smart bombs. We sell a lot of product to APKWS, the Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System from BAE. And that comes in very lumpy orders.
Kevin Stein: And something lumpy comes all the time.
Nick Howley: Something lumpy comes all the time and we had lumpy orders last year just in different quarters than we're getting on this year. So, it makes the year-over-year comparisons bounce all over the place.
Kevin Stein: But it's much more applicable to bookings and shipments.
Nick Howley: Yes, the orders tend to be lumpy, the shipments don't.
Kevin Stein: The shipments are not lumpy generally speaking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli of SunTrust.
Michael Ciarmoli: I don't know, Nick or Kevin, maybe just back on the OE, the down 25 to 40. Does that contemplate obviously for the next six months? I mean, presumably it contemplates the reproduction, some of the facilities shut down. Does it also contemplate inventory destocking and a realignment of the supply chain that you guys kind of put your best assumptions in there?
Kevin Stein: There's, I don't have a lot of, I know that there's going to be an inventory overhang. And we tried to give you a range to hit that. So, we do have some in there the amounts, it's hard to speculate on, because we don't know how much inventory is held at Boeing or Airbus for instance. We're not on min-max buck been scheduled. So I don't know what amount they have generally speaking in their different products of buckets that they buy from us. So again, looking at this 25% to 40% OEM reduction in the next six months, we'll include some of the inventory overhang, but we don't know how much is really there.
Nick Howley: I think just the recap, just to restate what I think is the obvious. We can't wait for perfect information here in these situations. What we have to do is read everything we can read, look at what we got and our incoming data at some point, just stick a stake in the ground and current costs and then watch it. As I said at the beginning, the only thing I know for sure is we'll be wrong and we'll have to adjust one way or the other over the next six months, hopefully up a little, I don't know, maybe up a little, maybe down a little. We'll just have to see.
Michael Ciarmoli: And maybe just one follow-up on that Nick, the costs out there and thinking about the aftermarket and presumably a year from now we'll have more flying. Do you envision that that the cost actions you've taken, I mean, do you view these as permanent reductions? You know, as you know, as the after -- and I would think it's going to be a couple of years for aftermarket revenues to get back to me '20 level?
Nick Howley: I mean I dont think our costs are going to stay down by this magnitude as the cost, I know, it's little be incremental fall through the profits or something. But as has happened in last, in the previous downturns, we tend to come out of these things with a better cost structure than we went in because we tend to not put the cost back in at the same rate the revenue covers.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Herbert of Canaccord.
Ken Herbert: Hi Kevin, Nick and Mike, thanks for thanks for the time. I just wanted to ask, when traffic starts to stabilize for your commercial aftermarket, if I think of that business broadly in sort of three buckets, repair, spare parts, sales and provisioning, where do you expect to see the recovery first and how would you expect that to potentially play out?
Kevin Stein: My guess is it would be in the repair area is where we would see the first reloading as they are bringing planes that need to be serviced, now to the service line. That's what my assumption is, but we'll have to see. Provisioning as we've said in the past isn't a huge driver for us for volume. There's certainly some here and there, on some programs, but I think its repair of spare parts that we would see and I think it's probably going to be the repair. Nick, do you have a thought on that?
Nick Howley: I mean repair and spare parts are hard to separate.
Ken Herbert: And as you're looking at your aftermarket business, obviously with prices like this, as we start to come through it, I'm sure you'll, you'll find some opportunities. Are you starting to think differently about the business in terms of maybe the distribution versus direct mix? Are you maybe finding opportunities with other partners? I'd imagine, an opportunity like this, you will, as things stabilize, there'll be some ways to maybe shift some areas to your advantage. But are you thinking about that or is it too early to be thinking about those discussions?
Kevin Stein: I think it's too early to draw any conclusions.
Nick Howley: I agree completely.
Ken Herbert: And then just finally for Mike, any risk moving forward at all in terms of impairments on the intangibles just with some of the dislocation in prices in the marketplace?
Mike Lisman: No, no. I think you guys probably saw the SEC requires some quarterly tests for companies like us. And we've done the analysis with our auditors at EY, and we've got a pretty good cushion across the board here.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Liza Sabol: I think that's it. I think there's no one else in the queue. So, we'd just like to thank you all for calling in this morning and that concludes our call. Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 TransDigm Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program Liza Sabol, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liza Sabol: Thank you and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2020 first quarter earnings conference call. Presenting this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliation. I'll now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning and thanks again for calling in. Today, as usual, I'll start off with some summary comments on our consistent strategy; a few comments on the operating performance and outlook and capital allocation, and then Kevin and Mike will expand and give more color. To reiterate, we're unique in the industry due to both our consistency and our ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products and about three quarters of our sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues which typically have significantly higher margins and provide relative stability in the downturns. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as the careful allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy, specifically, one we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content; second, we utilize a simple well proven value-based operating methodology; third, we have a very decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with our shareholders; fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to clear path to PE like returns; and lastly, our capital structure and allocation are a significant portion of our value creation methodology. As you saw from our press release, we are off to a good start in fiscal year 2020 with solid operating performance in the quarter. Revenues and EBITDA as defined are up substantially. Of course, much of this is due to the Esterline acquisition, but organic revenue growth was also up nicely. EBITDA margins were margins were up versus the prior year as both the TransDigm base legacy and the acquired businesses all performed well. We continue to generate real intrinsic value for our investors. Far and away the largest portion of our revenue, our worldwide commercial aerospace revenue was up about 9% in Q1 versus the prior year, driven primarily by a very strong commercial aftermarket growth. Our smaller worldwide defense revenue was also up. Defense bookings were down a little, but defense bookings can be lumpy. At this time, fiscal year 2020 continues to look like a good year for TransDigm though we see possible clouds on the horizon. The commercial aftermarket was quite strong in Q1. However, given the uncertainty around the 737 program production rates, possible attendant inventory ripples and uncertainty in China related travel, we are leaving our full year guidance unchanged. We have begun to trim our cost. However, this is a little more difficult than usual given the uncertainty in the 737 timing. We're watching this closely and are prepared to react more quickly if required. To put the 737 MAX OE production program into perspective for TransDigm at full production rate, it makes up somewhere between 3% and 4% of our revenue and a smaller percent of our EBITDA. Kevin will discuss the quarter and the year in more detail. With respect to M&A and capital allocation in the last six months, we closed and received payment on the sale of both the Souriau business for about $920 million and our EIT group of businesses for about $190 million. As I said last quarter, we may still sell some smaller businesses with less proprietary aerospace and aftermarket content. If we do so, as of today I don't expect that there would be significant in size. With respect to capital allocation in the last six months, we paid both a $30 per share special dividend and a $32.50 per share special dividend. The combined special dividends of $62.50 per share or about $3.5 billion is roughly 12.5% of the equity value at the start of fiscal year 2020. This is a pretty substantial payout. Due to the divestitures combined with solid cash generation from our operating businesses, we're able to make these payments to our shareholders and still maintain substantial liquidity and firepower. As usual, we will review our go-forward capital allocation over the balance of the year and see where we stand towards the end of the year. We now expect to have over $3 billion of cash at the end of fiscal year 2020. We also have significant additional borrowing capacity under our credit line and our credit agreement. We have the financial flexibility and capital market access to deal with any currently anticipated capital requirements, allocations or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. We continue to actively evaluate and seek M&A opportunities. We have a decent pipeline. As usual mostly in the small to mid-range, I can't predict or comment on any possible closings but as I said before we're still working steadily in M&A and are open for business. And now let me hand this over to Kevin to review our 2020 performance outlook and some other items. 
Kevin Stein: Thanks Nick. Today I'll review our results by key market then discuss the profitability of the business for the quarter. I'll also comment on the fiscal year guidance and review some other operational items. As you have seen, we had a strong first quarter and a good start to the year. Mike will provide more details on the financials, but our first quarter operations, specifically, revenue and EBITDA, as defined, were up substantially over last year due in part to good organic growth, as well as continued acquisition integration and performance. Q1 GAAP revenues were up approximately 48% versus prior year Q1 and EBITDA, as defined, was up 40% versus the prior year, with margins approaching 47% of revenue. Now, we will review our revenue by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2019. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note that beginning this quarter, this market analysis discussion now includes the results of the former Esterline businesses. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue increased approximately 1% in Q1 when compared with Q1 of fiscal year 2019. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up the majority of our commercial OEM business, were flat versus prior year Q1. However, bookings solidly outpaced Q1 sales in the current period by more than 15%. We did see minimal headwind from the impact of 737 MAX production halt this quarter. However, we believe any currently anticipated impact from the MAX issues should not have a material impact on our EBITDA for the full fiscal year. We are very diversified across all platforms worldwide, so the impact of the 737 MAX or any single program should not be material to TransDigm in the aggregate. Aside from isolated issues with a few aerospace platforms, general industry consensus remains mostly favorable long term, as significant OEM backlog remains across the industry. We are currently assessing the near-term impact of the 737 MAX rate reduction, as well as smaller cuts in production for other Boeing, Airbus and business jet platforms. As a result of the recent production rate changes and other evolving global concerns, we are implementing a necessary 3% to 10% reduction in direct and indirect headcount, the impact of which will be felt in the second half of the year and will certainly vary by business unit. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by 17% over the prior year quarter, with the commercial transport passenger market outperforming our expectations. In the quarter, growth in the commercial transport passenger and business jet markets were significantly offset by very modest declines in the commercial transport freight and commercial transport interior markets. Overall, commercial transport fundamentals continue to remain relatively strong, although a few items still bear watching. Global revenue passenger growth continues to decelerate, albeit growth is still near the long-term average. This might be impacted by weaker economic activity and multiple geopolitical disruptions worldwide. Cargo demand is weaker, as FTKs have declined from reaching an all-time high in 2017 and business jet utilization data is pointing to stagnant growth that could create a headwind for the business jet aftermarket. Finally, it is unclear how the 737 MAX situation has or will impact our commercial aftermarket, but it may prove to be a net positive for TransDigm, as older aircraft are utilized more. Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues was up approximately 9% over the prior year Q1. As a reminder, we are lapping tougher prior year comparisons, as our defense revenue accelerated in most of fiscal 2019. Defense bookings declined slightly in the quarter driven by robust defense OEM bookings growth and a not unexpected decline in defense aftermarket bookings given the recent restocking pace. Now moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $681 million for Q1 was up 40% versus prior Q1. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter of 46.5% was negatively impacted by acquisition dilution from Esterline. Excluding Esterline, margins in our legacy business were over 51% and improved both sequentially as well as over the prior year quarter. Margin improvement progress is always important to us and indicates that our base business continues to drive and find opportunities for improvement by using our value drivers. On Esterline we are now over 10 months post close. The integration continues to progress. To date, the acquisition is exceeding our expectations for growth in this largest of TransDigm acquisitions. As we have stated in the past, we will now no longer refer to any Esterline-specific metrics as these businesses have now become part of the fabric of TransDigm. Moving now to the 2020 guidance, also found on Slide 7 in the presentation. We are not changing our full year revenue EBITDA or adjusted EPS guidance at this time, although we saw a strong first quarter results. General market conditions have not meaningfully changed with the exception of the 737 MAX grounding and production halt. This is an evolving situation that could make it challenging for us to achieve the high end of our previously issued revenue guidance. However as previously mentioned, we believe any impact from the MAX issues should not be material to our EBITDA this fiscal year. There's also a potential upside for us in the commercial aftermarket resulting in the 737 MAX issues as older aircraft may be utilized more. We will continue to closely monitor the 737 MAX situation and the expected impact on our business to be prepared to react as necessary including any further preemptive steps that might be warranted. After consideration of these items at this time, we are not adjusting our full year revenue and EBITDA guidance, as we still expect them to fall within the range previously issued. We will update again as this situation crystallizes. In addition we are not changing our original market growth assumptions at this time. We do however realize there could be some shifting between commercial OEM and aftermarket growth rates but it is just too close to call with only one quarter of data. I would also like to caution that although our EBITDA margin was strong in the first quarter, margins can be lumpy and margins may fluctuate over the next few quarters. So let me conclude by stating that Q1 of fiscal 2020 was another good quarter for TransDigm. We continue to be very pleased with the Esterline acquisition integration as well as the strong operational performance in the quarter from our legacy businesses. We look forward to the remainder of 2020 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. With that I would now like to turn it over to our CFO, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to very quickly elaborate on some of the financial results that Kevin just discussed. As a reminder and as mentioned on our last earnings call, the Esterline organization is it used to exist including the corporate office is for the most part now gone with the business units which used to comprise Esterline reporting independently into TransDigm. We're therefore not planning to give too much specific color or details around Esterline's performance separate from that of legacy TransDigm. So, for the consolidated TransDigm business, a few quick notes on how we ended the first quarter of FY 2020. And as a reminder, Esterline closed mid-March of last year. So, it's not included in any of the fiscal 2019 stats that I'm about to reference. As Nick and Kevin both mentioned, first quarter net sales were up approximately 48% versus the prior year. Organic sales growth was strong at 8.7% and this figure still completely excludes Esterline. So, it's for the legacy TransDigm business only. The Esterline acquisition drove the remaining 39% of the increase. On EBITDA as defined $681 million for the quarter, that was up 40% versus last year and adjusted EPS of $4.93 was up 28%. On cash and liquidity, this gets a little messy due to the timing of the dividend. We declared the $32.50 per share dividend in December, but then did not pay it until early January. So, I'm just going to give you the pro forma financial stats since that's what matters. So, pro forma for that $32.50 dividend per share that was paid on January 7th, our cash balance is $2.3 billion and net debt-to-EBITDA is now 6.1 times. We also currently have access to about $720 million of our revolver. Now, a quick update on interest and taxes. Interest expense is expected to be about $1.02 billion in fiscal 2020 and this estimate's unchanged from our prior guidance. As some of you may have seen, we're currently in the market with a repricing of our $7.5 billion of term loans. This reprice is still in the process of being finalized and we'll update the interest expense guidance next quarter once the repricing completes. On taxes, our fiscal 2020 GAAP, cash, and adjusted rates are all still expected to be in the range of 24% to 26% which is unchanged from prior guidance. With regard to liquidity and leverage at the end of fiscal 2020, assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market transactions, we now expect to have over $3 billion of cash on hand at the end of the year. This is a slight reduction from previous guidance just to account for the $1.9 billion dividend we paid in the first week of January. In closing, the first quarter was a good start to the year for TransDigm. And with that I'll turn it back to the operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Noah Poponak: Hey good morning everybody.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Nick I wanted to try to ask you if you could kind of take a step back and try to provide us some context for where the current fundamentals of the aerospace aftermarket are compared to your long history at the company. Because we've got the MAX situation, but then we've also got all the MRO facilities telling us there's a much longer wait than ever and we've got all these airplanes coming out of the warranty period. You just printed the number you printed. So, I'm just kind of curious is this as good as you've ever seen it? Is it in line with your average good time or is it something else? Would love to hear from you on that.
Nick Howley: Yeah. I don't know that I have any great insight for you. The  no, I mean, I see all those puts and takes too. I mean I'd have to put it on the better rather than worse side of the ledger though the slowing RPM always gets your attention a little bit. As you know that can be sort of a leading indicator sometimes. The situation in China who knows where that goes. The -- I guess the closest model would be the SARS situation whatever that was some number of years ago. And that for a quarter or two had a pretty significant impact. I think I  obviously, I come down the same place as Kevin. We're sort of -- we're going to change our view from the beginning of the year. So I have to say there's probably a wider band around it than there might have been six months ago.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And just looking at the margin performance in the quarter, I think the framework from you for a little while has been 100 basis points a year in the core not recently acquired business. Is that still the right framework? Can you continue to do that even from a higher level?
Nick Howley: Kevin do you want to take that?
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I think that's still the right magnitude and I think we can continue to do that.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Your question please.
Robert Spingarn: Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Spingarn: Nick or Kevin, I have a question for you and it relates to the MAX but it's higher level. Nick you've always had that chart about the life cycle of a TransDigm program. It's like 50 years these different colors and so forth. How long does a platform need to stay in service before you're MPV positive? When you get past the development costs and the zero to low-margin OE, how much of a run until you're in the black?
Nick Howley: I don't think I can give a number. We got so many different part numbers now and so many different economic situations. Some are significant essentially upfront and some aren't much. I don't think I can give you a very good number on that Rob. I would say if you look at a program, it's going to have a development that goes on. Pick your number three, four, five, six seven years depending on the situation. You're not going to make much money until you get through the first four, five-year period because either you're on warranty or even if it's not a warranty as a practical matter things don't break much or you don't get much in the first four or five years. So you're surely out four, five years after production before you're starting to see any significant, Id say positive net on the whole thing. Beyond that I just -- it's just too dependent on the specific part in program.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then I just had one on Esterline. Now that you've got it, I think Kevin you said it's 10 months post deal. Have you found anything either more positive or more negative under the hood in that business being a publicly traded company versus the private companies you've bought? Anything specific there that would be interesting to us?
Kevin Stein: As we've talked about you get limited due diligence up front. So we went in not sure all that we would find. I think, in general, we've found that things have been better than we assumed up front and there hasn't really been, yet, anything that is a bad news, anything that we didn't anticipate or expect. It certainly emboldens us for the future to continue to look at acquisitions like this.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Was there anything different about their aftermarket pricing dynamic because they were public, versus the smaller private companies that you've bought in the past?
Kevin Stein: No, no. Not that we have seen, no.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company. Your question, please.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I had two questions. First, I was wondering, have you noticed any continued or incremental hesitation by the defense department in placing orders, just given the whole overhang of the IG investigation? Does that explain anything in terms of lumpiness of bookings or anything you can point to there?
Kevin Stein: So to answer that one, first off, we have -- initially we saw some slowdown. We have been meeting frequently with the DoD, DOA, IG and other important stakeholders in the process, to continue to communicate, to answer questions. Once we started doing that, I think, some of the pent-up demand started to flow a little bit. So I'm not believing that a slowdown to get to the point, I think, that you're driving at a slowdown in defense aftermarket bookings is anything more than a filling of the bins up around the ranch. That's still what we believe. We have seen that our interaction with the DoD, DOA has been positive. We're communicating, spending time, going through the issues and it's positive.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just on the commercial air transport aftermarket, in the quarter and maybe subsequent to the quarter, anything you can comment on by region? I mean, have you seen any coronavirus impact in Asia-Pac and/or between the various channels, distributor versus non-distribution and what have you? If you can parse that out.
Kevin Stein: No. We don't look at our business like that from a geography. And it's also the way that our products are distributed and sold. You can sell to one region and that's where the distributor is based and it goes all over the world. So we're -- we don't have great data on individual consumption by country or airline or platform. So, no, we don't have that kind of visibility to offer you.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And any change -- any disconnect between the distribution channel in direct in the quarter? Any restocking?
Kevin Stein: No, no. We don't have a composite POS any longer that -- the flow-through sales from our distribution partners that we can comment on after the combination of Esterline into the TransDigm businesses, because they tended to use different distributors. It made the metric not as useful for us so far. So I don't have any good comment on POS in distribution by region. I know what you're driving at and we keep looking for that as well to see if there's a pickup in 737 MAX related to the aftermarket in specific regions, are there any slowdown, but we don't have that kind of granularity to be able to give you that commentary.
Nick Howley: I mean the only thing I'd add is we're pretty well distributed across the fleet. So I mean, if you look at where the fleet is around the world and you look at where the miles are flowing around the world, ultimately if those change, the weighted impact of that will reflect on our demand at some point.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Melius Research. Your question, please.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland: Kevin or Nick just wondered  I mean, if I've learned anything about you guys over the last decade or plus it's that you don't let resources sit around idle. So to the extent you've got folks in your factories that are perhaps overstaffed even if it's a temporary basis because of this MAX situation do you  would you have any intent on attacking productivity with those resources in the meantime? And could you end up coming on on the backside of this uncertainty with some better efficiency in your factories? How are you thinking about using that?
Kevin Stein: Of course, we look at all of these are opportunities to drive productivity. Productivity is an important part of our value driver mindset. We announced a 3% to 10% headcount reduction in the call so far. I think that's going to vary by business. We'll see the impact of that far out in the second half of the year. It'll vary by business depending on impact and what they're seeing and what the order book looks like. So we're looking at this as the right thing to do to drive productivity. Is it opportunistic? And will we see better productivity out the other end? I don't know. We certainly aim to be very efficient in the way we run our businesses not let extra labor sit around, not go after PET programs or other projects. We're already working productivity aggressively. So there's maybe nothing additional to be gained by putting more people on productivity but we want to manage our headcount efficiently in all of our resources the correct way.
Nick Howley: Great. And the only thing I'd add Kevin is I believe 3% to 10% is not just factory. It's across the headcount.
Kevin Stein: Yes. It's direct to indirect.
Nick Howley: Yes.
Kevin Stein: Absolutely. And it will probably I don't know how it will split out on that. And the reason why I'm giving you a range is because we're still early in this process of implementing. I think most people have already been notified. But given our decentralized nature and this  the actions happen at the plants, they don't happen at corporate. So I'm still waiting to hear back on all of that.
Carter Copeland: But just thinking through the history I mean, I think about Nick in the past there was a sort of a measurable impact on the back end, if memory serves me right. Is that correct?
Nick Howley: I would hope so. We would expect that would be the case. I mean our hope is Carter to be out ahead of this not behind it.
Carter Copeland: Yes. Understood. Thanks, guys.
Nick Howley: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Your question please.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
David Strauss: Nick you talked about the MAX being 3% to 4% of revenues less on an EBIT basis, is the 787 similar in magnitude?
Nick Howley: I think the 787's a little bit less. But I don't -- I'm not looking at that or in front of me. But we have modeled that that would drop by I believe it's four units a month in early 2021. So, yes that's factored into our thoughts. Okay. And as I said the 3% or 4% on the 737 just to be clear that is more like at full production.
Kevin Stein: Yes, that's full production to your point.
David Strauss: Right. I know you don't want to get too much into separating out Esterline anymore, but you gave some -- you gave enough detail for us to back into kind of where their EBITDA margins are and approximately where their EBIT margins are. Can you just talk -- I mean obviously, a bit away from the corporate average, but can you just talk about maybe broad-based views of where the margins on underlying Esterline could go based on now having the company for approaching a year?
Kevin Stein: Yes, that's -- obviously, we don't know. But in the fullness of time, it should continue to move in the direction that TransDigm is at. Whether it gets all the way there or not remains to be seen, but in the fullness of time, we don't see that this is a business that hampered in any way fundamentally.
David Strauss: Okay. And Mike on free cash flow, it looks like backing into everything you're looking at $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion this year roughly.
Mike Lisman: That's right. That's right. It was stronger this quarter than it will be next quarter just because of the timing of interest and tax payments. We have fewer payments this quarter and next quarter our fiscal Q2 double payments on interest and taxes. So, it's a little bit less. But that's right for the year.
David Strauss: All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Your question please.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Kevin I think you mentioned that the biz jet aftermarket was strong in the quarter, but underlying FAA activity is still flat. I was wondering if maybe you could perhaps explain that disconnect there perhaps why the number was so strong this quarter.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I wish I had some better -- it's surprising to us as well. Given the take-offs and landings after a few years of strength still not back to the pre-2008 levels but we just haven't seen anything and recently it's gone negative. So, our -- what we're seeing here is a little bit of a surprise I'll have to say and I don't know how long it will last. Certainly, the fundamentals of the industry don't appear to be good, but we're still seeing solid demand. So, we will continue to ship it, but I wish I had a better explanation for you on why or where it's coming from. What we see across this business given the aftermarket nature whether its defense, it's commercial, it's bizjet is that aftermarket orders can be lumpy and that's part of what we're seeing I think.
Robert Stallard: Yes. And then on the whole MAX issue, have you actually taken -- I know you're making lots of different products. I mean have you taken your rate down to zero? Or are you still running some of your products at some sort of rate so you can keep your supply chain to heal?
Kevin Stein: Yeah, we have had some communication with Boeing on what this will look like. We have taken our rates down to zero more or less where we are right now. And it will gradually build out based on what Boeing is communicating to us, which again this is early days in the communication process. So we're following their guidance on this, Im not hedging it further.
Robert Stallard: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from UBS. Your question please.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Myles Walton: I was wondering Kevin maybe you can clarify a little bit on the cost action you're taking. Is the cost action effect to 2020 net neutral positive or negative to EBITDA?
Kevin Stein: I think it's too early to tell right now. We are still figuring out the downside of some of the headwinds we're talking about balancing this out. I think, I need a little more time to comment on that on whether it's neutral or will add anything to the EBITDA for the year. So, I just need a little more time on that. It's too early in the year to change that.
Myles Walton: Okay.
Nick Howley: But there's no reason to think the adjustments could be negative.
Kevin Stein: I'm just not -- I don't want to give you an idea that it's going to be one way or the other.
Nick Howley: Yes. 
Myles Walton: Sorry, I mean is there a cost to achieve that will be front-loaded to the second quarter or third quarter that we should be mindful for and you catch up on the benefit in the back half of the year? That's all.
Nick Howley: Myles are you talking about severance charges?
Myles Walton: Yeah exactly.
Nick Howley: We don't expect those to be too material. No.
Myles Walton: Okay.
Kevin Stein: But yeah they'll -- but still they would hit us earlier.
Nick Howley: They hit us earlier next quarter.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then Nick a little bit off topic, but I think still relevant. Your role at -- I'm just curious as you look at -- you're dividing your time between here and as that business matures. Can you just talk about how you think your roles may stay the same or change over time? Thanks.
Nick Howley: Yeah. My primary activity is here of course. As you probably know I'm a Chairman there. I'm not an active manager and an investor.
Myles Walton: Okay. So no anticipation of any role changes at all?
Nick Howley: No.
Myles Walton: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from Canaccord. Your question please.
Ken Herbert: Hi, good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Ken Herbert: Kevin I just  sorry, but I just wanted to follow-up one more time on the commercial aftermarket and the up 17 in the quarter. I mean it sounds like there wasn't anything unusual but I just wanted to confirm that you didn't see anything in terms of maybe airline budget dumping around end of the calendar year or any of the recent distribution agreements or anything else you've signed that could have been one-time beyond just fundamental growth in the quarter?
Kevin Stein: No. We look for it. It was a surprise that it was a solid strong as it was. I will say that that's -- the 17 in the quarter isn't just an artifact of the acquisition. TransDigm legacy, although I said I wouldn't refer to this I wanted to give you some reassurance that the TransDigm legacy business would have still been a highlight -- a headline number that everyone would have reacted to. So we're seeing strength across the board. It's not due to a program. It's not due to a single business unit and it really wasn't any one-timers that we saw in there.
Ken Herbert: That's helpful. And if I could just bigger picture, I mean, you  as you talked about, you're almost a year into closing Esterline. As you think about your acquisition pipeline and as you think about opportunities moving forward, can you just talk a little bit about maybe what you'll do differently moving forward on acquisitions, or some of the lessons learned that you can apply which would make what already was, from the outside, a very good process, potentially even better?
Kevin Stein: I'll start on it and I'll let Mike and Nick jump in. I don't know if there's so much that we learned, except that maybe we're a little conservative in some of our modeling. So that's good. It's good for all of us. Good for you. I think we've learned that we can go after a significant business multifaceted, many moving pieces. And with our model and the way we handle the integration that we can tackle them and so do a nice job of bringing them into the fold, into the fabric of TransDigm. That's what I think I've learned and from what I've seen on the operational side. And also the folks in the acquired company are very interested in being on a winning team and it's amazing, the attitude, the morale, the real positive perspective that the employees have, as they're now part of this team, is really incredible and it's why I think we're accomplishing some pretty heavy lifting so quickly. Guys anything?
Mike Lisman: I think that's right. One thing I'd add too is, just on the aftermarket point. We looked at Esterline from the outside in for years before the acquisition finally happened and looked at the aftermarket and couldn't make sense of the low 10% to 12% rate that was published. And I think from an M&A due diligence standpoint, one thing going forward is, we might put less faith on what a company tells us, just because they might not be tracking it the way TransDigm would.
Nick Howley: Yeah. I guess, I'd say a couple of things. I think, our organizational method of keeping it separate for the first 12 months or so, I think, was a plus and that there's  you buy something with that many operating units and there's a lot of heavy lifting to be done in the first year. So keeping that so it didn't confuse and leak over into our base business, I think, was a good call for us. And I think it's a model we probably think to repeat again if we bought something like that. I think we also had a combination of, what I'll call, good luck and good management. By the good management I'd say, we're in a space we know pretty well. So we can make judgments, even when some of the numbers don't make sense. And I think our operating methodology is -- works well and proven over and over. I'd say in the good luck category, I'd say, we were conservative in the forecast because we  you don't get as much information as you usually get. And when you buy something and good luck category is there, didn't turn out to be a big bump in there somewhere. So that's the comments I have.
Ken Herbert: That's very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli from SunTrust. Your question please.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Nick or Kevin, I think, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that the Esterline growth was tracking ahead of expectations. Can you just maybe give a little bit more color there, knowing that you're not going to parse it out? But was it just more general end market strength that you're seeing across all of your product line? Was it a little bit of pricing, better execution? I mean is there are you seeing that aftermarket capture that maybe Esterline didn't execute on in the past? Maybe just if you can give some color there.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I'll take a stab at it and then Mike has some more maybe insight. I think productivity and the value-based pricing I think we've seen great opportunities in both on the  specifically on the commercial side. It's encouraging what we've seen. Beyond that we have seen certainly productivity improvements. We've seen opportunities to inject cash to get delinquencies down. There were some significant delinquencies in parts of the business. There were some capitalization issues that need to be addressed. I think we've approached this on an operational front to drive the Esterline business much like we focus, the TransDigm legacy business on being the best operations performers they can be having the best quality, the best on-time delivery, being an organization that you can really count on. That's really been our focus here. And we've seen opportunities. We've said in the past equally split on productivity and price and winning new business. I think that still holds. Mike do you have any?
Mike Lisman: Yes. I think that's right. In addition to some of the productivity and all the points, Kevin made, the Esterline business has seen good growth. So for the TransDigm legacy business we referenced the 8.7% organic growth that the Esterline business is growing in that same sort of ballpark. So pretty strong revenue growth and it's from a mix of both price and volume.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe Mike just one last one. The full year interest expense I think $1.02 billion, any color as to how the debt repricing might impact that expense as you sit here today and go through the process?
Mike Lisman: Yes. We're crossing Is or crossing Ts with Is to finish it this week. It should wrap up this Thursday and we'll issue an 8-K, but we expect the rate to tick down slightly on the term loans. Now we also got that package of amendments.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Konrad from Jefferies. Your question please.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Mike Lisman: Good morning.
Greg Konrad: Just to go back to the MAX really quickly just a clarification question. You said it was 3% to 4% of sales and you had some headcount reductions later on this year. I mean, how much of that MAX capacity is fungible and can be reallocated to aftermarket or OE programs versus just idle capacity today?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I would say not much of it. Aftermarket is built on the same lines as the OEM products for the largest extent. So the volume occurs on the OEM side. You can't make it up in aftermarket. You can't move people around necessarily. They're trained on certain pieces of equipment or processes. So I would say it's not that fungible that you can so easily move people around. We certainly try to do that first. And where there are needs we try to certainly move people. It's  you have to take a riff or reduction when you don't see those opportunities out there.
Greg Konrad: Thanks. And then I know it's small but you mentioned a modest decline in the interior aftermarket. I think last quarter you talked about some international wins kind of converting to sales as we move forward. What are you seeing in that particular end market?
Kevin Stein: Yes. The -- for the quarter for Q1 it was a little soft. So, I think I commented that we saw some negative growth there and then on the freight side. The freight side it made sense. We've seen slowing FTKs for a while. On the interiors, I noted previously we were starting to see some orders some interest here that would turn things around. And that's I think the case when I look at the bookings for the future and our interior side of the business, they're starting to grow again. So, that may be an indication that future quarters will be better on the interior side of the aftermarket.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Your question please.
Mike Maugeri: Hi, this is actually Mike on for -- Mike Maugeri for Hunter. So, you mentioned some cuts to some big programs. Are those production cuts due to end market weakness, product transitions, or is it large cabin, multiple market segments, any color would help.
Kevin Stein: I don't think I said that we were seeing any cuts in bizjet. I think what we're seeing on the OEM side is new programs. We're on all of the important new programs here on the business jet side and we're seeing bookings come in. We're seeing shipments on that. On the aftermarket side, I think pleasantly surprised that the aftermarket and the biz jet sector is holding up so well given the takeoff and landing cycles have been anemic. That's what we said. It's -- yes, business jet is a tougher market to understand. It's a small part of our business now as we've grown other sectors faster, but it has been difficult to predict over the last I think even a couple of years.
Mike Maugeri: That helps. Thank you. And then one for Mike. How are you thinking about taxes? And I'm thinking like over the next three to five years. So, how are you thinking about changes to tax code beyond 2021 or are there any things that we need to be thinking about there? Thank you.
Mike Lisman: I don't think so. The long-term guidance on across all three rates is still 24% to 26%. And if you were looking for something to plug into a model, I'd encourage you to just stick in that range at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: With regard to the margin guide, the seasonal pattern is to see improvement off of Q1 and Q1 was relatively strong versus the guidance. I appreciate the idea of having some caution in the guidance given all the unknowns out there for this year. But given that the severance is not supposed to be that material, is there anything else that we should be aware of that would keep that kind of sequential margin improvement from happening other than just trying to be very cautious amid MAX Coronavirus whatever else is happening in the world?
Kevin Stein: I think that the guidance just reflects our best judgment and we're hopefully being a little bit cautious and conservative to your margin point.
Nick Howley: I completely agree with that. It's caution in there. There's a lot of information isn't known and we don't want to send the wrong signals and have to change them or modify them. We'd rather be cautious on this.
Liza Sabol: But also to remind you though that the aftermarket grew ahead of what we expected for Q1. And so that there very well could be a sequential decline in the margin from Q1 to Q2.
Kevin Stein: It's a good point.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then as a quick follow-up Nick. Just when you think about the impact that the MAX situation might have on M&A opportunities over time. Do you have any initial thoughts on that maybe suppliers who might be more apt to be looking to sell now?
Nick Howley: No. Not that I know of. It would surprise me if it had much impact. As you know we buy proprietary aerospace stuff with a decent aftermarket. In other words, we buy good businesses. People usually don't sell good businesses in times of temporary down cycle. Now if you told me this was going to drop down like a rock and go on for a long period of time I'd say that might stress some people. But given the situation that exists today, I'd be surprised if it changes anyone's view of the -- either the whole period or what they want to buy or sell for good businesses. Now, I would say for non-proprietary businesses that are very heavily weighted towards OEM or particularly the 737, it could stress the hell out of them but that's not the kind of stuff that we typically buy.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Liza Sabol for any further remarks.
Liza Sabol: We'd just like to thank you all for calling in this morning and that concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-11-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 TransDigm Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand the conference over to your speaker today, Liza Sabol, Investor Relations.
Liza Sabol: Thank you and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2019 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Presenting this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC. We'd also like to advise you that, during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and applicable reconciliations. I'll now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning and thanks for calling in. Today, as usual, I'll start with some summary comments on our consistent business strategy, a few comments on the operating performance and outlook and capital allocation. To reiterate, we're unique in the industry due to both our consistency and our ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have significantly higher margins and provide relative stability in the downturns. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as the careful allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that closely aligns our management team with the shareholders' interest. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit our strategy and we see a clear, simple path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and our allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. As you saw from our press release, we had a solid operating performance in fiscal year 2019, where the revenue is up 37% and EBITDA As Defined up about 29% on a reported basis. Organically, our revenue was up almost 11% and EBITDA As Defined up 14%. Including the dividends paid in August, our shareholders made about a 48% return in the last fiscal year, a pretty good year. Far and away, the largest portion of our business, our worldwide commercial aerospace markets, were strong in fiscal year 2019. The smaller worldwide defense segment also did well. The TransDigm legacy businesses performed well. The Esterline acquired businesses continue to exceed our acquisition model with a Q4 EBITDA As Defined margin of over 30%. In 2020, we will include Esterline in the core businesses and no longer break it out separately. Fiscal year 2020 looks like another good year for TransDigm. Revenue and EBITDA As Defined are both estimated to be up nicely. All our market segments appear to be in pretty good shape. There are some potential clouds on the horizon in the commercial aerospace market, but we're watching this closely and we're prepared to react quickly if required. Kevin will discuss 2019 and 2020 in significant more detail. With respect to M&A and capital allocation, as previously announced, we executed agreements to sell both the Souriau business for about $920 million, and the EIT group of businesses for about $190 million. We closed the EIT deal and received the cash in September. We still hope to close the Souriau divestiture by the end of our fiscal first quarter 2020. We may still sell some smaller business with -- businesses with less proprietary aerospace and aftermarket content, but if we do so, at least as of today, I don't think they will be significant in size. We also completed a roughly $2.6 billion financing recently. About $1.5 billion is for general corporate purposes and the balance is used to refinance and extend the payments on some other debt. We wanted to take advantage of an accommodating credit market and attractive rates. With respect to capital allocation, we paid a $30 billion dividend in Q4 of 2019. We will review our capital allocation situation over the quarter and see where we stand towards the end of the calendar year. Absent any new capital market activity and assuming our recent divestiture closes in a timely fashion, we'd expect to have almost $4 billion of cash at the end of Q1 2020. That's on or about 12/31/19. We also have a significant additional borrowing capacity under our credit line and our credit agreement. We have substantial liquidity and the financial flexibility to deal with any currently anticipated capital deployment, allocation or other opportunities that may arise in the readily foreseeable future. We continue to actively evaluate and seek M&A opportunities. We have a decent pipeline of possibilities, as usual mostly in the small and mid-sized. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but as I said before, we are working steadily at M&A and we're still open for business. Now, let me hand it over to Kevin to review our 2019 performance, 2020 outlook, and some other items.
Kevin Stein: Thanks Nick. Today, I will review our results by key markets and discuss the profitability of the business for the quarter, provide fiscal 2020 guidance, and then review some other operational items. As you've seen, we had a strong fourth quarter to end another very good year. Mike will provide more details on the financials. As Nick has said, full year revenue and EBITDA As Defined were up substantially over last year due in part to above-average organic growth as well as continued acquisition integration and performance. Now, we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2018. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note this market analysis section excludes Esterline for fiscal 2019. However, we will begin to include the former Esterline businesses in our market analysis for fiscal 2020. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our commercial OEM market revenue increased approximately 11% in both Q4 and for full year fiscal 2019 over the prior year periods. This full year OEM revenue growth exceeded our last guidance expectation of growth in the mid- to high single-digit range. This growth occurred despite a limited headwind from the impact of 737 MAX grounding. The 737 MAX situation is one we continue to closely monitor. Now, moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by 9% over the prior year quarter. Total fiscal 2019 grew about 8%, in line with our full year guidance expectations of high single-digit percent growth. In the quarter, growth in the commercial transport passenger and freight markets was slightly offset by a decline in the interior submarket. Repairs and retrofits for Telair International on Boeing 747 freighters and retrofit igniters for G650 business jets from Champion were a few of the strong areas for commercial aftermarket worth noting. Overall, commercial transport fundamentals continue to remain relatively strong, although a few items bear watching. Global revenue passenger growth has decelerated slightly in the past few months, albeit growth is still near the long-term average. Additionally, cargo demand is weaker as FTKs have declined from reaching an all-time high in 2017. Now, let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, was up approximately 7% over the prior year Q4. As a reminder, this quarter, we began to lap tougher prior year comparisons as our defense revenue started to accelerate in Q4 of last year. Full year defense revenue grew 14%. Last year, we reported strong defense bookings that we saw materialize into sales this year. This robust growth was well distributed and appears to be driven from most businesses that support defense-related platforms. Now, moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. EBITDA As Defined of about $707 million for Q4 was up 35% versus prior Q4, and $2.42 billion or up 29% on a full year basis. EBITDA As Defined margin in the quarter of 45.9% was negatively impacted by acquisition dilution from Esterline. Excluding Esterline, margins in our legacy business were over 50% and improved both sequentially as well as over the prior year's quarter. Margin improvement progress is always important to us and indicates that our base business continued to find opportunities to drive improvement by using our value drivers. Now, let me give you an update on the Esterline integration and expectations. Over eight months post close, the Esterline integration continues to progress well. We have now largely wound down the former corporate office activities in Bellevue, Washington. The functions that used to be performed here have been migrated to the business units or moved over to our Cleveland corporate office. As noted before, we have equipped the Esterline integration team with senior TransDigm legacy EVPs who are teaching our culture and operating model around value generation to all new business units. We are making progress here, but as you know, culture change can be slow and requires constant reinforcement. To-date, we are exceeding our expectations for growth in this largest of TransDigm acquisitions. Turning now to 2020 guidance, also found on slide seven in the presentation. In general, continued global revenue passenger mile growth, a favorable environment for defense spending, both domestically and internationally, and generally positive economic conditions provide a backdrop for continued success and growth in the marketplace. Certainly, global trade dynamics, continued 737 MAX grounding and shipping delays, political risks, or other exogenous events could have a negative impact on market conditions for TransDigm. We will closely watch these, as we always do, and we'll react as necessary, including taking any preemptive steps that might be warranted. Based on this and assuming no acquisitions in fiscal year 2020, our initial guidance for continuing operations is as follows. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2020 revenue guidance is $6.25 billion or up approximately 20%. As in past years, with roughly 10% less working days in fiscal year 2020 quarter one, revenues, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters of fiscal year 2020, roughly in proportion to the lower working days. This revenue guidance is based on the following market channel growth assumptions. Note these pro forma market assumptions now include Esterline. We expect commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the mid-single-digit to high single-digit percent range versus prior year, commercial OEM revenue growth in the low single-digit to mid-single-digit percent range, defense military revenue growth in the mid-single-digit percent range versus prior year. The midpoint of fiscal year 2020 EBITDA As Defined guidance is $2.83 billion with an expected margin of around 45.2%, up almost 17%. This includes almost 6 points of margin dilution from Esterline. Again, we anticipate EBITDA margin will move up throughout the year, as we have seen in previous years, with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4. The midpoint of adjusted EPS is anticipated to be $20.50. Mike will discuss in more detail shortly -- and the factors impacting EPS. Finally, I would like now to briefly review some executive management changes. As you know, we continually work to improve our bench strength of promotable talent to keep a focus on succession planning. As such, we recently promoted Marko Enderlein and Patrick Murphy to the Executive Vice President role. Marko has worked for TransDigm for over three years as the President of the Telair International team. And prior to joining us, he spent over 15 years at Airbus in financial and leadership roles. Marko will be our first EVP in Europe, responsible for much of our European footprint. Patrick has worked for TransDigm for over 4 years now as the President of HarcoSemco and prior held a variety of senior roles in leadership at Danaher Corporation over an eight-year career. These promotions give us the resources we need to oversee the expanded group of business units following the Esterline acquisition as well as to backfill for Jim Skulina, who is retiring at the end of the calendar year. So, let me conclude by stating fiscal 2019 was another good year for TransDigm. We continue to be very pleased with the Esterline acquisition integration as well as the strong operational performance in our legacy businesses. We look forward to 2020 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our CFO, Mike Lisman.
Michael Lisman: Good morning everyone. Nick and Kevin covered the highlights, so I'm just going to really quickly hit on a few additional financial details. First, for full year FY 2019 and then second, for the FY 2020 guidance that Kevin just covered. As mentioned on our last earnings call, the Esterline organization as it used to exist, including the corporate office, is largely now gone, and the business units which used to comprise Esterline report independently into TransDigm within our power, airframe and non-aviation segments. We therefore don't plan to give any specific color around Esterline's performance, separate from that of legacy TransDigm. During the quarter, both EIT and Souriau were moved into discontinued operations. When you make this accounting change, the results from these business units get completely removed from the individual line items of the P&L and collapsed onto the disc ops line. So, the net result was that it's almost like we never owned them, except for the discontinued operations line. Now, for the consolidated TransDigm business, a few quick notes on how we ended FY 2019. Adjusted EPS for the year was $18.27, up 2.5% from FY 2018. And as a reminder, our FY 2018 EPS saw a significant onetime benefit from the implementation of U.S. tax reform that muddies any year-over-year EPS comparisons. On taxes, we came in slightly better than expected with an FY 2019 GAAP and cash tax rates of 21% and an adjusted rate of 25%. On cash and liquidity, we ended the year with approximately $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet and net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 6.2 times. Pro forma for the recent debt raise, which we closed last week on the 13th, our cash balance increased to just under $3 billion. Should Souriau close as expected during our second quarter of FY 2020, we'll receive almost $900 million of cash proceeds and subsequently have the cash balance of just under $4 billion. We also currently have access to about $720 million of our revolver. Next, on the FY 2020 guidance, I'm going to really quickly give some more details on the financial assumptions around the interest expense, taxes, and then the share count. Interest expense is expected to be about $1.02 billion in FY 2020. This estimate assumes an average LIBOR rate of 1.7% for the full year, which is just an average of the forward consensus curve currently. This yields a weighted average cash interest rate of about 5.5%. On taxes, our fiscal 2020 GAAP cash and adjusted rates are all expected to be in the 24% to 26% range. We expect our weighted average shares outstanding to increase to $57.4 million from $56.3 million in FY 2019 and that assumes no buybacks occur during the fiscal year. Similar to prior years, the increase in shares outstanding is due to employee stock options that vested at the end of our FY 2019. With regard to liquidity and leverage at the end of FY 2020 and assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market transactions, we expect to have roughly $5 billion of cash on hand at the end of the year. This assumes the Souriau divestiture closes as expected. And we estimate our net leverage will be below five times EBITDA as defined at September 30th, 2020. In closing, we expect fiscal 2020 to be a good year for TransDigm. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator to kick-off the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Myles Walton with UBS. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Myles Walton: I wonder if you can, maybe, Nick, just tee us off. I know you didn't want to touch on the precision of the deals that may or not be in the pipeline. But just as you look at how open the debt markets have been to you, is it fair to think that you'll have excess liquidity relative to your pipeline that would point you more towards additional special dividends? Or do you think the pipeline is rich enough to satisfy as open as the debt markets are to you right now?
Nick Howley: Yes, I don't -- obviously, I know the question goes there. I don't want to comment on that. I think, as you know, if we have $4 billion at the end of the year, we won't sit on that. I mean we'll do -- either we'll have something significant in the gun sight or we'll do something else. As you know, we'll make some type of return some to the shareholders and we're just -- we're going to delay that decision a little bit.
Myles Walton: Fair enough. And then, Mike or Kevin, I don't know which, on the free cash flow, fiscal 2018 -- sorry, fiscal 2019 came a little light of fiscal 2018. I think you were looking for it to be as good, if not better. I don't know if that's the divested properties. And then also, can you give a comment on your expectation for free cash flow for 2020?
Michael Lisman: Yes. We -- it was a little bit light in FY 2019, and that's mainly a result of about $100 million of cash charges on Esterline, onetime items related to the integration. With regard to FY 2020, the way we look at it generally is that we expect EBITDA less CapEx, less cash interest, less cash taxes to be about 50% of EBITDA. I think we've mentioned the 50% stat to you guys. Historically, if you looked at FY 2019 and stripped out the Esterline stuff, we hit about 50%, and we expect FY 2020 to be about the same.
Myles Walton: Okay, all right. Thanks. I'll leave at two. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ronald Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Hey good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning Ron.
Ronald Epstein: When you think about potentially deploying some of that capital, are there areas in the portfolio that you think you need more coverage of? I mean is there any clue you can give us? And if you were to do some more M&A, what area would you be covering?
Nick Howley: Yes, I would say our -- what we're looking for is the same thing we're always looking for: proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We're not biased towards one part of an airplane or another part of the airplane or one product or another. If it meets that criteria, and we see a clear path to our private equity-like return, we're a very interested buyer. And I -- we really don't hem it down any more than that.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. Got you. And then maybe just kind of peeling back the onion a little bit. When you think about the return of the 737 MAX into service, is it going to be a headwind or a tailwind? Meaning, there will be fewer older airplanes flying around, which would suggest a headwind. But if it's a new airplane going into service, you'll have provisioning, which would be a possible tailwind, right? So, on balance, how would you expect the return to service there to kind of impact you guys?
Kevin Stein: Yes. Ron, we look at it as somewhat neutral. Of course, the aftermarket's good. The OEM -- we do well with the OEM as a whole on the 737. But as a whole, it's de minimis to the business. It's -- 737 MAX is small enough that the noise of its actual ramp rates, or if anything else difficult happens there, would not have any impact -- noticeable impact on the business. So, I think its de minimis and that's how we model this. Certainly, more older planes flying is good for us, but we have OEM content as well, so it's kind of a push.
Ronald Epstein: Got you. Got you. And then one follow-on to that, if I may. As you mentioned in the prepared remarks, air traffic has slowed a bit this year, right? So, we're maybe a smidge below kind of the long-term mean, but maybe reverting to a mean. But we really haven't seen much impact on aftermarket demand because of that. Are you expecting that to change as we go into next year? I mean is there some conservative in your outlook for next year because of what air traffic has been doing? I mean how can we think about it? I mean be it that air traffic has slowed pretty much across the industry, everybody has had a booming aftermarket performance.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think the RPM growth has been impacted by the lack of availability of the 737. So, I don't want to overblow that to the industry and how it may impact us. So, I look at RPM, it's close to the 50-year average. I don't see a looming problem in the industry. So, I'm still optimistic about the future for this market as a whole, whether it's aftermarket or OEM. I think aftermarket orders can be lumpy at times and we certainly see that. Last year, the POS, which is a nice forward-looking indicator, that was up high single-digits. So, that kind of reinforces how we feel about this year and why we guided to mid to high single-digit growth in the aftermarket. But certainly, we've put necessary conservatism into our forecast, and hence the mid to high comes into play.
Ronald Epstein: Great. Thank you so much,
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning guys, it's actually Matt on for David.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to see -- is there any update you guys can share on the Inspector General audit that you mentioned last quarter, to the extent that you can say anything about it? And then also, I think there was this pricing memo over the summer, the DoD was requesting more kind of pricing data. Is it -- are you still getting requests for that data? And is that having any meaningful impact on you?
Kevin Stein: Yes. So, two parts to your question. The IG update. The IG, that is an audit of the DLA and its buying practices of TransDigm-related products. We continue to work closely with the IG. I really don't have an estimate yet of when that will complete, but we're actively engaged and working through. It appears to be a similar scope as prior audits. That's really all I have to update right now, but we are working closely with them. On the pricing memo, we have met with the DoD directly on this. The pricing memo was put out to hopefully clarify the situation. We're seeing some additional, we would say, pickiness on pricing or costs or different requests for information. But as a whole, we continue to work closely with the DoD and the DLA on their purchases. There's been a little bit of slowdown on some orders, but as a whole, it hasn't -- we don't see any noticeable impact on the business. These tend to be small orders, generally speaking, and we are busy -cooperating with the DLA on the fair and reasonable acquisition process that is dictated by rules and laws, and we work within those completely. And so we're cooperating and working closely together and meeting with them directly.
Nick Howley: I might just add, the last couple of times we've had these, they've taken -- Kevin, I would say, 18 to 24 months to complete. I mean so we don't -- I don't know what this one will take, but that -- at least there's a couple of benchmarks.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Yes, that's really helpful. Thanks. And then, I guess, on Esterline. So last quarter, you commented there was some loss-making contract write-up. Can you say what that level was for the quarter and kind of what the level is you'd expect going forward on that?
Michael Lisman: Yes, it was $15 million in Q4. We expect it to continue with that kind of level going out quarterly. The average over the next, say, three, four years should be about, rough, just as $40 million per year, more in the earlier years than in the out years.
Kevin Stein: It's gradually tapering off, right.
Michael Lisman: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Herbert with Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Ken Herbert: Hi good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning Ken.
Ken Herbert: I just wanted to ask, Nick or Kevin, in prior periods when you've started to maybe see some cautionary signs in your commercial market or other, maybe reasons for a bit of pessimism on the broader outlook, you've been fairly quick to take action and adjust your cost structure ahead of that. Are you at the point where you might start to think about that? Or is it way too early to think about that? And if so, what would you want to see specifically? Or how is your outlook near term as you think about some of the clouds you mentioned on the horizon and some of the lower growth we've seen in passenger traffic?
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think, really, your question is how cautious are we on the market and what do we see. We've provided guidance that says -- and our order book, so far, doesn't indicate that we're starting the year on a weak point with our guidance, so I feel okay. I know Jorge Valladares and I talk about this frequently. We've been together often over the last couple weeks, and it's something we talk about but neither of us see it as something we have to act on this second because the forward-looking indicators, bookings specifically, look decent, look strong. So, I don't think we have to take an adjustment yet, but it is something that we're actively debating so that we don't fall behind. We recognize that once you fall behind, you can never catch up on productivity. So, we certainly don't want to do that, but we don't want to jeopardize the business and deliveries by making that jump too soon. We continue to discuss, I think, is the answer.
Ken Herbert: Okay, that's helpful, Kevin. And I just wanted to follow-up on your comments around sort of the wind-down of the legacy Esterline corporate office in Bellevue and a lot of the transition to your operating businesses over there to Cleveland. Is it fair to say that you'd have the capacity now and the bandwidth for a larger acquisition? Or do you still feel like there's significant integration around Esterline and sort of realization of the upside that you'd maybe not be as excited near term about a larger deal?
Nick Howley: Yes, I would say we're making very good progress on Esterline. And frankly, it's moved faster than we expected. I don't think -- if we saw the right opportunity, I don't think we'd be reticent to pull the trigger because of bandwidth now, where we're more restricted by the sort of value and where the opportunities might be.
Ken Herbert: Okay, great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it back.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Michael Ciarmoli: Maybe, Nick or Kevin, just on Esterline, I think you said EBITDA margins were running above 30%, and I mean that's come a pretty long way. I think the initial guide was maybe low-20% level. Can you just maybe give us some color on what's really helping to drive the improvement there? I mean maybe even compartmentalize it? I mean is it price, is it getting rid of excess overhead? Is it just implementing better productivity and better execution initiatives?
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think, Michael, the answer is yes to that. We've seen opportunities on productivity, on price. Certainly, better leveraging the overhead structure that we have in place already is important to that. We've continued to see new business wins in this business at Esterline. That's important. I think one of the most important points is that we reported that we modeled that the aftermarket at Esterline was somewhere around 30%, and that's up from the 12% that was most recently reported when Esterline was a public company. We found that 30% to maybe be a little conservative. It's better than even what we had modeled similar, directionally, to TransDigm. And so that has been a great reason why we're seeing improvement faster than what we had originally planned. But it's a balance of productivity and price. It's not one thing or the other. We emphasize all areas including new business growth in our improvement.
Nick Howley: The other thing I'd add is -- the only thing I'd add is we -- as I think we continually said when we bought it, our goals are to be fairly conservative in our modeling when we make an acquisition. We don't -- we want to be sure if we're going to give our money away, we have a pretty darn good chance of making it.
Michael Ciarmoli: That better than expected aftermarket exposure, what do you guys attribute that to? I mean, was that just Esterline taking its eye off the ball, not having the systems in place to sort of track the life cycle of their products, not having good turnaround times? I mean anything you can attribute the better than expected 30% exposure?
Kevin Stein: I think we define the market very carefully on aftermarket because we understand how valuable that segment is. So, I think it's largely definitional, and we spent the time combing through the data for those opportunities so that we understood our product mix very well and our market mix.
Nick Howley: And I'd just like repeat the same. Going into something like this, when the data is unclear and we're unsure, we tend to be conservative. Yes.
Kevin Stein: Yes.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. Just the last one, maybe housekeeping on capital deployment. But I guess, with the interest expense, where you guys are for fiscal 2020 as a percent of EBITDA, I think the tax law still restricts deductibility at 30%. I mean do you guys have any plans to get that interest expense below that 30% threshold, whether it's paying down?
Nick Howley: No.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. Got it.
Nick Howley: No, we think of it the same way. The cost of the debt is 5.5% now. So, it's -- depending on how much is or isn't deductible, the after-tax cost is 3.5% to 4.25% or something like that in that range. We always compare that to the cost of our equity on an after-tax basis, which we say we want to give you a PE-like return. So, that still looks pretty good compared to the 15%, 20% PE-like return.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it, perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Greg Konrad: Overall, in defense, you didn't call out bookings like the other two end markets. I mean what type of activity are you seeing from an order perspective and how do you think about that backlog as we head into 2020?
Kevin Stein: We had a strong bookings year in defense, not as strong as the year before, but our total defense bookings were up in that mid-single-digit range, much like we guided to. That's produced by stronger bookings on the defense OE side and a slowdown in bookings in the aftermarket, which may indicate that maybe some of the sequestration, refilling of spares and maintenance-related activities in the defense sector has been caught up. Time will tell.
Greg Konrad: Thanks. And then just one more. You called out business jet and helicopter aftermarket being up 20% in the quarter. I mean what is driving that, whether it's activity or mandate driven? And what type of visibility are you seeing in that market?
Kevin Stein: Your question was specifically around business jet and helicopter?
Greg Konrad: Exactly.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think we're surprised, a little bit cautious surprise there about the performance. We certainly don't see the support on the business jet side on the takeoff and landing cycles, which is how we follow and monitor the business, much like all of you. So, we continue to be pleasantly surprised by the strength of the OE and the aftermarket on the business jet defense. On the helicopter side of the business, I really don't have that much comment. It's a pretty small sector and nothing jumps to mind as worthy of commentary.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, thanks. Good morning guys.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: Maybe inside the air transport aftermarket numbers, could you give us some granularity on discretionary versus nondiscretionary? Maybe if you saw any differences by region or by channel distribution or direct, any color there?
Kevin Stein: Yes. So, I can give you a little bit by submarkets, like we did earlier. We had -- we saw some strength in the freight area that was largely due to 737 freighter. The -- any weakness we saw in the interior side was largely an artifice of stocking packages that were put in the year before. So, we had big stocking packages for some of our interiors businesses and that just didn't repeat. So that will come out in time. Business jet continued pretty strong. Our passenger segments of the commercial aftermarket is right on the multiyear average and right about where we expected it to be. So, the segments are performing more or less as we expected. The freight side has been a pleasant surprise and the interiors is actually -- they're going through a cycle right now. They've recently won a number of international OEM projects on the interiors business as a whole, and that will translate to growth and opportunities for aftermarket in the future. So, I think these are the lumps of some of these submarkets that we see on the aftermarket side.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks Kevin, that's helpful. And just a separate question on -- if you could maybe comment on where you are in the value-based pricing implementation of Esterline's aftermarket. Have you had--?
Kevin Stein: Yes, we don't really talk about it that way. Our value drivers are a constant focus for us. We don't look at it as the journey is complete and we've reached Nirvana. We continue to work these, it's part of our discipline, it's part of our process. So, we see opportunities ongoing in our legacy TransDigm businesses, just like we see them on the old Esterline side, and we'll actually stop referring to it as the Esterline businesses. It'll just be part of our power, airframe and non-aerospace sectors as we go forward. But that's kind of how we see it.
Gautam Khanna: That's a fair answer, I appreciate it. Maybe asked a better way, of the 30%-plus of Esterline's revenue that is aftermarket, do you have a sense for how much is sort of spot aftermarket or, if you will, off contract?
Kevin Stein: No, I do not. I do not have that knowledge as I sit here, sorry.
Gautam Khanna: That's okay. Thank you very much. appreciate it.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead sir, your line is open.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: Nick, I think it was back in like 2011 when you guys took the kind of target return down from 20% to 17.5% at the top and maybe I guess 12.5% down to 10% at the bottom. And I think one of the reasons at that time was the growth in the business, and at that point, it was about $1.2 billion. Obviously, much, much bigger now and I think you guys have probably exceeded your own and everybody else's expectations. Does that -- now that we're above $6 billion here, does that return framework still work?
Nick Howley: We don't have any -- we do not have any plans to change it now. Well, let me make sure I understand your question. Is your question what do we expect go forward growth in the shares to be? Or is it what do you -- what do we plan to do with our compensation plan?
Seth Seifman: I think the -- well, the compensation plan is intended to reflect I guess the shares, right? And so, let's say the shares then.
Nick Howley: All right. I'll answer both questions anyway. I would say our goal on the shares is we hope to continue to do this, is to give you a private equity-like return. And we define that as somewhere in the 15% to 20% over a long period of time. Each year won't be that. Clearly it's done -- I want to say the growth in the public market for the last, whatever it is, 12 or 13 years has been more like 35%. I don't think that will continue going forward. And our goal is still, as I say, a PE-like return, and we still think that's reasonable to expect. On the compensation targets, where we -- the 7 -- what the 17.5% roughly is, it's about what top quartile PE funds return. So, we -- and that's how we have targeted through the years. And as we get bigger, it made more sense to look like a top quartile PE fund and that's why we went to the 17.5%. Should that go to 15% someday? I don't know, perhaps, but it's not in the gun sight right now.
Seth Seifman: Got it. Got it. Okay. And then as a follow-up, just to make sure I understand, last quarter without Esterline, it looked like the pro forma of commercial aftermarket contribution to the company was 36% of revenue, and this quarter it's 31%. And so it would seem that the Esterline piece is coming in with below 30% commercial aftermarket. Or is that like an incorrect reading on my part?
Nick Howley: We're not following your math. I'm not sure that's correct. I guess if the Esterline contribution is well below 30%, we know that's not correct.
Seth Seifman: Right. Okay, okay. Okay. I was just looking at the slides from last quarter and this quarter. But maybe two more quick cleanup ones. On the defense piece that's 37% now, what's the rough split there with Esterline and the total TransDigm defense pie between aftermarket and OE?
Kevin Stein: I think it's similar to our commercial business, but that's as much as we guide on that.
Seth Seifman: Right. Okay. Okay. And then the last piece is you talked about $4 billion of cash at year-end. I guess the -- yes, actually I'll leave it there. Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back to Liza Sabol for her final remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. That concludes our call today. We just would like to thank you again for calling in.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Q3, 2019 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Ms. Liza Sabol, Director of Investor Relations.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2019 third quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Please visit our website at transdigm.com to obtain a supplemental slide deck and call replay information. Before we begin, wed like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the companys latest filings with the SEC. Wed also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations of those non-GAAP metrics. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning. And thanks everybody for calling in. As usual, today Ill start with some summary comments on our consistent strategy, a few comments on our fiscal year 19 performance, outlook and then our capital allocation. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry, due to both our consistency and our ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products from which we believe we are the sole-source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have higher margins and provide relative stability in the downturns. Our long standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation, as well as the careful allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple well proven value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system very closely aligned with our shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit with our strategy and where we see a clear path to PE like returns. And lastly, our capital allocation and capital structure are a key part of our value creation methodology. As you saw from our press release, we had a strong third quarter with both revenue EBITDA As Defined and earnings per share well ahead of consensus. This is in spite of the payment of a $16 million voluntary refund from the Department of Defense. Our businesses are seeing strong demand in all major markets. Far and away the largest portion of our business, our worldwide commercial aerospace markets is quite strong. The smaller worldwide Defense segment is also doing well. TransDigm's legacy businesses performed well and the Esterline acquired businesses exceeded our acquisition model and our prior guidance. We have increased the full year guidance substantially to reflect both of these factors. We now expect the Esterline businesses to run at an EBITDA margin in the mid 20% range for our 6.5 months of ownership. A long-term opportunity in Esterline is quite likely better than we modeled in our valuation and at this point Esterline is improving faster than we originally modeled. We do not intend to comment on the 2020 outlook at this time. We will do so during our November call. With respect to M&A and capital allocation, as I'm sure you saw, we executed an agreement to sell the Scoria business to Eaton for $920 million. We expect this to close during the first quarter of our fiscal year 2020. We currently anticipate that this will be the largest disposition of the Esterline businesses. We do however expect to sell some other businesses. Souriau and any other Esterline businesses we may sell have less proprietary aerospace and aftermarket content than we target, as such, they all fit well with our consistent long-term strategy. With respect to capital allocation, as we have done a number of times in the past, weve decided to pay a special dividend of about $30 a share, or roughly 60 - 6% of the recent 30 day average share price. This will be paid on or about August 23. Given the recently announced sale of Souriau for $920 million, the significant amount of cash currently available, our solid operating performance and our ongoing expectations we think this is appropriate at this time. This still leaves the company with substantial liquidity and the financial flexibility to deal with any currently anticipated capital requirements or other opportunities that may come up in the readily foreseeable future. After the special dividend payout in late August, we still anticipate having about $1.3 billion of cash and about $725 million of unused and unrestricted revolver as of the end of our fiscal year, that is 9/30/19. We also have additional capacity under our credit agreement. After closing the Souriau sale and assuming no further acquisitions or capital market activity, we expect our cash balance to be over $2 billion at the end of Q1 fiscal 2020. We still expect to have borrowing capacity under our agreement and the revolver balance still available. As always, we will regularly evaluate our capital requirements and allocation decisions as we go forward. We continue to actively evaluate and seek M&A opportunities. We have a decent pipeline of mostly small mid-size possibilities. I can't predict or comment on possible closings, but as I said before we are still working steadily at M&A and we're open for business. And now let me hand it over to Kevin to more fully review our performance, outlook and a few other items.
Kevin Stein: Thanks, Nick. Today, I will review our results by key market then discuss the profitability of the business for the quarter. Ill provide revised fiscal year guidance and review some other operational items. As youve seen we had a very strong third quarter including another quarter of above-average organic growth. Mike will provide more details on the financials. But our third quarter operations, specifically revenue and EBITDA As Defined were up substantially over last year. Q3 GAAP revenues were up 69% versus prior year Q3 and EBITDA As Defined was up 42% over the prior year with margins at approximately 42% of revenue. Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2018 that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note this market analysis excludes Esterline. We will begin to include the Esterline acquisition in our market analysis once we have validated the data as legacy TransDigm had a different market segmentation process. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. In our commercial OEM market, Q3 revenues increased approximately 10%, when compared with Q3 of fiscal year 2018. Due to our year-to-date revenue growth of 10% and continued booking strength, we are increasing our commercial OEM full year revenue guidance to mid to high single digit growth from our previous guidance of mid single-digit growth. Please note, this increased OEM guidance includes our expected impact from 737 MAX groundings and shipping delays and assumes we expect to be shipping at 42 aircraft units per month. We believe any impact from the MAX issues should not have a material impact on our financials this fiscal year. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by 8% over the prior year quarter and grew sequentially. In the quarter, commercial transport passenger growth of 9% was offset by slower growth in the commercial transport freight submarket and business jet. Overall, commercial transport fundamentals continue to remain relatively strong, although a few items bear watching. Global revenue passenger growth has decelerated slightly in the past few months albeit growth is still near the long-term average. Additionally, cargo demand is weaker as FTKs have declined from reaching an all-time high in 2017. Business jet aftermarket growth has stagnated somewhat following a period of higher growth in 2018. Although we feel good about the overall commercial aftermarket due to some of the items mentioned above, we maintain our commercial aftermarket guidance for high single-digit growth. Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues was up approximately 19% over the prior year Q3. Revenue growth was distributed across most of our business units. Last year, we recorded strong defense bookings that we are continuing to see materialize into sales in both defense, OEM and defense aftermarket. However, we anticipate defense sales growth to temper in the fourth quarter from the robust growth experienced year-to-date and tougher comps in the prior year Q4 period. Due to higher-than-expected defense sales growth year-to-date, we are increasing our defense full year revenue guidance to grow in the low teens from our previous guidance of high single digit growth. Now lets move on to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. EBITDA As Defined of about $691 million for Q3 was up 42% versus prior Q3. This includes $134 million of Esterline contribution in the quarter. EBITDA As Defined margin in the quarter was approximately 42% of revenues. EBITDA in the quarter negatively impacted by acquisition dilution primarily from Esterline and the acquisitions purchased in fiscal year 2018 as well as the payment of the $16 million voluntary refund. Excluding these items, our core margin was robust at 52.4% and improved both sequentially and over the prior year. Margin improvement progress is always important to us and indicates that our base businesses continue to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. We continue our relentless pursuit of value generation. Now lets turn to 2019 guidance. We are increasing our sales and EBITDA guidance to reflect the strong results of our legacy TransDigm business and better than originally modeled Esterline integration performance. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2019 revenue guidance is now $5.53 billion, an increase of $85 million. This revenue guidance is based on the revised market channel growth rate assumptions we just discussed for TransDigm legacy business, plus higher expectations for Esterline revenue. The midpoint of fiscal year 2019 EBITDA As Defined guidance is now $2.44 billion, an increase of $90 million with an expected margin of around 44%. If you add back the voluntary refund, about 40% of this increase is related to performance of our legacy business with the remainder attributable to Esterline. Excluding Esterline, the full year margin is expected to be around 50%. We are increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS $1.28 to $18.09 per share, primarily from the increased EBITDA guidance. As Nick said earlier, we won't comment on 2020 guidance just yet. The revised guidance for this full year assumes that we own all of the Esterline business units for the remainder of fiscal year 2019. So it includes the full fourth quarter contribution from Souriau. As mentioned in the press release announcing the sale of Souriau to Eaton, we do not expect these transactions to close until the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. Now let me give you an update on the Esterline integration and expectations. After 6.5 months of ownership, the Esterline integration is progressing well. We continue to wind down the former corporate office activities in Bellevue, Washington. The phased workforce reductions there appear to be working well as we migrate corporate job functions by the end of the calendar year. As noted, before, we have equipped the Esterline integration team with senior TransDigm legacy EVPs who are teaching our culture and operating model around value generation to all new business. We are making progress here but as you know cultural change can be slow and requires constant reinforcement. Although, we do not share many specific details on a business unit, I believe we can use the considerable operations performance improvement at Kirkhill to illustrate how we are addressing the opportunity provided. During our time of Kirkhill ownership, we have followed our integration model focused the team on the value drivers, invested capital well above historical levels, drove accountability and bias for action within our team and organized the business along business unit structures. Kirkhill provides a series of mission-critical seals for the Joint Strike Fighter program and prior to TransDigm ownership the Kirkhill contribution to the F-35 program was failing, our OEM and DoD partners and Kirkhill as a whole was losing significant money. Today, we have turned the company around, now making a solid profit. We have increased the F-35 output by almost 400% and have decreased our over dues by greater than 75% for this critical program all within a short period of time. This is the true value we provide to our shareholders and customers. Our operations deliver highly engineered, quality products, on time as expected. Finally, during the second quarter as Nick mentioned in the last earnings call the inspector general reports on the sample of our aftermarket parts was completed with no allegation of any wrongdoing. Though the high level of profitability was questioned, the report requested a $16 million voluntary refund. As you maybe aware, the company decided to make a $16 million voluntary payment spread around various Department of Defense agencies and this was included in our results this quarter. This was not an obligation of the company, but it was not characterized as such and was clearly specified as not any admission of wrongdoing. However, in the interest of dealing with a good and important customer, we thought this was in the best interest of the company. We have also been informed that there will be an additional Inspector General audit. At this time, we are unable to assess the timing or the exact scope of the audit. As in the past, we will not publicly comment on this audit along the way unless there is some substantial reason to do so. As a reminder, direct sales to the U.S. government make up in the range of 6% to 8% of our annual revenues depending on the year and whether you include distributors or not. Of this 6% to 8% typically about a quarter, we estimate to be competitive product and roughly another 10% is in contracts over $2 million covered by TINA truth and negotiations regulations that require certified cost data. Many, if not most of our remaining direct military sales we believe fall under commercial designation as expected given our commercial product development pedigree. So in summary, we are pleased with the Esterline acquisition thus far and with our strong operational performance, both in the quarter and year-to-date. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Michael Lisman: Thanks, Kevin. It was a good third quarter. Ill quickly review the financial results of revised full year guidance in more detail. First for the legacy, TransDigm business and then second for Esterline. So for the legacy TransDigm business third quarter net sales were just over $1.1 billion, which is up approximately 13% versus the prior year. Organic sales growth was above average at 11.8% and drove the majority of the increase. EBITDA As Defined increased 14% from the prior year to $557 million. Excluding the non-operating $16 million voluntary refund paid to the U.S. government EBITDA As Defined would have been $573 million implying a margin of 51.4% versus the 49.7% from last years third quarter. Now switching gears over to Esterline. Esterline generated $545 million of revenue and $134 million of EBITDA in our Q3, which implies an EBITDA margin of 24.6%. As Nick and Kevin mentioned, this margin is ahead of our expectation and beats the rough EBITDA margin guidance we provided on last quarters call. Now for the consolidated entity including both legacy TransDigm and Esterline. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $4.95, which is up 23% from the same quarter last year. If you were to exclude the $16 million non-operating charge for the voluntary refund and then also a $10 million one-time tax charge that we took during the quarter, adjusted EPS would have been $5.35 per share, which is an increase of 33% from last year's third quarter. A quick update on taxes. Were still expecting our GAAP and cash tax rate to be about 24% to 25% for the year and were expecting an adjusted tax rate of roughly 26.5%. On cash and liquidity, we ended the quarter with just over $2.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 5.8 times. Pro forma for the dividend that was just announced, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio will increase to approximately 6.3 times as of the date of the dividend payment which is about August 23. One final note on financial disclosure going forward. In our comments on today's call as well as on the call slides, we've given some additional info on Esterlines financial performance for the first full quarter under TransDigm ownership. Going forward, so on the November earnings call and after, we do not intend to disclose this information. As Kevin mentioned, the Esterline organization as it used to exist is largely now gone and the 20 business units that used to comprise Esterline report independently into TransDigm within our power, airframe and non-aviation segments. I would also quickly caution everyone not to expect $130 million plus of EBITDA from the former Esterline business units going forward as this figure for our Q3 includes certain units that are likely to be divested as Nick stated. With that, Ill hand it back over to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Ronald Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Ronald Epstein: Now that you've owned Esterline for a while, what - really what surprised you the most positively and negatively?
Kevin Stein: Positively, I think the amount of opportunity were finding. I think the way that the teams are identifying that with us and aggressively going after it. I think that has been just a breath of fresh air how much opportunity there is both on improving the operations themselves and in productivity and other items. But really in improving the operations there's a tremendous amount of opportunity. But that's also the negative is that finding businesses that I think are in times need some more capital injection, need to redo their operations, drive accountability. I think it all fits well with the TransDigm model. I also think some of the morale was maybe a little lower than it could have been. So I think the teams are responding very well to our leadership and assistance were providing.
Nick Howley: The only thing I might add is on the downside, Kevin I don't know that weve seen any significant downside if we didn't know how to move into it. Hopefully that continues to be the case.
Ronald Epstein: I mean one other question that's in the back of everybody's mind see if I can articulate this well. Is there anyway you can maybe give rough quantification of that opportunity? Because as people build the models, they think about this, how can we think about it in a more quantified fashion?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. That's difficult. So we will give guidance for 2020 next year. Its difficult for us as we're still unpacking us to give you a lot of guidance on that. So can we give 2020 guidance next earnings call? I know that it's difficult to model right now, but we're still trying to unpack and learn this as we go as well.
Ronald Epstein: Great. And then just one last follow on that. I think the guidance you gave for this year implies that the margins at Esterline might slow down a bit in the second half. But historically that was usually the better margin period for Esterline. I mean, would there be any reason why you should expect that historical precedent to change?
Kevin Stein: I think in general it's conservatism on our parts. That's what were stressing right now as again we're learning and unpacking the Esterline businesses. We havent seen anything as Nick said that alarms us, but we just don't want to get anyone ahead of our performance just yet.
Ronald Epstein: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks. Thanks for taking my question.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
David Strauss: Morning. Wanted to ask about free cash flow, it looks like based on your year end target for the balance of the year you're forecasting about $1 billion, maybe $1.1 billion in free cash flow this year is that correct? And it still looks like that's implying like a 40% conversion, low 40% conversion of EBITDA and I think you've targeted closer to 50%. If you could just talk about that a little bit? Thanks.
Michael Lisman: I think the stats you gave are directionally accurate. We have some one-time cash charges on the Esterline acquisition. If you were to take a stab at backing those out, I think you would get closer to the 45% to 50% range on EBITDA conversion that we've had historically. And that's true for the quarter and the full year.
David Strauss: And Mike so that's a good way to think about the modeling free cash flow conversion looking ahead from here 45% to 50% on EBITDA?
Michael Lisman: It is. It is. And obviously as you get to a higher leverage points in the cycle, you're with the interest payment it will be slightly towards the lower end but it will be in that range as weve been historically.
David Strauss: Okay. And then on the Souriau sale. Anyway how should we think about the adjusted EPS dilution associated with that as we think about modeling 2020?
Michael Lisman: We havent  its basically in the guidance as we said. We haven't given specific or quantified in the past exactly what business units are contributing to our guidance. We don't want to start doing that now. But we expect basically it's in the guidance for the year, there's a chance it could move into discontinued operations during the next quarter. And I think you've probably seen from the some of the press releases that are out there roughly what it could be contributing on revenue and EBITDA.
David Strauss: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research.
Nick Howley: Morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland: Hey. Good morning, guys. Just a couple of quick ones. One the commentary that you made around cargo freight and business jet that sort of stagnation and the comment around FTKs are you seeing anything in the bookings - the four bookings that is really driving any sort of material cost or concern there or it's just something you wanted to note?
Nick Howley: I think its something we wanted to note. We have seen a little softness or slowing down in maybe some of the business jet side, but just wanted to comment on that that was dragging down the total number. And certainly on the FTK side the cargo metrics have become more important to us because of acquisitions we've made over the years. And just wanted to draw that to everyone's attention that that's an important piece for us and has performed not unexpectedly although it's a little bit of a drag on our aftermarket number.
Carter Copeland: So, its down, but are bookings running below shipments even beyond that?
Nick Howley: In the freights I don't have that split out in front of me. So, I can't comment on that. I think in general its better. Liza's giving me the thumbs-up. So, it's generally getting better in that cargo space.
Carter Copeland: Okay. Thumbs-up is official, so well take that. And then just one quick follow-up on the thought process around the sizing of the dividend, the leverage ratio that youll be left with there. I think you said it was 6.3%. You've obviously had some comfort having that be a bit higher either on deals or dividends in the past. And so I wondered if that implied any impact on the M&A pipeline or flexibility, you're leaving yourself. Any comments you can make there would be helpful. Thank you.
Nick Howley: Yes. I don't - I wouldn't take a lot from that quarter. This is Nick. Seeing - put the whole thing in the picture it seems like a reasonable number to go with right now. As you can see, we continue to build up both the cash and financial flexibility. So we'll make that call sort of quarter-by-quarter.
Carter Copeland: Okay. All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thank you. Sorry for the noise in the background. I was wondering after youve looked at Esterline now, do you still -- are you still comfortable at about 30% of the aerospace and defense lines of revenue is aftermarket as you guys have defined it? Or has that changed at all?
Nick Howley: I think it's too early to tell on this. We certainly feel good about the acquisition exceeding our expectations so far. But it's too early as we haven't completed our market segmentation work on Esterline. We both did things a little differently and we need to go through this accurately and it's on a part number by part number basis, so it takes some time. So, we're still going through this.
Kevin Stein: But I wouldn't think we feel any reason to think it's any worse than we thought.
Nick Howley: Yes. I think generally acquisitions look better, but beyond that I don't know.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just so in terms of kind of reassessing the pricing strategy that's still early innings I presume. Is that a fair assumption?
Nick Howley: Absolutely.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you very much guys.
Nick Howley: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Kevin, can you give a little bit more or get more granular on where Esterline is exactly outperforming your expectations, I mean, is it on the cost side? Are you seeing better revenue growth in certain product lines? Are you getting better pricing? I mean, can you just give us some tangible examples of maybe where and how it's exceeding your expectations?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think it's really across the board. Not to cop out on you, but operationally we're getting more volume through the facilities. We've done some selective hiring in a few places. So operationally, productivity we're getting more out of the same milestone and we're able to do it at lower costs. We're finding some pricing opportunities. Certainly, there's some lost contract reserves that Mike has discussed that are put into there that we'll have to resolve out into the future. But it's really on all legs of our value generation stool. It's productivity, it's price, it's value generation, it's driving more volume across the milestones and it's also winning new business as we go forward. So I can't point to any one area. I tried to give some evidence of our operational progress that is significant on the Kirkhill side to give you some evidence of the problem or the opportunity that we're facing and what we're doing about it.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. And then just as it relates to the DoD, the Inspector General I mean, it sounds like on a go-forward basis, they put out a government wide request requesting pricing details from all your subsidiaries. What if anything do you guys have to change internally about - regarding your processes going forward maybe, how you show cost data? I mean, can you just give us a sense as to what might have to take place -- is doing business at DoD?
Kevin Stein: It's still very early in the process. We still have - I mean, there are two issues that you've raised. One is the - there's a secondary IG audit and then there's this DoD pricing memo. As far as the IG audit goes, it's unclear to us how long this audit will take. We assume that given the result of the last audit that took a while, the IG is looking at a slightly larger pool of contracts. But we don't have -- we don't believe that there will be anything different in this process than in the last. We also believe the results will be the same as the last IG audit. But we are cooperating with that and we'll provide information as requested. We assume that any exposure here is voluntary and also de minimis to the corporation. Given the size of the military business that we have direct to the government to the DoD. As far as the DoD pricing memo goes as best, we understand that memo reflects the wording of the applicable FARs or those federal acquisition regulations. The contracting officers could always request cost or pricing data and of course, we always comply with the FARs. We all know we're highly decentralized so our operating units are handling any cost or pricing data requests locally as they always have, when they come up on a case-by-case basis. We're trying to be cooperative here. Some awards could be delayed, but it's hard to estimate how much of this we still see our defense business moving forward. Hence, we're supplying costs on a necessary basis as requested. So we are attempting to work together. We recognize that the DoD is a valuable customer to us and we want to work together to come to a workable solution on this. Does that answer your question?
Michael Ciarmoli: That does. That does. Helpful. Ill jump back in the queue. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Myles Walton: I want to follow-up maybe on Michael's just - with on defense. I think last quarter you said you're expecting  you got flattening sales as the bookings were flattening. But obviously you put up a pretty good number here in the quarter. So Im just curious can you make a comment on where bookings are trending year-to-date in defense and what you did in the commercial businesses?
Nick Howley: Bookings are still  were still booking. We're still booking ahead of sales, but at a slower rate. I think our total bookings for the year versus 18 are only up modestly year-over-year. We still see strength in OEM. I think our aftermarkets - defense aftermarket has slowed a bit on the bookings side. So that's our commentary on bookings. That's why we anticipate this will be flattening out. It just hasn't happened yet. It's difficult to predict when some of the bookings are due to ship. Just trying to flag what we see has some weakness in our business looking forward. But it's a smaller piece for us, but just looking to be fully transparent.
Myles Walton: Yes. I appreciate.
Nick Howley: You're talking about total. Yeah.
Kevin Stein: Yeah.
Myles Walton: And then on Esterline specifically, if you can comment on their bookings strength? I mean, it looks like they did about 9% organic sales growth this quarter, which is an acceleration from last quarter. And just kind of curious if you can make any comment around customer receptivity and how that's flowing through to bookings trends.
Nick Howley: I don't have any bookings trend in front of me on Esterline and there's nothing to comment on right now on that. And I don't want to get into the specifics of this business or that business. But I think in general, we are happy with the acquisition appears to be exceeding our expectations. So that includes there is good demand out there.
Myles Walton: Okay. And Mike, just a clarification. A $100 million transaction costs, how much of that is cash for the year?
Michael Lisman: The exact cash for the year, I don't have the year in front of me. It's $60 million for the - $60 million is cash for the year and the bulk of it fell into this quarter.
Myles Walton: Okay. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: Hey, good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Robert Spingarn: Wondering if you could at least speak to Kirkhill as a proxy for the rest of Esterline. You mentioned, it's a pretty good example. You've owned that now for I guess, about five quarters. And so while you're not ready to predict where the rest of Esterline can go how does Kirkhill inform you in terms of the timing and the magnitude of the margin improvement?
Nick Howley: Interesting question. That was certainly what I wanted to illustrate and including them. In terms of the amount of time, or where I can get to, I think what it tells us is there's a lot of operational improvement that we have to go through in our facilities. It's not just there's a lot of work to be done here as we look at the facilities. I think there is cost to remove. There is improvements to make. I think Kirkhill sits as an example, because it was undercapitalized on some key areas and was sort of in a difficult maybe even losing morale. That has been the part, if you turn around, and drive with our culture. I think that it's going to take time. Operations improvements don't come in and just wave a magic wand and they happen. But clearly, across the board, there is a lot of work to be done here to get these businesses to delivering on time with the quality necessary appropriate quality. So there is a lot of work to be done. So it will take time on the order of several years to get this is where we needed to be and where our customers need it to be. I think that's all I can comment on. Again, we're still unpacking the Esterline businesses and each one is a bit of a snowflake. Each one needs different structural improvements. Some need hiring. Some need engineering injection. Each one requires a different business plan to get it turned around. But what we provide is that intimate transparent contact with our EVPs and the business units, in a forum that is all about - not about blame, but about finding the solution and driving it quickly.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. So, based on that it sounds like you're not through Kirkhill yet either. That's probably several more.
Kevin Stein: No. No, no. We have a couple of years to get through all of Kirkhill, I think.
Robert Spingarn: Okay.
Kevin Stein: We've made great strides you heard. 400% output improvement on key fields that we were struggling on before our overdue is down. But that's just on one  that's on the F-35 sell itself. There's still a lot more work to be done throughout the rest of the plan.
Robert Spingarn: So just last question on this. In general at Esterline, you talked about getting more volume through and you just mentioned the productivity side of that. So were they simply under producing or not producing quickly enough? Or were there  are there examples across Esterline, where they were also underselling? And is that an opportunity?
Kevin Stein: Its difficult to comment on underselling. I think again, it's going to take us time to unpack this. So difficult for me to know, I think there's been strong response from customers. I think the aerospace environment knows what TransDigm does, when it takes over a company, about fixing them, making them better, investing, driving operations improvements. And I think that positive attitude has certainly come forward from our customer base, but beyond that difficult to comment.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Can you specify what the Esterline margin in the remaining quarter of the year, guidance is that, that rolls into the full year guidance?
Michael Lisman: We are guiding individually on Esterline versus legacy TransDigm. Were just basically doing it, Noah, as a consolidated company, going forward. And that's how we're going to do it, in future quarters as well.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I only asked that because, I mean, we know a lot of the inputs and the algebra. But not all of them, but it looks like, the guidance implies, kind of like almost like a mid-teens margin for Esterline, in the fourth quarter versus the over 20, you're running at in the.
Michael Lisman: No. It's higher than that. And closer to something more like what we did this quarter and mid-teens.
Nick Howley: Well, what we said is that, we expected to run mid-20s for the 6.5 months ownership.
Noah Poponak: Right. That's - so I think yeah Nick, that's what I was asking because it didn't square with that comment.
Nick Howley: Yeah. So maybe we're being a little conservative.
Michael Lisman: Yeah. And maybe somehow, we've got more, some piece we said, we're conservative on that.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I can also follow-up on my math, with you, guys, after the call there. Kevin, the example you gave on the F-35 at Kirkhill, is that a variant? And on time, and to specification, is that something you find, maybe not quite to that degree, but is that something you find and pretty much everything you acquire?
Kevin Stein: We frequently find operations that aren't performing at the level that they need to for what their customers expect. So, if that is specifically what you're asking, yes, we do see.
Noah Poponak: Well, I guess I'm asking less on operations broadly, which I think, what I think of as just sort of price cost and margin performance. Im asking more specifically on the delivery specification to the customer. Because I sense that, that's something that sort of underrated in your business, relative to all the things, we think about that go into the business. And so I'm curious, if that was very
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think youre right. We do find, in general, that businesses that we acquire need to have some part of their operations fixed. They make great products. Theyre great engineers. But operationally, they run a little laughter than they need to, on delivery performance and other key attributes. So, yeah, that means that, many of them, if not most, are improvement projects when we get them. And I think, yeah, youre hitting on the point that, I've been trying to drive on that, when there's more to us. Were excellent operators. And we fundamentally improve businesses, by investment, by structure, by empowering the teams to make a difference. And it absolutely works.
Noah Poponak: Tax rate. Is there any change to the recurring beyond 2019, medium-term tax rate?
Kevin Stein: No. No change.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Hi. Thanks so much. Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: First question, a bit boring, I'm afraid. On SG&A, obviously, some one-off items here in the third quarter. But if you look at the underlying number, do you think there is an opportunity to bring that down, over time?
Michael Lisman: We basically - we run the businesses, Rob, towards more and look more at EBITDA margin, over time. If you were to look historically, as well as this quarter, has trended down a little bit, by a couple of tenths of a percentage points. And we expect to see continued improvement like that, going forward.
Robert Stallard: Yeah. If were looking at absolute numbers  you know you strip out that DoD refund and stuff. It's probably tough to actually bring the pattern of the absolute number down right going forward?
Kevin Stein: The absolute dollars you're saying rather than percent basis?
Robert Stallard: Yes.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I'm not sure.
Liza Sabol: It depends to be - because what  whats in SG&A versus gross profit and as we work that out.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I'd suggest as Mike says - focus on the EBITDA margin. And I would - in total with the Esterline included I would expect we should see that continue to move up. Hard to say - I don't know exactly which piece it comes out of.
Robert Stallard: Right. And then secondly on guidance. This may be conservative, but your forecast aerospace OEM seems to suggest quite a big slowdown in the fourth quarter. And I was wondering if there is anything specific business-wise that drives that?
Kevin Stein: No. There is not  there is nothing that stands out as a slowdown. It's conservatism. There's some unknown that we talked about with MAX and other piece is that we try to include. But I think it's just conservatism given the market.
Robert Stallard: Okay. Maybe just one final one. A couple of supplies -- noted that there has been slower-than-expected initial provisioning on the 737 MAX. Is that something that you've seen in the last two quarters?
Kevin Stein: We don't do a lot of the initial provisioning, but given that they are slowing down shipments that would - 737 provisioning was a significant piece for you that would make sense. It's not a significant piece for us. So we don't - we've been building at anywhere from 42 to full rate depending on what our customers want from us So it's kind of different business-by-business, but our forecast going forward assumed a 42 build rates.
Robert Stallard: Okay. Thats great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Herbert with Canaccord.
Ken Herbert: Hi. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Ken Herbert: I just - I first wanted to ask on your defense business. Similar question  Im assuming its conservatism just would sort of a full year up 2017, but the guide lower in teens. Is there anything specifically to point to besides just caution in the outlook?
Kevin Stein: Just caution in the outlook. There's nothing that we are pointing to.
Ken Herbert: Okay. That's helpful. And then - -can you provide any more color either around the third quarter results for aftermarket earlier on the defense side? Any relatively doing better or any specific programs or opportunities you specifically point to  where you saw notable strength in the quarter?
Kevin Stein: You know, I think, F-35 is a leading program for us. I comment on that that continues to do well and continue to grow and expand for us. Many of our businesses are on that platform, but I think, we look for that. I anticipated that question, we all did and we went looking for are there any one-timers. It's nicely spread across the business. If you look for platforms that takes us a little bit longer to diagnose, but F-35 is important. The A400 is important. You know, there is a lot of important platforms the same ones that you would expect, but the OEM strength is really nicely across many businesses for us.
Ken Herbert: Okay. That's helpful. And just finally you typically don't talk about operating segments much. But as I think about some of your businesses like to Tellar [ph] and GDC and others that have significant defense exposure. I guess is it fair to assume you're seeing similar trends either across businesses or geographically, as I think about your European defense exposure relative to United States?
Kevin Stein: I have not diagnosed European defense versus US defense, so I can't comment on that.
Ken Herbert: Okay.
Kevin Stein: I assume their strength, because I am not seeing it as regionally weak, I assume that it's solid across. But I can't comment for sure.
Ken Herbert: Okay. Ill leave it there. Thank you very much.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani from Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, gentlemen. It's actually Jonathan on for Rajeev. Just a quick one on the MAX. Are you seeing any uplift on - because of the grounding on commercial aftermarket, I realized you guys talked about how it's not a material impact for the year? But just wondering, if there's any older aircraft coming online on the - helping on the aftermarket side?
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I can't point to that gave us X amount of uplift in the quarter. It's in the noise. The other legacy planes were already flying. They are simply flying them a little bit harder than they were before. So we haven't seen anything noticeable and I think that is similar to what others have commented on in the industry so far.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Conrad from Jefferies.
Greg Conrad: Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Greg Conrad: Just wanted to follow-up. I think on the last call you have talked about recovering maybe $1 billion of the purchase price from Esterline from divestitures. I think you said Souriau is the largest part of that at 920 [ph], but it seems like maybe there is upside. Is there any way to think about the percentage of the business that kind of fits your proprietary strategy versus maybe things that are non-core?
Nick Howley: Yeah. I think we gave - this is Nick. I think we give you when we first talked about the acquisition some sense of what we thought was core kind of businesses and what didn't now. And I think that umber was somewhere in the 20%, 25% -- now that's not all severable because some of it sort of embedded in other businesses. I think the guidance we gave you on about $1 billion and more of asset sales, as you see we got 920 on the first one, and I don't think we're finished. So, I think that's pretty safe conservative guidance. All these things go as we anticipate.
Greg Conrad: Thank you. That's helpful. And just one follow-up, I mean, you talked about freight and business jet aftermarket maybe being a little bit concerning. But the commercial aftermarket has stayed strong as air traffic decelerated. A lot of the suppliers are talked about some pent-up demand. I mean, is there a portion of that business that maybe concerns you in terms of sites to slower traffic growth?
Nick Howley: No. I think it bears constant watching to see if it changes, but so far, its not. So we are 9% year-over-year growth in the large commercial transport aftermarket. Thats a robust number. So I feel good about it. Yes, freights are a little weaker. We've been flagging that for a little while. Business jet, we've also been flagging as not really understanding the fundamentals behind that market, and why it's predicted to go up so much. But beyond that, were seeing a little bit softer in freight, a little bit softer in business jet. But our large transport again robust at plus 9%.
Greg Conrad: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. Good morning and good quarter. Mike, I think we spoke on the last call, but I wanted to see about following up. Were there write-ups of loss making contracts at Esterline? And how much do those contribute to EBITDA?
Michael Lisman: There was a reserve during the quarter. Impact to EBITDA was about $12 million for our Q3.
Seth Seifman: Okay. And is that sort of like a go forward number?
Michael Lisman: Were finalizing our calculation. Our rough estimate is we expect an amount like that to run out over three to four years when the contract is complete.
Seth Seifman: Okay, okay. Great. Thanks. And then as a follow-up, Nick you mentioned open for business again for acquisitions. As you look out at the landscape, did you expect any more scrutiny on potential acquisitions with significant DoD content like a DDC or an X10?
Nick Howley: I don't, the truth of the matter is I don't know. I'm not - I think we couldn't have the normal - and I trust that. I expect that we would get the same kind of results, but it's just - frankly I just don't know. We haven't seen any indication of that yet or do we anticipate.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Will [ph] for Hunter. Going back to selling and administrative costs, what was the asset percentage of sales excluding acquisition-related cost and non-cash comp in third quarter?
Michael Lisman: Sorry. Can your repeat that?
Unidentified Analyst: So, if we think about the selling industry and if cost -- what was the asset percentage of sales if you exclude all acquisition-related costs and non-cash comp?
Michael Lisman: I think that the detail for you to run that computation would be in the Q that we released this week. So I would just point you towards that when it comes out.
Unidentified Analyst: But was it excluding that $16 million refund? Was it roughly flattish directionally? How should we think about it?
Michael Lisman: I'll point you towards the Q.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions. I'll turn the call back over no Ms. Sabol for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: That concludes our call for today. Wed like to thank you again for calling in and again look for the Q later this week. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 TransDigm Group Inc. Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference Liza Sabol, Ma'am, you may begin.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2019 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Presenting this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning and thanks for calling in. Today, as usual, I'll start off with some summary comments on our strategy  our consistent strategy. A few comments on the second quarter and year-to-date, fiscal 2019, a quick update on the Esterline deal and few other items. Kevin and Mike will then review the business performance and the outlook for fiscal year 2019. To reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have higher margins and provide relative stability in the downturns. Our longstanding goal is to give our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. We follow consistent long-term strategies specifically we own and operate aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple well-proven value based operating methodology. Third, we have very decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that is very closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit with our strategy and where we see a clear path to PE like return and lastly, our capital structure and allocation of our capital are key part of our value creation methodology. Fiscal year 2019 performance continues strong with another good quarter, quarter and year-to-date revenues, our EBITDA As Adjusted dollars and TransDigm based EBITDA margins were up nicely over the prior year. Incoming orders continue strong, especially in the commercial aftermarket and well ahead of shipments across all major market segments, all boding well for the balance of the year. As you can see, we have increased our base business guidance for the year with an anticipated increase in all major markets. The revised guidance now includes 28 weeks of contribution from the completed Esterline acquisition as well as an increase in base TransDigm revenue and EBITDA guidance. EPS for fiscal year 2019 is impacted by our capital market decision to raise $4 billion of senior secured notes in order to maintain substantial near-term financial flexibility. Kevin will expand on the quarter and full-year outlook. Our liquidity is strong assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market activity we expect to have about $3 billion of cash at the end of the fiscal year. We also expect to have over 7 million of unused revolver and some additional room under our credit agreement. We continue to actively evaluate and seek M&A opportunities. We have a decent pipeline of mostly small and midsize possibilities. Again, I cannot predict or comment on possible closings but as I said before, we are still working steadily at M&A and we're still open for business. A few comments about the Esterline transaction, we closed this transaction in mid-March. As I think you know, we paid about $4 billion for roughly $2 billion in revenue, based on the public consensus information that existed at the time, about 330 million of fiscal year 2019 EBITDA was anticipated. We estimate this as about 12 times EBITDA purchase multiple of the consensus fiscal year 2019 EBITDA. As we said before, we think Esterline has been a misunderstood company, its core aerospace and defense businesses make makeup around three quarters or more of the revenue. Its core business has proprietary content and sole source positions generally similar as a percent of revenue TransDigm. The core aftermarket also appears significant. We estimate somewhere in excess of 30% of the revenues of the core business. As you know and as we discussed with the Esterline acquisition, we use an LBO model to value businesses that generally assumes we finance about half debt and about half equity. We then assume we sell the business in five years and look to get a return on our equity of 20% or more without any significant multiple arbitrage. As you know its a practical matter, we rarely, if ever sell them after five years. If you do the math on Esterline, this solves to a target EBITDA margin in the low-to-mid-20 range or about an 8% margin expansion. We are still working out the timing on this but it likely won't all happen in the first year. We have owned these businesses for about 55 days now and we see no reason to think that we cannot meet our purchase expectation over time and we see some indications that we may well do better. In summary, so far it appears the opportunity at Esterline is at least as good. And perhaps better than we originally thought. Kevin will discuss the integration in a little more detail. We are currently actively exploring the sale of certain Esterline assets that don't fit us well with our focus. These could recover something around $1 billion of our purchase price on a pretax basis. We'll decide whether to proceed when we get a better view of the actual prices. We have the flexibility to consider the full range of capital allocation alternatives. We will defer any other 2019 decisions on capital allocation until either late in the third quarter or the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 and assess the overall business and capital market environment at that time. And lastly with respect to the IG report that I mentioned in last quarter. It was publicly posted in substantially the same form as we discussed in our last earning call to reiterate with no assertions of any wrongdoing and request for a $16 million approximate voluntary refund. As a follow-up to this, Kevin and I along with some other DoD individuals, have been asked to testify at the House Committee on Oversight and Reform in mid-May. The purpose is to discuss the report pricing and possible legislative or regulatory changes. Now let me hand this over to Kevin who will discuss both Q2 and year-to-date 2019 performance as well as the full year guidance.
Kevin Stein: Thanks Nick. Today I will review our results by key markets, then discuss the profitability of the business for the quarter, provide revised fiscal year guidance. Briefly update our org structure and finally give an update on the integration of Esterline. As you've seen, we had a strong quarter in the first half of the year including above average organic growth, Mike will provide more details on the financials for our second quarter operations, specifically revenue and EBITDA As Defined were up nicely over last quarter. Q2 GAAP revenues were up 28% versus prior year Q2 and EBITDA As Defined was up 24% over the prior year with margins at 48% of revenue. Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period of 2018. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note this market analysis excludes Esterline. We will begin to include the Esterline acquisition in our market analysis once we have validated the data as we have a different market segmentation process. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. In our commercial OEM market, Q2 revenues increased approximately 10% when compared with Q2 of fiscal year 2018, due to our year-to-date revenue growth of 11% and continued booking strength we are increasing our commercial OEM full year revenue guidance to mid-single-digits growth from our previous guidance of low-to-mid single digit growth. Please note this increased OEM guidance includes our expected impact from 737 Max groundings and shipping delays. We have done an analysis on the potential impact and conclude the Max issues should not have a material impact on our financials this year and may possibly provide upside to our commercial aftermarket in the future. A nice segue to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by just over 6% in the quarter and year-to-date, continued global revenue passenger mile growth and slower retirements of older aircraft, continue to provide a backdrop of improved market dynamics. In the quarter, commercial transport passenger growth of 9% was offset by a slowdown in the commercial transport freight submarket. Bookings coupled with our year-to-date revenue performance versus tough comps in the prior year and strong underlying fundamentals, provide us confidence in the second half of the fiscal year. We are increasing our commercial aftermarket guidance to grow high single-digits from our previous guidance of mid-to-high single digit growth. Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues was up approximately 18% over the prior year quarter. Last year we reported strong defense bookings that we are now seeing materialize into sales. However, we are expecting defense sales growth to temper in the second half of our fiscal year, following this exceptionally high first half revenue growth and gradually slowing bookings. Due to the higher-than-expected year-to-date sales growth, we are increasing our defense full year revenue guidance to grow high single-digits from our previous guidance of mid-to-high single-digit growth. Moving to profitability, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. EBITDA As Defined of about $572 million for Q2 was up 24% versus prior Q2, and this includes about $27 million for Esterline, contribution for the 17 days of ownership in the quarter. EBITDA As Defined margin in the quarter was just under 48% of revenues, this includes over 3.5 margin points of acquisition dilution from Esterline and the fiscal year 2018 acquisitions of Kirkhill, Extant and Skandia. This core margin of 51.5% excluding Esterline and other fiscal year 2018 acquisitions, improved approximately 2 points in the quarter over Q2 2018. Margin improvement progress is always important to us, it indicates that our base businesses continue to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. We continue our relentless pursuit of value generation. Turning now to 2019 guidance. We are increasing our sales and EBITDA guidance to reflect the strong first half results of our base business and to incorporate Esterline for about 6.5 months of ownership for the balance of the fiscal year. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2019 revenue guidance is now $5.44 billion, an increase of $1.25 billion, this revenue guidance is based on the revised market channel growth rate assumptions we just discussed for TransDigms base business, plus the inclusion of Esterline revenue, which reflects 6.5 months of ownership. The midpoint of fiscal year 2019 EBITDA As Defined guidance is now $2.35 billion, an increase of $255 million with an expected margin of around 43%. About 20% of this increase is related to performance at our base business with a remainder attributed to Esterline, excluding Esterline the full year margin is expected to be around 50%. We are slightly increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.05 to $16.81 per share. Mike will discuss in more detail shortly. Now before I speak about the Esterline acquisition integration, I wanted to briefly update you on our organization structure. Jorge Valladares, who has been with TransDigm for over 20 years has been promoted to TransDigms Chief Operating Officer and hes now responsible for all operations of the base TransDigm business. Jorge most recently served as our COO of our Power and Control segment. Now moving on to Esterline integration and expectations, the Esterline integration has been progressing to plan over the first 55 days of TransDigm ownership. To date, we have seen no material differences to opportunity identified in our acquisition model. As you know, we have an experienced team of TransDigm executives, both EVPs and group controllers engaged full time in this integration. They have been carved out so they have little or no day-to-day TransDigm responsibilities. The former corporate office in Bellevue, Washington has been closed. This should complete by calendar year end. We are phasing the workforce reductions in Bellevue to minimize disruptions and risks. In general, the platform organization structure has been eliminated and aligned with our TransDigm. Each of the former Esterline operating units have been assigned to a TransDigm EVP. And we have TransDigm group controllers assigned to these operating units to provide financial reporting support. We are now going through the process of reviewing the operating units and determining where value generation opportunities may exist. Again, no surprises have been seen in these early days. Culturally, we continue to press the concept of thinking and acting like an owner with the President and senior staff of the operating units. This supports the execution of our value generation concepts. So far so good for the integration. Although, we did include Esterline in our fiscal year 2019 guidance, we are not providing guidance beyond this fiscal year at this time, due to uncertainty around what businesses we may keep or sell. As nick mentioned, we are exploring the sale of certain assets that do not fit our strategic focus, but guidance for fiscal year 2019 assumes no assets sales. In summary, we are excited to have acquired Esterline and look forward to reporting our integration process to you in the future. We were also enthusiastic about the second half of our fiscal year as underlying fundamentals remain strong. With that, I will now turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Thanks, Kevin. I'll give a quick review of the financial results and the updated guidance in more detail. First for the TransDigm base business and then second for the TransDigm plus Esterline entity. And for those following along, I'm on Slide 4 in today's deck. The following sales EBITDA and EPS comparisons exclude the impact of both the 17 days of Esterline ownership that fell into the quarter and then also the new debt financing. Second quarter net sales were up 15% versus the prior year and above average organic growth of 11% drove the majority of that increase. EBITDA As Defined increased 18% from the prior year second quarter. And our adjusted EPS for the second quarter would have been $4.63 per share, which would have been an increase of 22%. Again, the $4.63 is what adjusted EPS would have been had we not purchased Esterline, so it's a theoretical number. Now switching gears and including Esterline. Esterline contributed about $121 million of revenue and $27 million of EBITDA to our Q2. This implies an EBITDA margin of 22% which is higher than average, due to the elevated shipments level that happens at quarter end. The Esterline EBITDA margin over the last six months of our fiscal 2019 is not expected to be quite this high. On cash and liquidity, we ended the quarter with just over $2.4 billion of unrestricted cash on the balance sheet. Our forecasted cash balance at year end is just under $3 billion and that excludes any more acquisition activities, sales of Esterline assets, dividends or share repurchases. During the quarter, we completed the raising and the funding of the $4 billion of senior secured notes. We raised more debt than we needed to in order to fund the deal, as we had a relatively high cash balance already. We opted to do this because the debt came at an attractive rate and it also permitted us to keep significant cash available. With the new debt raise, our net debt leverage ratio increased from what would have been 5.2 times for the base TransDigm business at second quarter end to 6.1 times for the new pro forma entity. This change to our debt and leverage levels muddies and confuses the year-over-year EPS comparisons. And the punchline is that you don't see as much EPS growth as you do EBITDA growth because of this higher debt race. How do we not elected to do the higher debt raise and increase our net leverage? The inclusion of Esterline would have had a larger positive impact on adjusted EPS growth for the year. For example, had we taken on only $2 billion of incremental debt and financed the remaining $2 billion with cash, adjusted EPS for fiscal 2019 would have been more than one full dollar higher than the midpoint of the new guidance. Now (20:22) changes to our expected tax rates for the year. These rates have increased from the prior guidance of 21% to 23% and the increase is driven by the fact that we are over the interest deduction limitation that's part of the new U.S. federal tax law. We're now estimating our full year GAAP and cash tax rates to be about 24% to 25% and adjusted rate to be about 26%. As Kevin mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $16.81 and this revised guidance for the year doesn't assume any sales of Esterline business units or Esterline EBITDA during the rest of the year. With that, I'll hand it back over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thanks Mike. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines. But first, I just want to remind all of our investors to keep your questions to two and then please re-enter yourself back into the queue to allow an opportunity for all to ask a question. Thank you.
Q - Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning everyone.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Esterline as a standalone had something in the zone of $70 million of corporate, give or take. How much of that hangs around with you?
Mike Lisman: Let me try it, you mean  I guess we'd try that a couple of ways, Noah. How much hangs around with us if you look out a year or so, very little. When it goes away is sort of a phasing, as Kevin talked about, because we don't want to disrupt things until we feel comfortable we're all backfilled. But I think almost everyone in the corporate office there  almost everyone in the corporate office there  almost everyone now has a scheduled out termination date.
Kevin Stein: Yes, thats right.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And the  it looks like the margin implied for the Esterline business in the back half of 2019 in your new guidance. And if I strip out what you said was organic and then consistent with your comments, Nick, on the (22:56) percentage points of improvement, it's something in the zone of 17%. It looks like that might actually be down year-over-year based on how you're defining it. Is it? Are you assuming that, that is kind of flat to down year-over-year?
Mike Lisman: No. I don't think it's down. I think your math is directionally accurate, but I think that that's actually up from prior year.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Yes. I guess where I'm going at that is I'm looking at the 3.19 of EBITDA that you disclosed, which would be a 15.7% margin. And I know it was a pretty back-end loaded margin, so that's why I was assuming that maybe that was down or, I guess, in the zone of flat. And while I very much appreciate that a lot of the actions you will implement here will take time, and integration takes time. I would have thought there'd be some pretty quick initial upfront cost actions, and I know you guys usually take some pricing actions pretty quickly. So I was just wondering if there's something different about this that makes some of those initial upfront actions slower?
Kevin Stein: I think not any different than other acquisitions. It always takes time for the contracts to play out before you can address any pricing or cost-reduction initiatives. It does take time. And that's what we're trying to communicate here.
Nick Howley: And I guess I might also add, Noah, that we could be  we will tend to lean on the conservative side here until we get more comfortable with the forecasting ability of all the individual operating units.
Noah Poponak: Yes. Makes sense given its size. Just one other question on it and then I'll leave it, which is you've mentioned that the opportunity set is no different than you thought initially. How does the opportunity set compare to Kirkhill? Does total Esterline have as much margin opportunity as you found in Kirkhill?
Nick Howley: Let me  Kirkhill started negative. So surely, the  I mean just to be facetious, surely the rate of change can't be as high.
Noah Poponak: Yes. Forget rate of change, but just the absolute level you took it to.
Nick Howley: I don't want to cut out one individual operating unit. I think I gave you about what our thoughts are on Esterline. And I think, hopefully, Noah, we gave you some sense that we  as we're into it a little bit, we think it's more likely a little better than a little worse than we thought.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Fair enough. I appreciate all the details you gave us on the prepared remarks. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland from Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, team.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of quick ones. One, with respect to the percent aftermarket that you had talked about for Esterline in the past, I think it was  you pinned that around 30%. Now that you've maybe gotten a bit of a better look, does that number change at all? And then within that number, how should we envision the split there between A and D?
Nick Howley: Whats A and B?
Kevin Stein: Whats A and B?
Carter Copeland: Between civil and military. Sorry.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I don't know the aftermarket split, and we haven't finalized our number. I think a 30% or a little more is probably a good number. And remember, that's the core business ex after we have either dispositioned or separated out the ones that we don't think fit as well. I would say in the split there between commercial and defense, I just don't know. But it's just  not that I'm avoiding it. I just don't know what the exact split is. But I would say, in total, the defense content is a little less than TransDigm's. Not a lot less but a little less.
Carter Copeland: Okay. Thats helpful. And then with respect to the cost structure, if you exclude out Sorio or whatever those assets are, what is  how much of that cost structure that remains is European? Is that a significant number?
Nick Howley: Do you mean how much of the businesses are European?
Carter Copeland: Yes. How much of Esterline, excluding those assets that we're talking about, when you look at how much of that cost structure is still based in Europe since that's clearly a
Nick Howley: A fair slot. There's still  I don't want to opine on who we are and aren't going to sell. But there's still  there's a fair number of businesses, and taking one out of it won't make it go away. There's still some decent-sized businesses that are in Europe that we'd, in all likelihood, hang on to.
Carter Copeland: Okay. All right, thanks for the color guys. Ill let somebody else ask.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Spingarn: Hey, good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Robert Spingarn: Nick, just on that last question. Can you give us anything about the targeted divestitures' magnitude, not necessarily separate businesses.
Nick Howley: Well, I think I did give you  I gave you a rough dollar value of  the dollar value we think we might get back. And that was about $1 billion, pre- tax, if we go ahead with everything we have in the queue. Now I don't know whether we'll go ahead with that until we see the prices. But you can figure  if it works and we like the prices and if we get somewhere around what we think, we may sell up to about $1 billion.
Mike Lisman: Thats pre-tax.
Nick Howley: Pre-tax
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then this might be for Mike, I don't know, but with regard to Esterline EBITDA trending over time, I think you said earlier, you talked about mid-20s. You talked about the fact that the latest quarter was a bit higher than it has been for shipment reasons, shipment timing. How do we think about the cadence of margin improvement at Esterline, how long it takes and what the rate of change is there? You've said in the past, you probably don't get to TransDigm heritage margins, but how do we think about this on a two, three year basis?
Mike Lisman: I think Nick gave kind of the margin ramp at the outset, and we're pretty conservative on the internal modeling assumptions we've used. So we didn't have it going up to the levels that Nick outlined in year one, as he said. It was more over several years.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Can you put any more color around that, Mike, just to refresh us and now that you've been in the business for a couple of months?
Mike Lisman: Yes. Weve got a lot of got a lot of moving parts with potential divestitures, and I don't want to commit to anything now, going out couple of years.
Nick Howley: And Rob, well give the  next year well give the guidance, When we give it, it'll be much more specific then.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just a clarify. Youve been running at 52 per month on the MAX. You haven't slowed down at all?
Kevin Stein: We have not slowed down.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: A couple of questions on the core business. First of all, defense. You had a very strong first half, and you're expecting that to slow down in the second. What do you think has caused this outsized growth in the second half? And what's changed  sorry, the first half. And what's changing in the second half of the year?
Kevin Stein: Yes. We saw strong order growth in both the OEM and aftermarket in  last year. And I think that's coming out now in our shipments. We are just seeing the orderbook slowdown in both OEM and defense. Maybe it's inventory timing. We don't know of any programs or any other slowdown. So we would normally say inventory adjustments in the supply chain for that. But the slowdown is in both OEM and aftermarket as we look at that going forward from an orderbook point of view.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then moving on to the aftermarket. I think the oil price is up about 40% or 45% year-over-year. Have you seen any of your airline customers adjusting their utilization patterns or their spares buying or anything like that based on the high oil price?
Kevin Stein: We are not seeing that we have noticed any adjustments in buying activity or patterns because of high fuel or not. We haven't seen any pattern change.
Robert Stallard: So you're still seeing the older aircraft heavily utilized, right?
Kevin Stein: Absolutely. The reports on the NG are that they've definitely ramped up usage.
Robert Stallard: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss from Barclays. Your line is now open, sir.
David Strauss: Thanks for taking the question. So I think going back to Rob's question on this, Nick, the low to mid-20% EBITDA margins that you outlined. Were you saying that that's kind of the target that you need to get to, to hit your entire rate of return? Or that's what you think is achievable over the next couple of years.
Nick Howley: Yes. That's what we use. That's what we use sort of the value of the business. It was running  and you can easily, as I'm sure you have, you can back into that easily enough. You know the assumptions we use. And the business was running somewhere around 15% EBITDA. And if you solved back through our math, you'd get to 23-ish or 22% to 24%. And that's all we're saying. And if we look at it, as I said, today, we see no reason to think that's not doable, and if anything, we feel, a little better. That's what we're saying.
David Strauss: Yes. Okay. And then the  you talked about selling potentially assets that could bring in $1 billion. How do you think about dilution there and using the cash proceeds to potentially offset the dilution from selling these assets?
Nick Howley: We really haven't decided yet. We'll sort of cross that bridge when we come to it. We have a fair amount of cash now, and this would just make even more. And we'll decide that when we get there. I don't want to start counting the chickens before they're hatched.
David Strauss: Okay. You think you can get to the multiple at which these assets are currently kind of embedded at your current multiple?
Nick Howley: I think we can, depending on the businesses. Some of them may not be the most attractive. I think we can get  when you weight it all up, I think we can get close. I doubt we can get all the way there. And by that, I'm using the multiple of the 2019 public guidance.
David Strauss: Got it. Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from Myles Walton from UBS. Your line is now open.
Myles Walton: Thanks, good morning. First one, in terms of the Esterline versus the core business, how are you seeing bookings trending there? And if you'd look organically just at Esterline as if you had owned it in both periods, what kind of growth are you implying in the new guidance that's inclusive?
Kevin Stein: I don't have any comment on the organic growth part of the guidance. I think the orderbook looks strong. It looks as good as TransDigm does right now as a base. So we're seeing strong bookings growth on the Esterline side as well.
Nick Howley: I think in the segments, Kevin, you don't feel comfortable yet, breaking them out yet, until we get a better analysis of that.
Kevin Stein: Because they used a different methodology to calculate aftermarket, and those differences are important to us to understand. We're going through that process right now.
Myles Walton: Okay. But from a standpoint of mid-single-digit, it sounds like it's growing organically about the same as TransDigm right now. Probably on the units it doesn't have the benefit yet of price, is that fair?
Kevin Stein: I think, guys, until we start reporting their metrics the same way that we do ours at TransDigm, we don't want to get crossed up on this until we get it right.
Myles Walton: Okay. All right. And Mike on the
Nick Howley: There is no reason to think  There's on reason to think  there's nothing we see that concerns us. That the
Kevin Stein: Thats right.
Nick Howley: That the business is something, flawed or
Myles Walton: Okay. And then, Mike, on the tax rate, this 26% implied for the second half. Is that  given you've tripped the line from a deductibility perspective, is that fair to use going forward on an adjusted tax rate basis?
Mike Lisman: As we delever, it should tick down a little bit just through EBITDA growth based on how the U.S. tax law works. But if you had to have something to plug into a model, I think 25%, 26% is probably fair, but hopefully, as we delever, it comes down.
Myles Walton: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Herbert from Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Ken Herbert: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Ken Herbert: Kevin, I just wanted to start off on the commercial aftermarket. And I know you've talked about this in the past, but for the base TransDigm business, the strong bookings year-to-date. Can you just remind what percent of that business you would associate as sort of book-and-ship, relative to sort of the up 20 year-to-date on bookings, relative to the sales growth and how we should think about that  how much is captured in the second half of 2019 versus what spills into 2020 and beyond?
Kevin Stein: I think we  the bulk of aftermarket business is book-and-ship. There is some of it that gets booked out in advance, but the majority of it is book-and-ship even within the quarter. So  and we gave revised guidance on the market segments that we raised to the high single digits for the commercial aftermarket. So thats what we see coming out. We have the confidence that the orderbook is in place for the second half. And possibly some of that will translate into next year, but we'll give guidance on next year when we're ready on that. It'll take a little bit of time to pull that together, especially with the complexity of Esterline. We want to make sure that we have a good handle on the data here as we're looking at it for the first time on some of the market segmentation pieces, trying to understand where it's going. Does that answer your question? Directionally at least?
Ken Herbert: Okay. Thats helpful. Yes, directionally thats very helpful. Yes, I mean I saw you raise guidance and the bookings were a key part of that. Are you getting a sense at the airlines that they are building any inventory? Or do you get a sense that there's any change just with the profitability at the airlines, that they've sort of reversed course from what may have been some destocking or do you sort of see inventory levels there steady? I guess, what are you seeing in the marketplace in terms of the airlines and their buying patterns and inventory?
Kevin Stein: The buying patterns are always perplexing. They go up and down quarter-to-quarter. We must have seen some destocking as we're seeing orders pick up again, larger than what you might have anticipated. So there must have been some out there. But I do not get reports  regular reports on airline stocking. I do see stocking levels at distribution. That is not up. That's somewhat flat. POS is up about 16% across the ranch for the TransDigm base company. So it would appear that there's been some destocking out there that we're seeing addressed in the booking levels for the aftermarket. That's about the extent of the intelligence I can provide on it.
Ken Herbert: Thats helpful. Great, Ill stop there. Thank you.
Kevin Stein: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, thank you.
Kevin Stein: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: Regarding Esterline  good morning, I was curious, on Esterline, when you look at their standalone SG&A plus R&D, as a percentage of their sales, it was just over 20%, low 20s. Is there anything structurally, now that you've owned the business, that prevents that to being  that level being closer to what TransDigm's legacy SG&A plus R&D is as a percentage of sales? Like, could it actually get down to the 12%-ish level?
Nick Howley: I think the best thing to focus on is the EBITDA percent we give you. If you start to take out the pieces of manufacturing costs versus SG&A versus R&D, the method of accounting isn't always consistent between companies. So that you can end up with getting funny answers if you start to look at them that way. I focus on EBITDA as a present of sales then you know you captured everything.
Gautam Khanna: Fair enough, I appreciate it. And then just another one, if you don't mind, on the defense side, were there any large lumpy kind of  sometimes in the past you've called out just big products in the quarter or a big order and that kind of
Nick Howley: Yes, we have pulled out large parachute orders, missile orders. Yes, you're right. I looked for those, and I could not find any onetime, large orders on the defense side. In fact, some were  yes, they just weren't there. So it was nicely spread across the business. Not a lot of big onetimes for a certain program.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you guys. So I wanted to go back to Esterline. Nick, you've been pretty clear you target a 20% IRR, which means
Nick Howley: I can't hear you very well, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Can you hear me better?
Nick Howley: Okay. But youre
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay
Nick Howley: Its very faint  faint, yeah
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I promise I'm yelling. So in terms of Esterline, you guys target 20% returns, which means 22% EBITDA margins. I mean just going back to it, and I apologize I'm parsing this apart, but you strip out the corporate from Q2 2018 EBITDA and margins are still up 700 basis points to 800 basis points year-over-year. I get it you've only owned it for 17 days. So perhaps, outside of corporate, what's really changed since you've owned this asset?
Nick Howley: Sheila, I just dont follow the math. So I don't  I can't.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I guess you only owned it for  you only owned the asset for 17 days, and margins are still up
Mike Lisman: I think, Sheila, the margin you're seeing in the 17 days of ownership was an elevated shipment towards quarter end. So you're getting  you're seeing it at higher EBITDA margin than you would over a longer time horizon because of the elevated
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Yes. So it's just the lumpiness of that and then you get
Mike Lisman: Exactly
Nick Howley: Yeah, I wouldn't use that as a base. I would use the EBITDA that it was running when we bought it, which was somewhere around 15, 15.5-ish
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. And then just on the core business with the commercial OE up pretty strongly. How do we think about transport versus business jet for the second half of the year? Thank you.
Nick Howley: I think both seem reasonably strong on the commercial OE side. So both are seeing decent sales bookings in both business jet and commercial transport.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Is there one specific platform in biz jet that's driving the, I think, 20% growth or broad based?
Nick Howley: I dont have that. I can get you that. I think its
Sheila Kahyaoglu: No worries.
Nick Howley: Its indicative of the industry as a whole. I didn't call out anything on business jet as it's kind of small. But I think we've seen strength in the large platforms on business jet, really, across the board. Somewhat surprising, I guess given the dynamics of the industry takeoff and landing cycles. So remain cautious on business jet and the platforms, but the orders are coming in.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, well, thank you.
Nick Howley: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: I wanted to touch on the base business and just the EBITDA rate  quarterly EBITDA rate for the second half of the year. It doesn't really seem like it's much improved versus what you just put up in the second quarter. And given the increase, the acceleration you're looking for in commercial aftermarket. Just wondering if you could address that and whether there's potential for upside or what might be weighing on that sequential improvement.
Nick Howley: I think we're being conservative. I think a little bit conservative there. Mike is nodding his head at me. I don't know what else to say beyond that. We raised the segment pieces. The orderbook is strong. The second half will come in. Mike, do you have anything else to add on?
Mike Lisman: Yeah, I think, Kevin hit it. It could be conservative.
Liza Sabol: And you also have bench we expect that to
Mike Lisman: Yeah, thats right. The defense  we have commented, Liza's correct. We have commented that we're expecting the defense business to moderate slightly so that'll have an impact, subtle. But so that's where we came up with the margin mix for the second half.
Seth Seifman: Sure. And then as a follow-up, Mike, did Esterline have long-term loss-making contracts? And if so, if those got stepped up in purchase accounting, how do you account for those earnings and adjustments?
Mike Lisman: Yes, under purchase price accounting rules, we have basically nine months to sort that outpost acquisition. So we're working through that stuff now.
Seth Seifman: Right, but do you anticipate adjusting it out?
Mike Lisman: We dont know yet. Were working through it.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Well, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Spingarn: Hey, guys. Can you hear me?
Nick Howley: Yes.
Robert Spingarn: Okay, just wanted to go back to the defense comments that you made earlier on the investigation, et cetera. Could you just remind us of your direct and indirect exposure or channels on the military business so that we can just have an understanding of the context for this?
Nick Howley: Yes. Our direct  our sales to the U.S. government depending on the year, run somewhere between 6% and 8% of our total revenue. And that's a combination of direct or through distributors. So let's say seven for kind of the middle ground. If you took seven, it's  I want to say it's roughly five direct and two through distributors.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thanks for the clarification.
Nick Howley: That's after the  it's about the same. Yes, it's pretty close to what it was when we did  when we talked about this a lot a year and a half ago.
Robert Spingarn: Well, and thats I brought it up because if there are going to be some changes to how maybe some of this business is conducted  and I don't know if you can elaborate on any of that. I just wanted to understand how much of the business it could impact?
Nick Howley: So you have the idea. What if any changes there are, I have no ability, Rob, to speculate on that or I think those tended to be lengthy processes
Robert Spingarn: Understood...
Mike Lisman: Yes, I think that's the key. It's a lengthy process.
Robert Spingarn: Right, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers from Great Lakes Review. Your line is now open.
Jason Rodgers: Yes, I think last quarter you mentioned some softness in the discretionary interiors market. I'm wondering if you saw the growth rebound in that market and just discuss the condition there.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, we did a little bit. Still, I would say in general the interior side is just doing okay. It's just not a glowing bright light for us, but it's doing okay. In the quarter, our transport, commercial transport submarket was  did well. I think I said 9%. Interiors, okay. Freight was the low one, though. That's what brought the composite down to 6% for the whole. And that was somewhat anticipated. We've seen the slowdown in the freight market for a little while. So it was somewhat anticipated that we would start to see things back off there.
Jason Rodgers: And is it possible to provide an estimate or a range for what you think the intangible amortization expense may be for fiscal 2019?
Mike Lisman: I think we've put a chart of our best guess in the slide deck for today. I think its Page 17. And thats subject to change due to purchase price accounting.
Jason Rodgers: Okay, thank you, got it.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up question from Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Noah Poponak: Hey, have you quantified the year-to-date bookings growth in the defense business the same way you did the over 20 in the commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket?
Mike Lisman: Yes, we havent  I think we haven't said that.
Noah Poponak: Do you have that number?
Mike Lisman: No, we havent said that. No
Nick Howley: The cat ate that one though, we can't find it.
Kevin Stein: I think we  in the quarter, we have seen bookings in the defense come down in the second quarter. And we're slightly better than flat year-over-year now. So bookings have definitely come down from where they were which was high-teens in the first quarter, now were just up a little bit, not flat up a little bit, but the order book has definitely cooled off on the defense side.
Noah Poponak: So the mid-teens organic and the first half you're clearly saying not sustainable in the back half, how should I think about high single for the year being sustainable or not beyond 2019?
Kevin Stein: Hi, sorry. No, high-single-digit organic growth for the whole business, you mean?
Noah Poponak: Yes, for the defense business.
Kevin Stein: No. Can you repeat your question?
Noah Poponak: Yes, I guess what I'm wondering is, you've had three quarters in a row here of a double digit growth rate organically in the defense business, the orders were outpacing that, they've slowed, but the end market is still a pretty supportive and it looks like multiple pieces of the end market that are more specific to your business are growing faster than the total end-market. So I'm trying to triangulate all of that into thoughts on sustainability of growing that business, high-single-digits annually beyond 2019.
Kevin Stein: I think given the order book slow down, I would think that, that would be difficult to think that that's going to continue to grow at that pace into next year. It might, but I haven't formulated next year's guidance thoughts yet. But we still have some time to see how the rest of the year comes in. The defense bookings tend to be longer term than other business segments that we have. We've talked about that in the past, that bookings can take a very long time to come out. We saw that over the last couple of years that our bookings took a longer than folks anticipated to come out. But, as I look forward, I think carrying a high-single-digit percentage growth in defense probably will be difficult going forward. But that's, I think a standard observation for the defense business. It tends to go through cycles.
Mike Lisman: I think, I would just add on the bookings. I don't think you can draw much from a quarterly booking number in the defense world. They tend to bounce all over the place, on a year-to-date basis which might be a little longer-term and might be a little more indicative. We continue to book ahead of the shipments.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Yes,
Mike Lisman: That's another way  another way to think about it.
Noah Poponak: I guess, I could see the thought process around how single, maybe isn't very long-term sustainable in the defense market, but we have a sense for what your pricing is in that market. So the units in high single would be low-to-mid single and looks like outlays are compounding much faster than that. So that was the genesis of the question. But on the cash flow, since you have in the past quantified an EBITDA in conversion, I think you even gave a number on free cash earlier in the year, any update there now with Esterline in the numbers?
Kevin Stein: I think it doesn't change much. You notice in this quarter was lower probably and the reason that is, because of the timing for the quarters, we had double tax payments and double interest payments.
Noah Poponak: Okay. So is the right interpretation of that, there is Esterline cash flow added to the year, but it's offset by kind of non-recurring things associated with bringing Esterline in, is that what you're saying?
Nick Howley: You are talking about getting to the $3 billion, is that right?
Noah Poponak: I'm just talking about the updated full-year 2019 cash flow forecast.
Kevin Stein: I'm sorry, I'm not sure I'm understanding your question, it's basically  I think if you back into it, we're expecting to generate about 600 million from the combined business in the back half of the year to get to the $3 billion cash balance at year-end.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Kevin Stein: And that's close to 50% of EBITDA for the rest of the year.
Noah Poponak: Great. It would bring that conversion sub-50 for the full year though. But it sounds like that some of the items you just mentioned in the quarter
Kevin Stein: Yes. Yes. Esterline is not going to convert as much. It doesn't change the math very much. But I think, historically, if you rack this up and gone between 46%, 47% and 50% and we don't expect that to change much going forward.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Will for Hunter. How does the deal pipeline compare relative to last quarter? You mentioned taking on more debt than needed for greater flexibility. Are you seeing more or better prospects or does this suggest some other capital deployment strategies in the back half of the year?
Mike Lisman: I'm sorry, can you repeat that question?
Unidentified Analyst: Sure. So how does the deal pipeline compared to last quarter, you mentioned taking on more debt to finance Esterline for great flexibility. Are you seeing better prospects or more prospects out there or does this suggest some other capital deployment strategies in second half of the year?
Kevin Stein: I don't know that it's substantially different, I mean, as I said, we're still open for business and more kind of things. We'll decide that as I said later in the year, we just haven't made a determination yet.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just one other one, how much the underlying TransDigm gross margins improve year-over-year if we exclude all acquisitions in the slide deck you mentioned improved by a 100 basis points excluding Esterline but that includes the other acquisitions.
Mike Lisman: I think Kevin you gave 
Kevin Stein: I gave .
Mike Lisman: 3.5%
Unidentified Analyst: I think you mentioned 200 basis points but that was EBITDA.
Liza Sabol: Yes, that's what we gave. It was EBITDA.
Kevin Stein: Yes, we gave EBITDA.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Do you have that for gross margins?
Liza Sabol: So you'll see when we file the Q, you can find more detail on the gross profit.
Kevin Stein: Which we'll file today, right?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss from Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Strauss: Thanks. Do you expect to continue to disclose Esterline separately from here?
Kevin Stein: No, no. We're going to roll it into the segmentation that we have power and control, air frame and non aerospace.
David Strauss: Okay. And then I don't know if you mentioned this or not, if you did, I apologize. Did you talk about what the aftermarket look like sequentially? I know your comparison was a little bit more difficult this quarter versus last quarter, but what did the aftermarket looked like sequentially?
Mike Lisman: It was up.
Kevin Stein: It was up.
Mike Lisman: And the bookings were up.
Kevin Stein: It was up and the booking were up.
David Strauss: Okay. Any sort of percentage basis it is up?
Kevin Stein: We don't give that.
David Strauss: Okay.
Kevin Stein: We dont give that clarity.
David Strauss: Alright, but it was up sequentially. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Liza Sabol for the remark.
Liza Sabol: That concludes our call for today. We'd like to thank you all for calling in this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude todays program, you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to your Q1 2019 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol, with Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Liza Sabol : Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2019 first quarter earnings conference call. Presenting this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next week and dial-in information can be found in this morning's press release or on our Web site at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available on our Web site or at sec.gov. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income earnings per share to those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning, and thanks for calling in. Today, I'll start off with summary concepts or comments, as usual and our consistent strategy, a few comments on the fiscal year and first quarter fiscal year, a quick update on the Esterline deal and related issues and a few comments on the status of the inspector general audit. Kevin and Mike will review the business performance for the quarter and the outlook for the year. To reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have higher margins and provide relative stability in the downturn. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation, as well as careful allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple well proven value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a very decentralized organization structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with our shareholders. Fourth, we acquired businesses that fit with our strategy and where we see a clear path to a PE like return. And lastly, our capital structure and our capital allocation are a keep part of our value creation methodology. Fiscal year '19 is off to a good start. Q1 revenues EBITDA as adjusted and EBITDA margins were up nicely over the prior year. The incoming orders were strong and well ahead of shipments across all major market segments, boding well for the balance of the year. As you can see, we have increased our guidance for the year. The revised guidance excludes any contribution from the expected Esterline acquisition. Though, we had a very nice booking quarter, one quarter does not make a trend. But if this continues, we could well increase the guidance again next quarter. Kevin will expand on both the quarter and the full-year outlook. Our liquidity is strong. We had $2.3 billion of cash at the end of fiscal year Q1. Based on our recently announced financing and assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market activity other than the Esterline transaction, we still expect to be somewhere in the range of $3 billion of cash at the end of the fiscal year. We also expect to have over $600 million of unused revolver and some additional room under our credit agreement. We continue to actively evaluate and seek M&A opportunities. We have a decent pipeline of mostly small and midsize possibilities. I can't predict or comment on possible closings, but we are still working steadily in M&A. As I said, we're open for business. A few comments about Esterline transaction status and some related issues. As I think you know, we're paying about $4 billion for roughly $2 billion in revenue. Based on the public consensus information of about $330 million of fiscal year '19 EBITDA, we estimate this is about 12 times EBITDA multiple, again I'm trying to speak consensus '19 EBITDA. With respect to regulatory clearance, that is antitrust and foreign investment approval, things are moving along well so far. In the United States, the HSR waiting period expired back in November. So we're clear to close with the FDC and the Department of Justice. All other required regulatory views are now complete with the exception of the European commission antitrust review, and the French foreign investment review. These are proceeding through smoothly, and we expect to obtain approvals in a timely manner. As a reminder, we did not need to file for regulatory approval in China. In addition, Esterline has received shareholder approval for the transaction. Overall, the process is moving along well. And at this time, we now hope to close in the March, April time frame. That is sooner than the Q4 timeframe we originally estimated. However, it's not finished yet, so there's always some uncertainty till it's concluded. As we said before, we think Esterline has been a misunderstood company; its core aero defense business make-up three quarters or more of the revenues; its core business has proprietary content and sole-source positions quite similar as a percent of revenue to TransDigm. The core aftermarket also appears significant. We estimate this at over 30% of revenue. So we have not made any final decisions on that disposition at this time, I do expect that we will be selling certain assets that don't fit well with our progress. We are still working on specifics and finding, so I don't have any more to share on this topic at this time. We have now arranged the financing for the Esterline transaction. Last week, we priced about $4 billion of secured notes with a fixed interest rate of 6.25% and a term of seven years. This is scheduled to fund on February 13th. This new financing will result in an average weighted cash interest rate on our total debt of about 5.7%. This is very close to the rate that we gave for the year with our original 2019 guidance. Additionally, we decided to refinance the $550 million of our high-yield bonds that comes due in 2020 in order to push the maturities out until 2027. Including the new debt and the hedges and followers, we will have approximately 80% of our debt fixed or hedged, and we'll remain close to that level for the next five years. I dont expect that our net leverage at close will be out of line with our recent levels. And if market conditions hold, we should still have the adequate flexibility to consider the full range of capital allocation alternatives. We will likely defer any other 2019 decisions on capital allocation until after we close the Esterline transaction and assess the overall business and capital market environment at that time. Absent any other acquisition or capital market activity, we would still de-lever about one turn a year. With respect to the Inspector General or IG audit, we and several defense Department of Defense contracting agencies, primarily the Defense Logistics Agency, known as DLA, have now received the draft report. The DLA is the largest of the buying agencies that were audited in this report. There has been no allegation of any wrongdoing or illegal. As in the past, the Department of Defense buying agencies are requesting a voluntary refund of some profits. The sum of the various individual requests appears total about $16 million. Again, this is a voluntary request and there is no assertion that this is a financial obligation of the company. The governments are good customer and like any good customer, we want to be responsive where practical. We are glad to have the IG report concluded. We understand that the report will be available to the public within a few months. Now, let me hand this over to Kevin, who will discuss both Q1 '19 performance, as well as the full year outlook.
Kevin Stein: Thanks Nick. Today, I'll review our results by key markets then discuss the profitability of the business for the quarter. And finally provide revised guidance for the fiscal year. As you've seen, we had a strong first quarter and a good start to the year. Mike will provide more details on the financials. But our first quarter operations, revenue and EBITDA as defined, were up nicely over last year. Q1 GAAP revenues were up 17% versus prior year Q1 and EBITDA as defined was up 21% over the prior year with strong margins and 49% of revenue. Bookings or incoming orders are the real story here, however, with pro forma of Q1 bookings up 20% compared to the year-ago period, a robust increase observed across all aerospace market segments. Now, we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis, compared to the prior year periods in 2018. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes-up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion to OEM and aftermarket. In our commercial OEM market, Q1 revenues have increased approximately 13% when compared with Q1 of fiscal year 2018. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make-up the majority of our commercial OEM business, were up 10% in Q1 when compared to the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were strong and outpaced sales by a wide margin. For most of 2018, we commented that the softness we were experiencing in the OEM market was a transient as our ship-set content had experienced no negative revisions. Now in Q1 of fiscal year '19, we are seeing growth across narrowbody and widebody form factors once again. As we said at the time, revenues can be lumpy due to a number of factors. Business jet helicopter OEM revenues make-up around 20% of our commercial OEM revenues. Revenues in this combined market were up over 20% compared to the same period in 2018. Bookings in this submarket outpaced sales in total with strong business jet bookings, slightly offset by some weakness in helicopter bookings. Although, business jet delivery forecasts continue to look positive for 2019, driven largely by larger cabin jets, the robust sales growth experienced this quarter is not likely sustainable. In addition, the smaller revenue helicopter market may be a slight headwind going forward. Now, moving on to our commercial aftermarket business. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by just over 6% in the quarter. Both the commercial transport and business jet helicopter aftermarket revenues were up close to the average of 6% over the prior year quarter. Bookings well outpaced sales in the quarter, and year-over-year bookings growth came in at over 20% in this important market segment. The aftermarket freight segment continues to outperform our expectations within this composite. Time will tell if this continues as the freight market fundamentals have slowed. Now, let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, was up approximately 50% of the prior year Q1. Revenue growth was well distributed across our business. For Q1 of fiscal year '19, defense aftermarket revenue growth also outpaced defense OEM growth. Total defense bookings continued the recent trends and were up significantly over prior year, and have similarly outpaced sales by a nice margin. This is a similar narrative to fiscal year '18 but we are now seeing those bookings materialize in the sales. Moving to profitability, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $487 million for Q1 was up 21% versus prior Q1. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was 49% of revenues. This includes one margin point of dilution from the fiscal year '18 acquisitions of Kirkhill, Extant and Skandia. Excluding the acquisitions, margins improved approximately 2.5 points year-over-year for the same period. Margin improvement progress is always important to us. It indicates that our base business continues to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. We are relentless in our approach to value generation. Turning now to 2019 guidance. We are modestly increasing our fiscal year 2019 full-year sales and EBITDA guidance, both by $20 million, to reflect our strong first quarter results. However, until we see more data, we are not updating the full year market assumptions at this time as the underlying fundamentals do not seem to have meaningfully changed. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2019 revenue guidance is now $4.19 billion. The revenue guidance is still based on the following market channel growth rate assumptions; we expect commercial aftermarket revenue growth of mid-to-high-single-digit percent versus prior year; commercial OEM revenue growth in the low-to-mid single-digit percent range; and defense military revenue growth of mid-to-high-single-digit percent versus prior year. The midpoint of fiscal year 2019 EBITDA as defined guidance is now $2.09 billion with an expected margin of around 50%. This includes approximately one margin point of dilution for the recent acquisitions purchased in fiscal year '18, implying our pre-fiscal year '18 core is now at about 51% margin. We are increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS $0.50 to $16.76 per share, primarily resulting from higher EBITDA guidance and slightly lower interest expense. Mike will discuss in more detail shortly. Finally, let me briefly speak to our organization structure. With the impending completion of the Esterline acquisition, the need for experienced leadership increases. To account for this, we have moved Jim Skulina, a long-term TransDigm operations executive and most recently, our interim CFO to lead the financial integration of Esterline. And additionally, added two seasoned Executive Vice Presidents, Joel Reiss and Pete Palmer to also be part of the Esterline acquisition integration team reporting to Bob Henderson. To backfill this need, we have promoted Paula Wheeler to Executive Vice President. Paula has been with TransDigm since 1995, and has served in a number of leadership roles. She was most recently President of Aero Fluid products for the past seven years. As a reminder, we promoted Roderigo Rubiono and Alex Feil in our early 2018 to build capacity and EVP ranks for expected acquisitions. As always, we continue to focus on developing a deep bench of diverse culture carriers for future succession need. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our new Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Mike Lisman: Thanks Kevin. I'll recap the financial highlights for the first quarter, and then provide some more info on the guidance update. First quarter net sales were $993 million, up 17% from the prior year. Organic sales growth for the quarter was 11.6% and the balance of the sales increase was from our three fiscal '18 acquisitions, Kirkhill, Extant, and Skandia. Our first quarter gross profit increased 18% to $564 million and was 56.8% of sales compared to 56.2% in the first quarter of the prior year. As called out on the Slide comments, we had 1.5 points of margin headwind from the new acquisitions, but still made it to over 1.5 point of gross margin improvement from the execution of our value drivers on the base business. Moving on to taxes, the year-over-year comparisons get slightly confusing here due to the one-time impact of tax reform last year. This also is the year-over-year EPS comparisons. For the first quarter, our effective GAAP income tax rate was a provision of 21.5% compared to a benefit of 63.4% in last year's first quarter. To remind you, last year our tax rates were significantly reduced due to the enactment of tax reform in the U.S., and we recorded a one-time net benefit of $147 million. There is no update to our full year effective tax rate assumptions at this time. So excluding Esterline, we're still anticipating the GAAP cash and adjusted rates to all be in the range of 21% to 23%. Moving onto EPS, I want to first point out that the decrease in both the current quarter GAAP and adjusted EPS was due to the previously mentioned enactment of tax reform. If you remove the one-time benefit of $147 million, which equates to $2.65 per share so that you can do an apples-to-apples comparison of the '18 to '19 growth rates, you'd get Q1 FY18 GAAP EPS of $1.95. The current quarter GAAP EPS of $3.05 per share then represents an increase of 56% over this prior year figure. Similarly, excluding the one-time impact of tax reform, Q1 FY18 adjusted EPS would be $2.93 per share. Our current quarter adjusted EPS of $3.85 is then up 31% over this prior year figure. Table three in this morning's press release reconciles GAAP EPS and adjusted EPS, so you can look for more detail there. Switching gears to cash and liquidity, we generated almost $330 million of cash from operating activities and ended the quarter with over $2.3 billion cash on the balance sheet. Our net-debt leverage ratio at quarter end was 5.4 times pro forma EBITDA as defined and gross leverage was 6.6 times. Excluding Esterline, we still estimate that our cash will grow steadily throughout the year to around $3 billion, and our net leverage at December 30, 2019 will be around 4.8 times our EBITDA as defined. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $15.10 and we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $16.76. The primary reasons for the increase in both GAAP and adjusted EPS were the increase in our EBITDA guidance and also lower expected interest expense. However, the increase to the GAAP EPS was partially offset by higher expected acquisition related costs related to Esterline. Excluding any new debt from the Esterline acquisition, we're now expecting net interest expense to be $725 million for the full year, a decrease from our previous expectation of $745 million. The lower expected interest expense is primarily due to a slight decline in the projected LIBOR rate for the year and higher interest income booked in Q1 compared to a conservative forecast. This $725 million completely excludes any interest expense from the $4 billion of new debt we'll be incurring to complete the Esterline acquisition. Slide 9, shows a bridge of detailing the $1.66 of adjustments between GAAP to adjusted earnings per share. In summary, Q1was a solid start to fiscal 2019. Finally, a quick organizational update. During the quarter, Sarah Wynne became our Chief Accounting Officer. Sarah has worked with TransDigm in various accounting functions for the past 15 years, both as a group controller and prior to that, the controller at Aero Fluid products. Sarah has a solid financial background, is a strong promoter of the TransDigm culture and has already settled into her new role. With that I'll turn it back over the Liza.
Liza Sabol: Thanks Mike. Before we open the lines, I'd ask you to just keep your questions to two per caller and then reinsert yourself into the queue, to allow everyone to have an opportunity to ask questions. Operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland: Just two quick ones. One, Kevin or Nick, I wondered if you could comment on what look like pretty strong quarter of performance out of Esterline. I mean, I know you've obviously have enclosed and whatnot, but just looking at that set of results and it stood out. I wondered if you might give us some color on what you, from the outside end, what you thought may have driven that and how you fill about it? And secondly, just with respect to the recent news flow around the A380 and the potential closure of that line and into that product. What you think the risks maybe? Obviously, when we close a product line, there is destocking and stuff that happens that can be somewhat abrupt. And I just wondered if you could maybe walk us through your thoughts on that?
Nick Howley: Yes, let me address the first and Kevin will take the second question. Carter, we just dont want to comment on the first quarter public filing by Esterline. I don't think it's our place to elaborate on that. Its not our place yet to elaborate on their public filing. So I'm just going to have to pass on that.
Kevin Stein: And Carter on the A380, I've read the same announcements and news. We're starting to study what if any real impact that would be. The A380 rates have come down quite a bit over the last little while, so effective in real. So the contribution in our numbers is not huge. So we need to study that more and have a better answer in the future.
Carter Copeland: Do you sense, Kevin, that there's a decent amount of inventory in the system?
Kevin Stein: I do not have a sense for that to be honest. I think that it's been held pretty closely. So I don't have better inside there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Spingarn: I wanted to talk about the margin a little bit. It was quite strong, notwithstanding, I guess, some of that dilution from acquisitions. The gross margin, I think both in the fourth quarter the fourth fiscal quarter and in this quarter, are as good as I've seen a while. Kevin, could you delve into that a little bit? And to what extent is that operating leverage, productivity, pricing, what are we looking at here?
Kevin Stein: I think we're looking at all of our value drivers coming into place. It's all of contributions, whether it's we're driving value pricing or productivity, or winning new business. So it's really everything, I can't comment that one is more successful than the other in the current quarter.
Robert Spingarn: And then just a quick one. You mentioned the higher acquisition expenses for Esterline, I guess Mike did. Is there anything specific to that?
Mike Lisman: Its banker fees and legal fees for the most part that you see written through what's in there today.
Robert Spingarn: And just higher than expected -- I mean, is that typical in what you've seen in the past, or is there anything notable?
Mike Lisman: Given the size of this acquisitions, those dollar amounts are higher than the typical there.
Nick Howley: Given the size of this acquisition, but I dont think the fees are any difference than we thought. The fees are what we thought they'd be.
Operator: Thank you. Our following question comes from Myles Walton with UBS. Your line is now open.
Myles Walton: Nick, I was wondering if you could, or Kevin, comment on the integrations required. Obviously, it sounds it get hard and/or promoted a few people to add to Bob's integration team for Esterline. And I'm them curious you have $3 billion pro forma cash on the balance sheet at year-end. Would you enter enough acquisitions to satisfy that amount, or you almost feel a little overwhelmed with Esterline integration? How do you balance the availability of your cash for versus the availability of your talent to integrate?
Nick Howley: Yes, let me say, you are right. We have a lot of cash we're building up and we borrow a lot of money to -- and we borrowed and we're maintaining that. I dont know, Myles, what we will do with that. I would say we would be reticent to take on right now an acquisition of the size of Esterline again, so we swallowed that a little bit. It would have to be a hugely compelling value for us to look at that. But the normal range of acquisitions, I would think we're fine for. And I think your follow-up questions what you're doing with all the cash and the answer to that is we'll decide after we buy. We will take a look at could we get this acquisition close, we'll see what the range of opportunities look like and we will make a decision.
Kevin Stein: I dont have much to answer. But to say that succession planning has been an important parts of this company's process for quite a long time. And we've been focused on adding talent, developing talent for quite a while. So I do not think we're tapped out organizationally on what we can take on. As Nick said, we would probably wait a little while to bite off another Esterline size acquisition if that came along today. But the general course of business flow, we continue to stay in the acquisition market and believe we're not tapped out on bandwidth. It really has a lot to do with the way we integrate businesses, and our decentralized control allows us to have more bandwidth to take on acquisitions.
Myles Walton: And just one clarification, the size of your aftermarket for defense versus OE defense at this point, is what relatively?
Kevin Stein: We dont comment on the individual pieces. Do we?
Nick Howley: They are about the same, but we dont comment on the exact match to that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard: Nick or Kevin, the big debt issuance you did last week, and one of the rating agencies downgraded your debt rating as a result of that. Is was wondering if you could comment what their beef was with this situation, whether this might have an impact on the cost of debt going forward?
Nick Howley: Mike, you might. I dont think they downgraded
Mike Lisman: I think the corporate rating remain B one B plus with negative outlook from each.
Nick Howley: And they almost always get when you're going to do a big issue and they hold the rating. They almost always give a negative outlook, which says, we're going to evaluate as we go forward. [Multiple Speakers]
Robert Stallard : And then on the defense side, you also have very good result in the first quarter, and you commented that the bookings were also strong. I was wondering if you could maybe characterize and what you think is driving that. Is it more shorter cycle demand that's coming through, which makes you a little bit reticent to raise the guidance to the year? Or is this something that's probably longer term more visible that could have like?
Kevin Stein: I think the defense aftermarket business is following to your shorter-term horizon bucket. We are seeing stronger performance there in terms of bookings growth. I think we're looking at the guidance. As I said in the prepared comments, one quarter it's hard to develop a trend from that, need to see some more data points to evaluate the market segments. Certainly, it's encouraging so far and maybe we're just being conservative.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ken Herbert with Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Ken Herbert: Either Kevin or Nick, I just wanted to see if you can provide a little more detail on the commercial aftermarket. I mean you highlighted that broadly you had very strong bookings across the business. And I think you said commercial aftermarket bookings up over 20%. But you also commented, Kevin, that you really didn't see any meaningful change, I guess across the businesses with the strength that continued here. On the commercial aftermarket, in particular, can you just remind us again how much of that business would you estimate is total book and ship? And then maybe what else would you like to see there to get a little bit more comfortable with perhaps upside to the full year guidance in terms of that market?
Kevin Stein: I think look what I would say is we're just being cautious. We're one quarter in and would like to see some more. The bookings were strong in the quarter, as we commented up 20%. I did commented maybe some of the freight fundamentals were not as strong. We've seen some, going forward, maybe that that will ease a bit in growth in the future maybe. I was just trying to provide some color for the future that it may not be as rosy as the bookings might indicate. The interiors market discretionary interiors, a little softer start to the year but that's anticipated to come back strong in the second half. So I think we feel comfortable with our mid-to-high single-digits guidance around the commercial aftermarket segment. If we continue to see strong bookings, the bulk of which are still book and ship in the quarter, then we will look to evaluate that in the future but one quarter does not a trend make yet.
Nick Howley: I think just a couple things. One, we dont need to indicate any negative view on that, just that we're always wary when the fundamental -- the underlying demand still looks good, looks about the same it did the beginning of year. We like to see more than one or two -- one data point before we change trend.
Ken Herbert: Specifically, on the freighter markets, I know 2018 was a really big year for conversions and I know some of the freight traffic seems to have been slowing on the margin. I think it probably was a pretty good year for you last year. Can you just quantify maybe how much you think that could be down this year? And I know its not a big piece of the business overall. But is that a material headwind that we should really watch that could soften? Or how should we think about freighter markets in particular?
Kevin Stein: It isnt, yes. I see the same fundamentals that you see and FTKs cooling, slowing down maybe some concerns about the macroeconomic trade environment. I don't know. So I'm just cautious there that I was -- I think we're all surprised that freight was as strong as it was in the quarter. Just commenting that that's strength may not continue. But I dont have any indication to say that it is cooling except the fundamentals of the market.
Operator: Thank you. Our following question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Strauss: So I guess Nick or Kevin, I thought with the announcement with when you announced Esterline that you were considering using some of the cash on the balance sheet. What made you decide to finance the entire deal? Was it the M&A pipeline that you see out there, was it just solely the attractiveness of the capital markets and where you could do the deal?
Nick Howley: I think David we were pretty vague about how we would finance when we announced it. I think what we said is we had a fair amount of cash. And I dont think we went much further than that. I think the credit markets looked quite good to us. And we dont have anything specific on the horizon just credit markets look good to us. It looks like they are very attractive source of capital. So we've decided to go a little bigger.
David Strauss: Kirkhill, how is that progressing?
Kevin Stein: Kirkhill continues to perform well. We've seen some improvements since ownership. We dont comment on the margins or the individual details. But we've seen gradual improvement there as we plan. So I think Nick or I, we both talked about Kirkhill was a nice lab experiment for Esterline and it continues to perform well. So we're happy with what we've got there and the way it's performing.
David Strauss: And last one the Esterline, the intangible amortization that you would expect to run through your adjusted numbers. Do you have an estimate for that at this point?
Mike Lisman: I think you probably looked at the pro forma financials that were filed with the bond documents, and it's $20 million and that could change as we work through the final accounting.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Hunter Keay: Just question or comment, I think you said OE business jet and helos, the top line growth of over 20% but you said it was hard to sustain that. But you also said bookings were up over 20%. Did I hear that correctly and can you just flush that out a little bit more please?
Nick Howley: Yes, let me read the exact quote here back, just so I'm not confusing myself. I said business jet and helicopter OEM revenues make up 20%. Revenues in this combined market were up over 20% compared to same period. Bookings in the submarket outpaced sales in total with strong business jet bookings but weaker helicopter bookings. So that's what I said that. What was the question again above
Hunter Keay: Well, I think you also noted some questions around the sustainability of that growth rate. I'm just trying to tie that to the booking commentary you gave as well?
Nick Howley: Well, we see strong bookings there largely, or they are in the business jet sector and its large-format cabins mostly, that's what we're seeing. We're seeing some slowness in orders on the helicopter side. The bookings are strong, sales are up but we do see some weakness there. Again, I'm trying to comment, provide a little color on the fundamentals of the business jet. We do see growing OEM demand, large form factor, of course. But we just look for the stability in the market and the takeoff, and landing cycles has not been robust. We're not seeing a tremendous amount of growth there, so we're cautious. And I'm just trying to highlight much like in the freight markets some caution around the future.
Hunter Keay: And then question for Mike. I'm just curious to hear your personal views on leverage, how they've evolved maybe over the course of your career before you got to TransDigm? And how your time at TransDigm has maybe evolved, your own views on balance sheet, maintenance and leverage? Thanks.
Mike Lisman: My background is in the private equity industry. So I think I am more familiar with seeing companies that operate at TransDigm site leverage ratios. And I think going forward as we've shared with you guys previously, we intend to continue to keep relatively high leverage ratios relative to the rest of our A&D peers. But I dont think my thinking or background has evolved a ton overtime it hasn't changed a ton since coming to TransDigm either.
Nick Howley: Obviously, Mike's significant background in private equity was a very attractive attribute to us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Michael Ciarmoli: Nick or Kevin, just I could understand and appreciate the conservatism, especially in some of the shorter cycle markets. But you had the real strong commercial OE growth in the current quarter. I mean, I would think just given the rate increases, the visibility there, you'd have a little bit more comfort in that market channel, maybe A380 aside. But anything that you're seeing in the OE side of the market that would give you reason for pause on the commercial side?
Kevin Stein: No, nothing is giving us pause. We are just the same concerns about raising guidance, one data point does not align make. So if it continues this way and we see future quarters, we would look to revise. But right now, yes, maybe it's just conservative but we're leaving it as is for right now.
Michael Ciarmoli: And then just on the overall revenue front. Organic growth, I know it's seems, maybe two years ago, there was speculation you guys couldnt really grow organically anymore. And here you put up one of the best organic growth rates in quite some time. Can you give any color what really drove that volume versus price? I mean, did you see volume material volume increases in all markets, or was there more price in certain markets? Any color if you could parse out that growth? Just it was such a good rate that we haven't really seen in quite some time?
Kevin Stein: I think it's important in this business to recognize that revenues can at times be lumpy. They can be really strong and unexpectedly strong at times one quarter to the next. It's a lumpy business. It has to do with managing of inventories and the supply chain and other factors. So we again want to be appropriately conservative in the way we look at this. Not seeing concerns in the future but just want to be appropriately conservative without getting ourselves ahead.
Michael Ciarmoli : Was there anything in the quarter, I mean any big chunky deliveries or positives
Kevin Stein: No, actually there werent any. On the OEM side, commercial OEM, we did see a return of wide bodies that we have seen some related softness to last year. I think I was a little surprised that the amount of narrow-body orders that came in as well. So I think orders and sales are both pointing to better wide-body of narrow-body performance.
Nick Howley: I think in the overall, the fundamental market conditions, so you might -- we thought they were a year ago. And as Kevin says, we're always careful that one data point doesnt make a line. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Nick, just one last one on Esterline, you probably going to punt on this, but I'll try and ask. Can you give us a sense of what you guys might be targeting for cost synergies? I mean, just knowing the Esterline model, knowing that you had Kirkhill as the lab experiment. I mean, do you have a ballpark synergy target just on the cost side of what you realistically think you can immediately take out of that business?
Nick Howley: I'd like the comment on it, except they snapped the ball over my head. So I can't. I think we've given you as much guidance as we can on that. We told you we expect the private equity like return based on the certain capital structure that we've given you is an assumption. And I think that's about the most specificity I can give.
Operator: Thank you. Our following question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna : I wanted to ask just if you could comment on the interiors market within the commercial aerospace aftermarket, and if you are seeing any change in trend there positive or negative?
Kevin Stein: On the discretionary interiors, that's our Schneller and Pexco business. We have seen the year begin a little slower than we have liked or than we anticipated. But the order book for the second half of the year seems to indicate that that will be a transient softness. So, we're anticipating the interiors will recover and perform well for the year.
Gautam Khanna : And Nick maybe just for you, if you could talk about what level of leverage would you actually be comfortable taking the balance sheet up to in this type of credit and economic environment for the right transaction recognizing
Nick Howley: Yes, I just dont want to comment on that. I think you've seen a number of year history of our leverage. If I was trying to figure out what we're going to do, that's probably not a bad idea to look at what the history has been and I think that's around where we feel comfortable. But I wouldn't want to comment on what we might do if the situation was right. On some interim basis, we have no plans right now. But I'm very reticent to comment on what you are doing in capital market conditions before it exists.
Gautam Khanna : I hear you. I guess what I'm asking is generally you feel pretty strong about the macro, it seems like [Multiple Speakers] about the macro and the health of the aero market and like
Nick Howley: We dont have any unique insight other than anybody else does. We see all the -- we saw all the market data and we know what our numbers look like. And we still feel pretty good, I get it that we're late in the cycle. But we try to be pretty consistent in the way we run the businesses and the way we capitalize on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Kevin and Nick, you talked about a few organizational changes and promotions just going back to Myles's questions a bit more. Can you give us how you are going to tackle this deal versus other deals just given the relative size? Any qualitative color would be helpful.
Kevin Stein: I actually dont think we're going approach it really all that different. We are going to have a focused team to work on it. We're putting some dedicated resources on it. But we're going to use the same integration playbook that we always use. And so we have some resources to apply to it, both in finance as you heard, there is obviously other folks that were able to dedicate to the Esterline integration team, senior group controllers and like that they will help round out the team. We've been I think planning for something significant for a while and putting resources in place, stretching folks, getting our EVPs ready. We have another wave of potential folks ready depending on what's needed. So the succession planning and people development as a way of business is really what we've been working on for a very long time. So I don't feel -- I'm not as concerned on the resource side. And I think we will have the people to put on the Esterline integration team to make it successful.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And then just one follow-up on commercial aftermarket. I know it could be lumpy and you guys have tough comps last year, but just looking at the passenger side of the business. It seems that have grown at about 6% rate. You look at your air traffic, it's that great. So it's growing slightly below that if you exclude price. Any color you could give what you saw in this quarter on maybe repairs versus ad-hoc or replacement business?
Kevin Stein: I dont have a lot of additional color to offer on that. It tends to come out in time. I think the repair and overhaul market has been solid for us. You're directionally correct in your passenger segments of the commercial transport, it was a strong quarter for us and we continue to see good opportunity, both on MRO, repairs, overhaul and spare parts. The outside, the look through sales for the distribution sales, the POS for them remains very strong as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. Your line is now open.
Peter Arment: Kevin, maybe just a quick one for you given all this growth that you're seeing. Are you seeing any stretch out in lead times that was in the supply chain or anything that is a watch item for you? Just given the strength that you mentioned across all your end market? Thanks.
Kevin Stein: We have seen some limited supply hiccups. Generally speaking, we tried to cover that with inventory buffers and our own work in progress to ensure that we can survive that. But we've seen some limited I don't want to say that we've seen none of that. I think it's isolated to a few areas, mostly around chemical processing, outside processing, not fundamental across the business. So we've seen a little bit of that but so far we're handling it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Your line is now open.
Jason Rodgers: What is the pro forma net leverage ratio, including Esterline?
Mike Lisman: As of 3/31, it's going to pick-up slightly to just over 6 times. But obviously that assumes no kind of cash payout or anything, just to put footnote that.
Jason Rodgers: The next question was, are you planning on providing updated guidance once the acquisition closes or are you planning on waiting this quarter?
Mike Lisman: Once the acquisition closes, we will update our guidance and assumptions.
Nick Howley: Well, I think I've said, once the acquisition closes and we feel comfortable with it. I wouldnt expect something the day after we close.
Jason Rodgers: And then finally, as far as your fiscal '19 forecast not including Esterline. What is the organic growth rate and tariff impacts you have embedded in that guidance?
Mike Lisman: We dont have any tariff impact in our guidance at all. And so far we haven't seen anything significant.
Nick Howley: And I just dont think I know what [Multiple Speakers] at the beginning of the year, all within our long-term guidance here [Multiple Speakers] we gave at the beginning of the year plus the bump.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Q - Seth Seifman: I was wondering if you could talk, you guys have always managed cost pretty tightly. Margins were very impressive in the quarter. Were there any headcount actions or specific cost actions you took in either the September or December quarter that supported the profitability in the quarter?
Kevin Stein: No, nothing other than our normal approach to driving productivity on a daily basis, daily, weekly, monthly, it's a constant process, other than our normal approach, nothing specific that we can call out. So we're always looking to drive productivity and contain costs across our businesses.
Seth Seifman: And then just a follow-up on that real quick. To what extent did you view the strong growth in commercial OE that becoming a bigger part of the mix as a headwind for profitability that needed to be overcome in the quarter to put up the margins you did? Or was that not really an issue?
Kevin Stein: That was not an issue. I did not know that ahead of time that we would have such strong OE, and you'd have to overcome that. There was no special one-timers in the quarter that helped our profitability. So yes, there was none of that commercial OE helped deliver what it did. We saw the increases on the defense side. And on the defense aftermarket side those are all contributed, including commercial OE to our profitability.
Seth Seifman: And it is still fair to think that commercial OE has fairly well below average margin?
Kevin Stein: That's right, yes. And it also takes more headcount. So there's a lot of volume there. The commercial OE side of the house, we have to watch that closely.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Rajeev Lalwani: Nick, just coming back to your comments on getting close to wrapping up the IG audit. Is there any ongoing impact associated with that? You talked about the $16 million voluntary fund, I'm assuming that's onetime in nature. So just trying to get a sense of any pricing concessions going forward, any changes is business practice that you have to assume, such that it may impact margins or revenues. I think you know what I'm getting at
Nick Howley: Yes, you're right. It would be a onetime. And we're not suggesting we concur with that, by the way just to be clear. And we dont know if any impact going forward. I'll just repeat, there is no allegations of any illegality or wrongdoing, or anything like that.
Rajeev Lalwani: And then Kevin, just maybe for you, in terms of just your dialog with the OEMs over maybe the last couple of quarters. Has there been maybe a change in tone in terms of how they are trying to work with you, specifically pushing more royalties on some of your revenues? Any color you can provide will be great?
Kevin Stein: Yes, we have not seen any change in approach from OEMs asking for anything different than the approach that we always see. Nothing new.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Liza Sabol for any closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. That concludes our all for today and we'd like to thank you all for calling in this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. Michael Lisman - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Myles Alexander Walton - UBS Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc. Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2018 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Liza, Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2018 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next week and dial-in information can be found in this morning's press release or on our website at transdigm.com. It should also be noted that our Form 10-K will be filed this Friday. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section on our website or at sec.gov. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks, everybody, for calling in. Today, as usual, I'll start with a few summary comments on our consistent strategy, then a little bit on 2018, 2019. I'll make a few comments on the Esterline deal that we recently announced. Kevin and Mike will review the business performance for 2018 and the outlook for 2019. I'd also like to point out that Mike Lisman here will be batting third today in his first big league start, so congratulate him. To reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases in the cycle. To summarize why we believe that, about 90% of our net sales were generated by proprietary products and over three-quarters of our net sales comes from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues which typically have higher margins and provide relative stability through the cycles. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Secondly, we utilize a simple, well-proven value-based operating methodology. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit our strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocation is a key part of our value creation methodology. Fiscal year 2018 was another good year for TransDigm. Revenues were up 9% and EBITDA up about 10% versus the prior year, and EBITDA margins again were solid. Fiscal year 2019 is shaping up as another good year. The growth in revenue and EBITDA As Defined are very similar to 2018. EPS will be negatively impacted by the non-repeating tax benefit and somewhat higher interest expense. In fiscal year 2018, we spent about $660 million on three acquisitions, all three are good proprietary aerospace businesses that meet our strategic and return requirements. They are performing well and currently meet our or exceed our acquisition models. Our liquidity is strong. We closed the year with about $2.1 million of cash and before closing Esterline or any other acquisitions or any other capital market activity in the next year, we'd expect to have about $3 billion in cash at fiscal year end 2019. We also have close to $600 million of undrawn revolver capacity and we have room under our credit agreement. The timing of the Esterline closure and the related financing could significantly impact the actual cash at fiscal year end 2019. As I said, we have significant cash and availability. We continue to evaluate and seek M&A opportunities. We have a decent pipeline of mostly small and midsize possibilities. I can't predict or comment on possible closings, but I can say we're still working steadily at the M&A part of our business and we're open for business. A few comments about our recent Esterline announcement. As I think you know, we are paying about $4 billion for roughly $2 billion in revenue and, based on public consensus information, approximately $330 million in fiscal year 2019 EBITDA. As we said before, we think Esterline has been a misunderstood company. Its core aerospace and defense business makes up about three-quarters or more of the revenue. This core business has proprietary content and sole source positions quite similar as a percent of revenue to TransDigm. The core aftermarket also appears significant. We estimate over 30% of the revenue. The platform positions are good and they're fresh on the Boeing and Airbus platforms, on business and regional platforms, and many military programs, including the Joint Strike Fighter. Closing could be 6 to 12 months after the signing timeframe. It could be sooner or it could be later, depending on the regulatory process which sometimes is hard to predict. It does appear now that we will not require a Chinese antitrust filing. But we have not made any decisions on asset disposition at this time. I would not be surprised if within a year or so after the acquisition closes, we will have sold some of the less aligned assets. We don't have any specifics or dollar amounts at this time. This was a competitive process, as you will see from the Esterline proxy which will soon be filed. We decided that we wanted to own this and we paid the price to win it, though at roughly 12 times the consensus EBITDA for fiscal year 2019, it is well within the range of substantial aerospace acquisitions. We see a clear path to our PE-like return. As I said before, the EBITDA ramp-up may be a little slower. We are not modeling this to get to TDG levels of EBITDA margin. This is due to a number of factors, including our hopefully conservative forecasting since in the public process we don't get as much on-the-ground detail as we might like, some contractual situations, and the level of non-U.S. employment. We do think the EPS as adjusted impact will be accretive in the first 12 months after acquisitions. Though the revenues have been flat in the last few years, assuming the market and economic conditions hold, we anticipate that a number of factors should contribute to a modestly more positive trend going forward. These include: the stabilization of the wide-body market and Esterline's strong positions on new wide-body platforms, the business jet and regional markets where they have good positions appear to be improving, certain significant defense program declines seem to have bottomed out, and when combined with good, solid content on the Joint Strike Fighter, the trend here looks encouraging. And lastly, the oil and gas markets seem to have bottomed out. We have a good, experienced team already started on the integration planning and discussions with Esterline. This is headed by Bob Henderson, our Vice Chairman, a long-time senior executive with TransDigm. We have committed financing of $3.7 billion which is close to the full purchase price. Depending on the timing of the closing, exactly how much of this $3.7 billion financing commitment we will use versus the roughly $3 billion in cash we may have at that time, we still have to be determined and we'll decide as we get closer. In any event, I do not expect that our net leverage at close will be out of line with our recent levels. Absent any other acquisitions or capital market activities, we should still delever about one turn a year thereafter. Now let me hand this over to Kevin who will discuss both the 2018 performance as well as 2019 guidance.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. As you have seen, we had a strong fourth quarter to end another good year. Mike will provide more details on the financials, but our fourth quarter and year-to-date operations, revenue and EBITDA As Defined were up nicely over last year. Q4 GAAP revenues were up 14% versus prior year Q4 and up 9% versus prior year-to-date. EBITDA As Defined margin ran close to 50% of revenue in both periods. Now let's review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2018. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note this analysis excludes the recent acquisition of Kirkhill, which will be included going forward in 2019 for comparison purposes. In the commercial aftermarket, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. In our commercial OEM market, Q4 revenues increased approximately 6% when compared with Q4 of fiscal year 2017 and were up 1% for the full year. Commercial transport OEM revenues which make up the majority of our commercial OEM business were up slightly in Q4 when compared to the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were encouraging and make us cautiously optimistic. Hopefully we will have turned the corner and the softness we have experienced this year in the commercial OEM space primarily due to wide-body weakness is behind us. As we have previously stated, commercial transport OEM sales can fluctuate from time to time, but at its core, our shipset content remains robust so any softness is simply timing related. Business jet and helicopter OEM revenues make up around 20% of our commercial OEM revenues. In total, year-to-date revenues in this market grew in the mid-teens percentage range compared to the same period in 2017. Year-to-date bookings versus shipments were up in a similar percentage range as revenue growth. We were happy to see growth driven from both the business jet and helicopter segments as both markets picked up nicely in the second half of our fiscal year. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 6% in the quarter and brought the full year to 9% growth. In total, 9% growth for the full year was at the high-end of our original expectations. It is important to remember the aftermarket can be lumpy. As we have previously communicated, we think we ran a little hot in the first half of our fiscal year thus driving the second half to be a little lighter. Commercial transport aftermarket, which makes up about 85% of our total commercial aftermarket, revenues in the quarter were up approximately 5% over the prior quarter and full year revenues grew 9%. Finally, for the business jet/helicopter aftermarket which accounts for the final 15% of revenue in our total commercial aftermarket, year-to-date sales growth was up in the low-teens percentage range. This end market performed better than we originally anticipated after an extended period of softness. In total, our commercial aftermarket performed better than our original expectations. Last November, we also provided guidance for the aftermarket submarkets which make up our commercial aftermarket business. Here in fiscal year 2018 we saw our commercial transport passenger segment come in line with guidance and freight, discretionary interiors, and business jet/helo all perform ahead of expectations. Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues was up approximately 12% over the prior year Q4 and up 5% for the full year. Once again, strong defense aftermarket revenue growth was slightly tempered by slower defense OEM shipments, although OEM revenue was strong in the quarter, and sequentially up. Total defense bookings continue to be up nicely over prior year and have similarly outpaced sales. This expansion is characterized by modest OEM bookings growth and stronger aftermarket bookings performance. Full year total defense market sales and bookings are well distributed and appear to be coming from most businesses that support defense-related platforms. We believe we started to see some of the strong defense bookings materialize into sales this quarter. However, defense orders can be booked as far out as two years, so the timing of related shipments can be difficult to predict as actual shipment dates can be delayed based upon a number of factors. Now moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. EBITDA As Defined of about $525 million for Q4 was up 14% versus prior Q4 and $1.88 billion or up 10% on a year-to-date basis. Full year 2018 EBITDA As Defined margin was 49.2% of revenues. This includes over half a margin point of dilution from the recent acquisitions of Kirkhill, Extant, and Skandia. Excluding these acquisitions, margins improved almost 1 percentage point year-over-year for the same period. Margin improvement progress is always important to us and indicates that our base business continues to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. Now turning to our 2019 guidance also found on slide 6 in the presentation. In general, continued robust global revenue passenger mile growth, a generally positive economic environment, and favorable defense conditions seem to provide a backdrop of accommodating market conditions. Certainly, global trade dynamics, fuel inflation, or other exogenous events could have a negative impact on market conditions for TransDigm. We will watch this situation closely as we always do and will react as necessary. Based on this, and assuming no acquisitions in fiscal year 2019, our initial guidance is as follows. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2019 revenue guidance is $4.17 billion or up approximately 9.5%. Organic growth is estimated at approximately 6%. As in the past years, with roughly 10% less working days, fiscal year 2019 Q1 revenues, EBITDA and EBITDA margin are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters of fiscal year 2018, roughly in proportion to lower working days. This revenue guidance is based on the following market channel growth rate assumptions. We expect commercial aftermarket revenue growth of mid-to high-single-digit percent versus prior year. Commercial OEM revenues growth in the low- to mid-single-digit percent range. And defense military revenue growth of mid- to high-single-digit percent versus prior year. The midpoints of fiscal year 2018 EBITDA As Defined guidance  I'm sorry, 2019  is $2.07 billion with an expected margin of 49.7%. This includes approximately one margin point dilution for the recent acquisitions purchased in fiscal year 2018. Again, we anticipate EBITDA margin will move up throughout the year as we have seen in previous years with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4. The midpoint of adjusted EPS is anticipated to be $16.26, and Mike will discuss this in more detail shortly. So let me conclude by stating fiscal 2018 was another good year for TransDigm. We look forward to 2019 and expect that our strict focus on consistent strategy will continue to provide the value creation you have come to expect from us. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our new Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Michael Lisman - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. I'll recap the financial highlights for the fourth quarter, the full year, and then also our 2019 guidance. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.05 billion, up about 14% from the prior year. Organic sales were up 7.7%. The balance of the sales increase came from the three acquisitions that Kevin discussed. Gross profit margin of 56.9% was strong despite the dilutive impact from acquisition mix and higher acquisition related costs. Our GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $4.14 per share in the current quarter compared to $2.21 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS for the quarter rose 28% to $4.44 per share. Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter include $0.69 of favorable impact from the enactment of tax reform. Excluding the favorable tax impact, current earnings per share of $3.75 would be an increase of 8% over the prior year. Since this is our fiscal year end, let me take a minute to quickly summarize some significant financial items for the 2018 fiscal year. Net sales increased 9% to end the year at $3.8 billion in total revenue. Organic sales were up 5.5%. Reported gross profit increased 10% to $2.18 billion and was 57.1% of sales compared to 56.6% in the prior year. As called out on the slide comments, we netted to one-half point of gross margin improvement for the year, despite approximately one full point of margin dilution from acquisition related impacts. Interest expense increased by approximately $60 million, up 10% versus the prior year. During the year, we added $1.2 billion of incremental debt, $700 million of term loans and $500 million of subnotes and the higher interest expense reflects this new debt. Our weighted average cash interest expense was 5.1% and the average LIBOR rate for the period was approximately 1.8%. Next, I'd like to quickly clarify some tax matters that Nick mentioned at the outset, specifically our lower tax rate for FY 2018 and then the go forward rate for FY 2019. As you know, the U.S. enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December of 2017. The shift onto this new tax regime significantly reduced our expected effective tax rate for fiscal 2018. Our full year 2018 GAAP effective rate was 2.4% compared to 24.9% in fiscal 2017. We do not expect the low 2.4% GAAP effective rate for 2018 to carry into the future. One-time low rate is primarily the result of remeasuring the U.S. deferred tax liability on our balance sheet to reflect the new U.S. corporate tax rate of 21% from the old rate of 35%. For those who want more detail, the remeasurement of this U.S. deferred tax balance led to a $176 million benefit and then it was slightly offset by $30 million expense on deemed repatriated earnings of our non-U.S. subs. For fiscal 2018, cash taxes came in at $129 million or a cash tax rate of about 13%. Adjusted EPS was $17.83 per share this year which is up 44% from $12.38 in 2017. Excluding the impact from tax reform of $4.48, the current year adjusted EPS is $13.35, which is up about 8% over last year. As we look forward to FY 2019, we estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be about $14.90, as Kevin mentioned previously. And we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $16.26. One critical point on the FY 2018 and 2019 EPS midpoint comparison that I want to make crystal clear for everyone and overemphasize a bit. The decrease at the midpoint of GAAP EPS from FY 2018 to 2019 is due to the enactment of tax reform and prior year FY 2018. Just like we did on the 2017 to 2018 comparisons we can remove these one-time benefits so that you can do an apples-to-apples comparison of 2018 to 2019. Doing so gets you to 2018 GAAP EPS of about $13.65 if you exclude the one-time tax impact of $146 million or $2.63 per share. The midpoint of our FY 2019 GAAP EPS of $14.90 would then be a 9.2% increase over this prior year figure of $13.65. Tax reform is having a similar impact on adjusted EPS growth and if you exclude the one-time tax impact of tax reform, 2018 adjusted EPS would be $15.20. The midpoint of FY 2019 of $16.26 would then be 7% higher than this FY 2018 figure after adjusting for the one-time tax reform impact. Moving to the 2019 outlook, here are some additional details on some of our 2019 assumptions. D&A expense is expected to be approximately $144 million compared to $130 million in FY 2018. Interest expense is expected to be about $745 million in FY 2019. This includes both cash interest plus approximately $27 million of amortization of debt issuance costs and fees. We used an average LIBOR rate of 2.75% for the full year which yields a weighted average cash interest rate of about 5.55%. This is based on current consensus rate expectations going forward which, as you know, could be wrong so we also put in interest rate sensitivity in the appendix for today's deck. The punch line of the sensitivity is that for each full quarter point increase above the 2.75% expected average LIBOR rate results in about $8 million to $9 million of additional interest expense. Further, on the interest expense forecasting topic, we've noticed that several analyst models and EPS estimates have us paying down debt over the course of the coming fiscal year and into the future. As we mentioned previously on prior calls, this is unlikely. For fiscal 2019, our GAAP cash and adjusted tax rates are all anticipated to be in the range of 21% to 23%. We expect our weighted average shares outstanding will increase to 56.25 million shares from 55.6 million shares in FY 2018 assuming no buybacks occur during the year. The increase is due to employee stock options that are vested at the end of FY 2018. As of our 2018 year end, our net leverage ratio, so net debt to pro forma EBITDA As Defined, was 5.8 times and gross leverage was 6.9 times. We have ample liquidity with over $2 billion on the balance sheet and access to almost all of our $600 million revolver. For our 2019 fiscal year, excluding Esterline and assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market activities, we expect to have about $3 billion of cash on hand at year end. This includes an estimate for CapEx of approximately 2% of sales. We estimate our net leverage will be around 4.8 times EBITDA As Defined at September 30, 2019, excluding Esterline. And this implies, as Nick said, that we'll delever by about a full turn during the course of the year. Lastly, a quick note regarding the implementation of revenue recognition standards under ASC 606. This change is having an impact on some of our peers in the A&D industry, so we wanted to touch on it briefly. We've completed an evaluation of this rule change and don't anticipate any material impact on TransDigm's financials at this time. With that, in closing, we expect our fiscal 2019 be a good year for TransDigm, and I'll turn it back over to Liza.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks. Before we open the lines, we'd like to ask you to limit your questions to two per caller and then reinsert yourself into the queue if you have additional questions left. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Myles Walton with UBS. Your line is now open.
Myles Alexander Walton - UBS: Thanks. Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Myles Alexander Walton - UBS: Hey, was wondering, maybe, Mike, to start off on the interest, is there interest income that's embedded in that assumption of $745 million? You're carrying an unusually large or presumably carrying an unusually large balance of cash through the course of the year.
Michael Lisman - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right. We have embedded a small amount of interest income in that calculation.
Myles Alexander Walton - UBS: Okay. And, Nick, how should we think about your capital deployment strategy over the next 6 to 12 months as Esterline's going through the system. It's obviously a big deal out there in the horizon. Should we anticipate you doing relatively de minimis capital deployment over that period of time?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I don't want to answer for the next 6 to 12 months because I don't know what's going to develop there. I would say for the next few months, we still have a reasonably active M&A process. We still see a fair amount of deals, mostly small to medium. I think we'll just evaluate this as the year goes on. I mean, we're  because we also are going to have to decide how much of the $3.7 million committed financing to draw and how much of our cash to use, and I think we'll let the clock run a little bit before we make those calls. But as you know, if we decide we have extra cash, we're not going to sit on it very long.
Myles Alexander Walton - UBS: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks. I'll leave it at two.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So, Mike, with the figures you just gave us, it looks like adjusted EBITDA 2019 growth is around 10%, if I have that right. And I wanted to get a sense  I don't know if this is for you or for Nick  how you think Esterline maps against that on a longer term basis?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I think we don't own this yet, Rob, and I think we're not going to make a forecast there. I think you know what the 2018 numbers are. I think we told you, you have a rough idea what we're paying and a rough idea of how we're going to finance it and you know that we look for a PE-like return so you can sort of solve back into something there. I will say probably ramps up a little slower than we might see in other situations.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then just a separate question then, Nick, on the portfolio. There's been a lot of defense awards. Your numbers were quite strong here in the quarter on defense. So, first, if you could touch just again on the volatility in that number and the strength of the back end of the year, is that timing? And then on some of these new awards, I'm speaking about the trainer, the new helicopter, the MQ-25, how does TransDigm look positioned on those various programs? And again, on Esterline, if you can, how are they positioned?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Nick, you want to take the -
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'll take the Esterline ones. I think this has been  I know it has. They've said publicly. The trainer, they have a pretty good position on that. The Joint Strike Fighter, they have a pretty good position. I don't know the answer on the other ones. So I can't answer it.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Kevin, I should have asked you as well.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. And the TransDigm, why don't you take the TransDigm question, the volatility and the (30:44).
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, for TransDigm, I think we are involved in the helicopter replacement programs for military, for commercial, the trainer programs around the world, we're involved in these. I can't comment on how significantly one way or the other, but we are involved. We continue to focus on this segment and continue to try to win more than our fair share.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Hey, good morning, Nick and Kevin, and welcome, Mike.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael Lisman - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Two quick ones from me. Kevin, on the comments around the defense strength, I'm not sure if you can answer this, but do you have any insight or color on whether or not those are spares being used or if that you're seeing inventory stocks kind of build back up? I don't know if you can tell by where you ship or what the orders look like, if you're seeing any of a restocking impact there. And the second one I just sort of wondered if you had any tariff impacts to speak of on any of the subcomponent purchases you guys do for any of the businesses. Thanks.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So first off, I'll comment on the tariff piece. We've looked at this across the ranch and we really haven't seen anything material as of yet on tariffs, imports, and quite frankly, we don't have anything material included in our fiscal year 2019 plan as we go forward. So on the tariff side of it, I think we have that covered today. What was the first question, again? Can you repeat that?
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Are you seeing, in the military strength, can you tease out of the numbers that there's any sort of inventory restocking there?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I cannot. I would assume there's something going on there, but it's just an assumption. I can't tell by locations. We are seeing strength in defense aftermarket as I commented on and some movement on the defense OEM side, but certainly more growth on aftermarket. But where it's actually going, is it going on a shelf, is it being placed for inventory for usage later, is it going to repairs today? I can't really comment. I don't know.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Yeah, I get it. It's a tough characterization. I just wanted to see if you had any insight. But no problem. Thanks for the color, as always.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys. Good morning. I was wondering if you could give us any sort of in the weeds color on the commercial aftermarket, maybe by geography or  I know you gave it to us by biz jet versus commercial aero, anything you can give  distribution versus direct to airline MRO or any differences by region that you've noticed, any potential slowdown in China makes that... (34:17).
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't look at commercial aftermarket by region as a first slice. We gave the submarkets and the pieces that make up the commercial aftermarket. I know that there's concern about a slowdown in the second half there. I think we ran  as we stated, we ran pretty hot in the first half. We were happy that, as the year closed out, we ran ahead of our initial guidance of mid-single-digits and ended up high-single-digits. Beyond that, I don't know what else to offer except across the ranch, we're booking okay in the aftermarket segment, so we are still optimistic as we look forward.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And as my follow-up, I was wondering if you could give us sort of an early read postmortem on the Kirkhill integration. And I know that was part of the reason you had confidence in the ESL acquisition. So if you could talk about some of the improvements you guys have brought to Kirkhill since you've owned it.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Our focus at Kirkhill has been operational in improving on-time delivery and customer satisfaction. So that's been our overwhelming focus with the business. We have seen head count come down. We have seen improvement in the business. We don't get into the specifics of that but to say that we've been encouraged and it's performing well against our acquisition model and did keep us or make us more interested in the Esterline move that we made. So beyond that, I think that's all I can comment on.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Kevin, you mentioned a couple of risks to your aftermarket forecast for 2019, FX and oil specifically. Have you seen these issues having any impact on your airline customer and, say, their utilization of older aircraft as yet?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. In fact, you've seen from the numbers that retirements are down. So I haven't seen that. I'm just commenting that these things could creep in in the future and have an impact. But as of yet, tariffs, nothing material. Fuel, cost increases at airlines haven't seen any anything material in changes to performance or behavior.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then on another topic, on the Esterline, proposed Esterline acquisition, have you had any public feedback from your customers as to what they think of this deal?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's going through the regulatory process, and I just don't want to comment on that. We have reached out and talked to all our customers and, by and large, what we get back is positive. But it's going through a process.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: All right. Thanks (37:38).
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, and good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Just wanted to touch on the aftermarket forecast for 2019 and kind of the level of confidence you have versus the past. It seemed like last year you tried to take a little more conservative tack and this year certainly we see underlying strength in the end market, but right now, it looks like organic aftermarket is running kind of mid-single-digit on mid-single-digit comps and then we go into the first half and we've got kind of  it seems like we should be accelerating on higher comps. And so, I guess, do you have visibility into the first half that allows you to see that, or should we expect the growth rate to be second half weighted?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Obviously, we gave guidance that said we would be in the mid- to high-single-digits for commercial aftermarket. We have confidence in that because that's what our teams roll up to us. We do a bottoms-up roll-up for the planning process and see how that fits into the different market segments. So I have the confidence that my teams believe this as well as that's what we see in our order book going forward. So I think we're confident, otherwise we wouldn't have put it out there and that's what our teams believe we will see in the coming year. And I would say teams are generally directionally correct. Things may move one bucket to another, but we have a track record, I think, internally of hitting what we say we're going to do. So I have the confidence in the teams and that's where it comes from that we come with a mid- to high-single-digit guidance around commercial aftermarket growth for 2019.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And then the follow-up, just following up on some of Rob's last question, OEMs have been fairly vocal in the past about the contractual remedies they have to move work in the case of acquisitions. Are you taking some of that into account as you do your forecast for Esterline?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You mean the people pull work away (40:00)?
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, exactly.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We wouldn't expect that to happen. It's never predict the future, but we wouldn't expect that to happen. And there weren't any consents required to close this either.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I wanted  hey, guys. We can come pretty close to backing into it, but I guess I just want to ask about the implied free cash flow growth in 2019. Are you looking roughly in line with the 10% adjusted EBITDA growth, given that free cash flow grew well ahead of adjusted EBITDA in 2018?
Michael Lisman - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think on the free cash flow forecast for the year, we hope we're being slightly conservative as we were last year. But as we said in the comments, we hope to generate about $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet during the course of the year.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So roughly, Mike, right around $1 billion in free cash flow?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right.
Michael Lisman - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. And then on Esterline, just to try and put a little bit of finer point on that. I think Rob had asked about the adjusted EBITDA or the EBITDA growth you're expecting. When you model these things, I think, Nick, you've talked about growing, you modeled  typically model to hit your IRR, EBITDA doubling over a five-year period. Is that roughly what you're looking at here for Esterline?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I think there's a couple  one, as you know, David, I don't want to comment on that. I probably said as much as I can say. And it also wouldn't surprise me if we had some asset dispositions along the way, so it's not as straight a shot and I think that's about as much as I can say. We feel, for the price we pay, you can pretty well sort of assign a typical kind of leverage we use to it to get the equity, solve it back with a constant  without any arbitrage and get an EBITDA that solves you back to a PE kind of return and I think you get a pretty good idea what that is.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, yeah, just somewhere in the 20%-plus kind of IRR range? That's what you're looking for?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: About as much as I want to talk about.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thought I would try. All right. Thanks, guys.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You can do the math.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, I've done the math. It looks pretty good. Thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right, David, I think you know the answer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, guys and thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Nick, just to elaborate on Seth's question a little bit more, you mentioned contractual situations in your prepared remarks and level of U.S. employment. I was wondering if you could expand upon those, if at all.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sheila, I lost you in the middle. I couldn't get you.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. You kind of faded out, Sheila.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: I always fade out on these calls, and I'm yelling, trust me. You mentioned contractual situations and U.S. employment in your prepared remarks. Can you just elaborate on that?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I'll take them in inverse order. There's a fairly high percent of non-U.S. employment and our view is that's probably going to be a little tougher to get the productivity out of than typically in the U.S. businesses. So that tends to make us pretty conservative on that. Hopefully we're quite conservative, time will tell. On the contracts, there is some number of, what I call, TINA contracts, that's government price controlled contracts or price controlled. And though not a terrible high amount of them but there's also some LTAs in there with different customers that are less attractive than we'd like to see and we just got to live with them. They'll burn off, but it might be four, five years before they do.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Understood. That's helpful. And then, Kevin, if I may. You mentioned helicopter and biz jet OE, I think, were up mid-teens. If it's 20% of the commercial OE business, kind of how do you  it implies that the transport or commercial OE business was down slightly in the year. Kind of what improves in 2019 in your assumptions and how sustainable is the helicopter and biz jet strength?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, good question. I look at the market segment the same way you do. We have strong bookings as we look out into the future on the OEM side and we had strong booking growth. But I, as well as you, am cautious about business jet and helicopter because I think some of the fundamentals are still not yet as strong. But I will ship the orders as they come in but I don't have any more guidance beyond it. We have a decent order book going into next year and that's the guidance we've given on the helicopter, biz jet. But again, market fundamentals don't seem like they're so much better. Do you get what I mean there? I mean we're not seeing taking off and landings cycles in biz jet really growing. It seems to have stalled out at 1% growth a year. Yeah, it's growing but it's not as exciting. So as I look forward, we have confidence in the 2019, but it wouldn't surprise me if some things move around there.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions here.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Maybe Kevin, just  good morning  just to stay on the commercial OE, if I'm looking at the outlook for next year, low- to mid-single-digits, you've got a lot of rate increases on the narrow-bodies, the 787, the 350, some of the pressure on the wide-body debate. And obviously you just talked maybe fundamentals aren't as strong as you think on helicopters and biz jet. I would have thought the growth rate would have been higher with some of those larger platforms, not seeing as many declines and the narrows ramping. Is it more just conservatism on the biz jet and helicopters, or was there a lot of product in the channel for the rest of the commercial OE transport side?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we hope we're conservative in our guidance here. I don't have anything additional on the split. We saw some commercial transport OEM growth in commercial transport sector. We saw some growth when you factor out biz jet helicopter on OEM. So the second half of the year, it started to pick up on the bookings side on OEM. I think we're comfortable with low- to mid-single-digit percentage up. And if the wide-bodies continue to turn around, we might prove to be conservative here. Again, our shipset consent has not changed. We're still continuing to expand our shipset content as we go through the years. So we've not seen any departure here, so it has to be timing related. And it will come out as the orders come to us. I don't have any additional visibility than you have except to say that in the second half of the year our bookings on commercial transport OEM picked up quite a bit in the second half of the year.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Does that answer your question?
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That does. That's helpful. And then maybe just a follow-up to where David was going on Esterline. If we look at that EBITDA that they have, $330 million, as you guys sit here today it sounds like you've got a lot of the lessons learned from Kirkhill. Does more of the EBITDA growth come from cost cutting and productivity, or is there an equal opportunity on pricing and maybe expanding their positions in the marketplace?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, a couple things. One, the $330 million by the way just to be clear, that's the consensus, that's the public consensus 2019...
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...EBITDA, that's not what we're endorsing or not endorsing. I would say the improvement comes from the whole cross-section of activities we understand when we buy a business. I think I told you a little bit in the prepared script why, even though they've been flat for the last three years, we think the next few years just on a sort of an organic basis looks a little better. I think I gave you the reasons why we think that. I think the other aspects, some comes from the things we always do. We're a little  in all parts of that, I'm hopeful we're conservative. I'll say again, in a public buy, you don't get as much detailed diligence as you do in a private buy, and that tends to make you more conservative in your assumptions.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much, Nick. Thanks, guys.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Liza for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you all for calling in to our call this morning, and we'd like to remind you one more time to please look for our 10-K to be filed on Friday.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Unverified Participant Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc. Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc. Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 TransDigm Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call will be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Liza Sabol, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2018 third quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Senior Vice President of Finance, Jim Skulina. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks and replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. It should also be noted that our Form 10-Q will be filed tomorrow and will also be found on our website. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that the statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC found through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks to everybody for calling in today. Today I'll start off with a brief overview of our recent organization announcements, some summary and comments on our consistent strategy, a quick overview summary of the third quarter and fiscal year 2018. Kevin will review the business performance for the quarter and the year; and Jim will then run through the financials. As you may have seen, we recently announced three significant organization changes. Mike Lisman has been elected by the board to be our new Chief Financial Officer. Mike brings a very attractive set of skills and experience to the new job. His experience in private equity and investment banking provides a key element to our new management team. Mike has worked with us for about three years in both operations and M&A roles. He knows the company and culture well. Interestingly, Mike has a degree in aerospace engineering. So like Kevin, Bernie, Jorge, and I can help with engineering work in a pinch. That's a joke by the way.
Unverified Participant: Yeah. I hope so.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not that he has a degree, but he can help. Mike is a good cultural fit and a great candidate. Kevin and I both believe he's going to do a fine job. Bernie Iversen will continue to report to me and remains Executive Vice President of Merger & Acquisition. Jim Skulina has agreed to continue as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer for a six to 12-month period to assist Mike in the transition. Jorge Valladares has been elected by the Board of Directors as the Chief Operating Officer of our Power Systems segment. Jorge came to TransDigm almost right out of college and has been with the company in a broad range of operating positions for about 20 years. Jorge is a proven executive and an outstanding cultural fit. Kevin will expand on this a little. Now to reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize why we believe that, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products. Over three-quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability in the downturns. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. To do that, we follow a consistent long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple well-proven value-based operating methodology. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that very closely aligns our management with the shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit our strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and allocation as a key part of our value creation methodology. As you know, we regularly review our choices for capital allocation. We basically have four. And our priorities are typically as follows: One, invest in our existing business; two, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy and return requirements. These are almost always our first choices. Our third is to give extra money back to the shareholders either through a special dividend or a stock buyback. And our last priority is to pay off the debt. Given the low cost of debt, this is still likely our last choice in the current capital market conditions. Depending on the specific business and capital market, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in a manner we think has the best chance to maximize the return to our shareholders. So far in fiscal year 2018, we have spent about $660 million on acquisitions. In March of fiscal year 2018, we announced two acquisitions, Kirkhill and Extant, for about $575 million. They both fit our strategy well. In July, we announced the acquisition of Skandia for about $84 million. All these deals meet our PE-like return requirements. We continue active in M&A with a pretty good pipeline. But as usual, I cannot predict or comment on possible closings or any specific business situations. We'll continue to look at our options for capital allocation. The credit market remains strong and reasonably accommodating. Our fiscal year ends on September 30. We'll see where things stand after the start of our new fiscal year and likely make some decisions on capital allocation during the first quarter of our next fiscal year. Our liquidity is strong. We had $1.85 billion of cash at the end of Q3, and absent any additional acquisitions beyond Skandia or other capital market activities, we expect to have about $2 billion in cash at 9/30/2018. We also have roughly $600 million of undrawn revolver and room under our credit agreement. Our Q3 and year-to-date operations; that is, revenue, EBITDA As Adjusted and EPS as adjusted were strong and up nicely over last year. Commercial aftermarket revenues are encouraging. On a year-to-date basis, they're up about 11% versus the prior year. As we told you, the first half seemed to be running a bit hot to us. The rate of growth slowed down a little in Q3, but the underlying drivers still look good. Year after year, defense bookings are also up nicely. Based on the year-to-date results, we've adjusted our revenue and EBITDA As Defined guidance midpoint up a bit. This primarily reflects improved operating performance of our businesses. In summary, fiscal year 2018 looks like a good year. I'm confident, though, with our consistent value-focused strategy and strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our shareholders. And now, let me hand this over to Kevin who will discuss in more color and detail for both the quarter and the year-to-date performance as well as expand on the year-to-date guidance. Kevin?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick, and thanks for joining the call this morning. As you've seen, we had a strong third quarter. Jim will provide more details on the financials, but our third quarter and year-to-date operations in revenue and EBITDA As Defined were up nicely over last year and ran a little ahead of our expectations. Q3 GAAP revenues were up 9% versus prior-year Q3 and up 7% versus prior year-to-date. EBITDA As Defined margin ran close to 50% of revenue in both periods. Now let's review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide some commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2017. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note, this analysis excludes the recent acquisitions of Kirkhill and Skandia. In the commercial markets, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. In our commercial OEM market, Q3 revenues increased approximately 1% when compared with Q3 of fiscal year 2017. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up the majority of our commercial OEM business, were down slightly in Q3 when compared to the prior year period. As was the case last quarter, the vast majority of this (00:10:39) softness is attributed to weakness in the wide-body market and the impact these reductions or delays have on the extended supply chain. As was the case in previous quarters, commercial transport OEM sales can fluctuate from time to time, but at its core, our shipset content remains robust, so any softness is simply timing related. Business jet and helicopter OEM revenues make up about 15% of our commercial OEM revenues. In total, year-to-date revenues in this market grew in the low-teens percentage range compared to the same period in 2017. Growth was driven by strength in both business jet and helicopter segments, with the helicopter market picking up significantly in the quarter. Year-to-date bookings versus shipments were up even more than revenue growth. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by an approximate 8% in the quarter. Commercial transport aftermarket, which makes up about 85% of our total commercial aftermarket, revenues in Q3 fiscal year 2018 were up 7% over the prior year period and up 11% year-to-date. For the freight aftermarket, we are running year-to-date ahead of the average with the interiors aftermarket below average but starting to show signs of recovery. In general, continued global revenue passenger mile growth and a generally positive economic environment seem to provide a backdrop of improved market dynamics. Finally, for the business jet/helicopter aftermarket, which accounts for the final 15% of revenue in our total commercial aftermarket, year-to-date sales growth was up in the high-single digit percentage range. This was the second sequential quarter of solid growth in this end-market after an extended period of softness. Business jet takeoff and landing cycles and used business jet inventories continue their modest improvement from previous quarters, albeit still well off of their peak performance, but clearly, key market indicators have improved. As a reminder, the aftermarket in this segment tends to go through the OEM, and as such, we do not have the same level of insight into this market segment. So cautious optimism remains for this market segment. Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, was up slightly more than 4% over the prior year Q3. Once again, strong defense aftermarket revenue growth was tempered by slower defense OEM shipments, although the OEM was stronger than we have seen in recent quarters. The vast majority of the defense OEM market softness can be tied to declines in A400M build rates. Total defense bookings continue to provide an encouraging narrative as bookings were up nicely year-to-date over prior year and have similarly outpaced sales year-to-date. This expansion is characterized by modest OEM bookings growth and stronger aftermarket bookings performance. Year-to-date, total defense market sales and bookings are well distributed and appear to be coming from most businesses that support defense-related platforms. Defense orders can be booked as far out as two years, so the timing of the related shipments can be difficult to predict as actual shipment dates can be delayed based upon a number of factors. Now moving on to profitability, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. EBITDA As Defined of about $487 million for Q3 was up 9% versus prior Q3 and $1.35 billion, or up 8% on a year-to-date basis. The As Defined adjustments in Q3 were primarily non-cash compensation expense and acquisition-related costs and amortizations. Q3 2018 EBITDA As Defined margin came in just under 50% of revenues at 49.7%. This includes about 1 margin point of dilution from the recent acquisitions of Kirkhill and Extant. Excluding the acquisitions, margins improved over 0.5 percentage points year-over-year for the same period. Margin improvement progress is always important to us and indicates that our base businesses continue to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. Now let me turn to 2018 guidance, which is found on slide 6 of your presentation. Based on our year-to-date results and expectations for the fourth quarter, we are adjusting our guidance for the year. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2018 revenue guidance is increased by $20 million to $3.8 billion, primarily reflecting improvement in our base business. This revenue guidance is based on the following slightly revised market channel growth rate assumptions: we now expect commercial aftermarket revenue growth of high-single digit percent versus prior year, this is an increase from our assumptions from last quarter; commercial OEM revenues are now expected to be roughly flat with prior year, this is a modest decrease from our prior guidance; and we are maintaining defense, military revenue growth at up a mid-single digit percent versus prior year. The midpoint of fiscal year 2018 EBITDA As Defined guidance increased by $15 million to $1.87 billion. Again, most of this increase is due to improved operational performance across our businesses. The midpoint of our adjusted EPS is now anticipated to be $17.61 per share, decreased by $0.06 per share from our last guidance. This decrease in guidance is due to improved EBITDA As Defined, offset by higher interest expense. Jim will discuss in more detail shortly. I would now like to comment on a few items, including Boeing's latest Partnering for Success agreement, executive leadership changes and Skandia. First, I am pleased to announce that in July we successfully completed negotiations and have executed commercial agreements that last into the next decade with Boeing. This was part of Boeing's Partnering for Success initiative. The new agreements continue a long-standing partnership between our companies, encompassing aircraft production and aftermarket support. While the specific details of our agreements are confidential, they represent a win-win for both parties  for both of our companies and reinforce our commitment to operational excellence and focus on maximizing performance and providing innovative engineered products for existing and future Boeing platforms. We do not expect that this will have any material impact on our financial performance as a result of this mutually beneficial agreement. Again, due to our confidentiality agreement, this will be our only comment on the subject, similar to our last Boeing PFS agreement. Secondly, as Nick mentioned, we have recently announced a few executive management changes. I will not comment further on our promotion of Mike Lisman to CFO but to say how excited I am to have him in this new role as it further augments our private equity-like value-driven culture. I would like to expand on the promotion of Jorge Valladares to Chief Operating Officer of our Power Group. All of our Power Group businesses now report to Jorge, along with several executive vice presidents. Jorge will continue to report directly to me as will the remaining businesses in the Airframe Group and the other EVPs. This will keep me intimately involved in our operations while we continue our deliberate succession plan. Jorge is steeped in our TransDigm culture and moves into this position after serving four years as an Executive Vice President. Prior to that, Jorge held the position of President at Avtech Tyee and AdelWiggins. Jorge initially started with the AdelWiggins Group and held various positions of increasing levels of management responsibility in engineering, manufacturing and sales. Now, finally in July, we closed the acquisition of Skandia, a leading provider of highly engineered seating foam, foam fabrication, flammability testing and acoustic solutions for the business jet market. Headquartered in Davis Junction, Illinois, Skandia's annual revenues are approximately $26 million and the company currently employs about 70 people. It is too early in our integration process to provide any specific color on this acquisition. However, we do expect this business to create equity value well in line with our long-term private equity-type return objectives. Next quarter, we will provide you an update on the integration progress of Kirkhill and Extant and our initial thoughts on Skandia. So let me conclude by stating, all-in-all, Q3 of fiscal year 2018 was another solid quarter for TransDigm. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Senior Vice President of Finance, Jim Skulina.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. I will now review the third quarter financial results. Third quarter net sales were $981 million, up $83 million or approximately 9% greater than the prior year. Organic sales were up 4.4%. The balance of the sales increase was from our recent acquisitions, primarily Kirkhill and Extant. Our third quarter gross profit was $570 million, an increase of approximately 10%. Our reported gross profit of 58.1% was modestly higher than the prior year margin of 57.9%. This was due to several puts and takes. First, dilutive impact of the acquisition mix and the acquisition-related costs decreased gross profit percent by just under 2 margin points. This was offset by the margin expansion in our existing businesses due to the strength of our proprietary products as well as a favorable product mix. Our selling and administrative expenses were 11.5% of sales for the current quarter compared to 12% in the prior year. Interest expense increased by approximately $15 million, up 10% versus the prior-year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt of $12.4 billion in the current quarter versus $11.2 billion in the prior year. During the quarter, we were very busy in the capital markets. We successfully raised $1.2 billion of incremental debt, including $500 million of new senior subordinated notes and $700 million in additional tranche E term loans. The proceeds were used to replenish cash used to fund the purchase price of Kirkhill and Extant, with the remainder of the net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes, which include future acquisitions, dividends, or share repurchases. In addition, we repriced $5.1 billion of existing term loans to lower rates from LIBOR plus 2.75% to LIBOR plus 2.5%. We extended the term of our tranche E term loans and the revolver, and we entered into additional hedges to align the new term loans and extended maturities on existing debt to remain approximately 75% fixed through 2025. We now expect our full-year interest expense to be approximately $670 million. This estimate reflects the impact of all of our third quarter financing activities. Now, moving on to taxes, the U.S. enacted the Tax Cuts and Job Act (sic) [Tax Cuts and Jobs Act] (00:22:32) in December 2017. That significantly reduced our expected effective tax rate for fiscal 2018. As a result, the effective GAAP tax rate was 18.1% for the current quarter compared to 28% in the prior year quarter. We are now estimating our full-year GAAP tax rate to be approximately 4%, the adjusted tax rate to be approximately 9% and the cash tax rate to be approximately 15%. The estimated GAAP and cash tax rates were lowered this quarter, primarily due to higher excess tax benefits in stock option exercises. In fiscal 2019, we expect our effective tax rate to be between 21% and 23%. Our net income from continuing operations in the quarter increased $48 million or 28% to $217 million, which is 22% of sales. This compares to net income of $170 million or 19% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales and lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higher interest expense versus the prior period. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $3.91 per share in the current quarter compared to $3.09 per share last year. Our adjusted net income for the quarter rose 20.8% to $223.2 million or $4.01 per share from $184.7 million or $3.37 per share in the comparable quarter a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share in the current fiscal year includes $0.42 of favorable impact from the enactment of the tax reform. Excluding this favorable tax impact, current earnings per share of $3.59 increased 6.5% over the prior year. Please refer to Table 3 of this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity, we generated approximately $691 million of cash from operating activities year-to-date and ended the quarter with approximately $1.85 billion of cash on the balance sheet. This quarter-end cash balance does not reflect the payment of approximately $84 million for the acquisition of Skandia, which occurred in July. Our net debt leverage ratio for quarter-end was 6.1 times pro forma EBITDA As Defined and gross leverage was 7.1 times pro forma EBITDA. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $15.84. And as Kevin previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $17.61. The increase at the midpoint of the GAAP EPS was due to the increase in EBITDA As Defined and lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higher interest expense. The increase of the midpoint of the adjusted EPS was due to two factors. The largest was the increase in EBITDA As Defined. This was partially reduced by higher interest expense. Please see slide 9 for a bridge detail on the $1.77 of adjustments between GAAP to adjusted earnings per share related to our guidance. I will now hand this back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you. We ask that you limit your questions to two per person and then please reinsert yourself into the queue to allow everyone an opportunity to ask a question. Operator, we are ready to open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Robert Stinegarn (sic) [Robert Spingarn] (00:26:18) with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: A couple things. First, on the organic sales, I think you said those were 4% plus growth in the quarter. But assuming fair amount of that is pricing, is it fair to conclude that volumes were flattish overall?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think so. I think it's fair to assume that the volumes were flattish overall.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then, Kevin, following up on that, if volumes are flattish, and reconciling to this wide-body pressure that you showed in your results and you've talked about, how is that possible with 87 and 350 (00:27:00) ramping? The OE also includes ramping narrow-body. I just  struggling to reconcile where the pressure's coming from. Is it timing? Is it 777?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's timing. It's 777. It's some other program delays. I think it's across the board. We've gone through and looked at all the places that we've missed versus expectations, and everything correlates back to A380 declines and inventory adjustments, 777 declines and adjustments and on it goes. The encouraging piece for us is that bookings in the commercial transport OEM are starting to improve a little bit. We saw some nice rebound in bookings in Q3 there. So I think this is just a timing-related function that our shipset content hasn't changed on these, and it just has to come through the system.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And just to follow up, Kevin, is another element of this where you get pricing on the aftermarket, you're getting the opposite on the OE? So, to the extent that we see 10% type increases in narrow-bodies and on a couple of those wide-body lines something similar, you're actually going the other way on pricing?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, we don't comment on the individual pieces of price. So I don't want to get into the slicing and dicing of that. But again, I think we're looking forward and saying this should be a better story going forward due to the bookings.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Nick or Kevin, first on the aftermarket. Strong result year-to-date, up 11%. How much of that do you think is being influenced by the unusually low rate of old aircraft retirement and the lack of surplus parts that are out there at the moment?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's hard for me to comment. It'd just be speculation, but I'm positive it doesn't hurt our case to have less retirements out there. But I don't know the exact correlation.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think I might just add, on the surplus stuff, we did a fair amount of work on that whenever it was, Kevin, a year or two ago...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, two years ago.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...and talked about it. The amount of surplus sold for our product is very small. So, hard to believe that has any significant impact.
Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Right. And secondly, on the quarter-end cash balance, unusually high for TransDigm. Does that reflect some opportunistic timing in terms of taking out the debt here? Or was it something else going on?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Rob, I'm not quite sure I follow your question. We borrowed, as you know, a little more than  we borrowed and essentially we replenished what we spent for the $600 million of acquisition, reloaded that again. We'll do what we normally do. If we don't buy anything, we'll have a couple billion dollars at the end of the year. We'll see where things stand. And if we don't see a good use for it, we'd probably pay something out the beginning of next year.
Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. So, it's just sort of normal practice, then, is the way to think of that?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, right.
Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And we'll see what comes along. I mean, we're fairly busy. We see opportunity. We'll see how things unwind here. As I think you know, we don't sit on money too long.
Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah, exactly. All right. Thanks for everything.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Nick, just following up on that, in your prepared remarks, you actually specifically said that you'll make some decisions on capital allocation during the first quarter of next fiscal year.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So should we read that to mean you will either be making an acquisition or announcing a special dividend by the end of 1Q 2019 (00:31:35)?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I wouldn't  no, I wouldn't want to get nailed down that much. I'd say we'd make a decision. The decision could be we'll make a decision next quarter, but as you know, if we don't see something moving along. I mean, that's the best I can tell you, is if we don't see something moving along, we don't sit on the money very long. If we have $2 billion and significant capacity, and we don't see some decent deals, we do something.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Yeah, I wasn't trying to nail you down.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I hate to back into a corner on that (00:32:08).
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah, and I didn't mean to attempt to back you into a corner. I actually was just a little surprised by the specificity of the comments in your prepared remarks.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: But understood.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, and that may be a good point. What I really was trying to say is we probably aren't going to do anything for the next 60 days or so.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I maybe oversold the point.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Glad to clarify that. And then just one other. On the defense business, if I strip out what I believe you do roughly in price in the business, it looks like units were kind of flattish in the quarter and has maybe been flattish a few quarters in a row. And I was just kind of reading back through your order commentary on the end market, and it's now been several quarters in a row where the order commentary has been quite robust. DoD Treasury outlays were up well into the double digits in the quarter. Maybe you could parse out a little bit more? I mean, I know there can be long lead times in the business. You mentioned the A400M. But, perhaps, you could give us a little more on why it looks like you are trailing the market a little bit there right now.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I will comment on what I see in our business. The defense aftermarket is strong in sales and in bookings. Defense OEM, a little less so. The defense business bookings and including shipments can be very lumpy. You can be impacted by delays in contracts and budgets. There's a number of factors that go into this. So it's always difficult to predict when these bookings will come out as sales. Clearly, this is a good position to be in that we're building up some backlog specifically in the aftermarket side but  and on the OEM side of defense. This will eventually come out. It just takes time. And it's why we don't emphasize the defense side as much, because it's difficult to predict when this will all come out as shipments. There are many delays and movements in when things can be shipped even though there are bookings associated with it. So I don't know about trailing market or not. For our shipset of business, this continues to look robust and encouraging as we look into the future.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, Kevin, do you feel like you have a reasonably high probability of the rate of organic growth in that segment accelerating for you next year versus this year?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think, yes. I think, we should expect that given  I mean, all of these bookings have to come out sometime.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I am as curious about it as you are as to when all this will come out. We do look at this regularly, and it's just difficult to predict. But I would anticipate things will get better here.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And you'll have a forecast when you go through next year's guidance.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right. Next quarter, we'll give you some guidance.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah, that's why I asked sort of from a probability perspective. But I appreciate the comments, guys. Thanks so much.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I understand why you asked for sure.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: I was hoping, Kevin, maybe you could comment on aftermarket trends more recently because we've heard of some capacity cuts being planned.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You're breaking up. I can't really hear the question. Can you repeat that?
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Sure. Can you hear me now?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You're still fading in and out.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Oh, jeez. Okay. I'll try one last time. Hopefully it works. I'm wondering if you had any comments on trends in aftermarket bookings late in the quarter and early in this quarter, just given some of the capacity cuts announced by U.S. airlines.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I believe you're asking about have we seen a difference in aftermarket bookings or activity because of slowdowns at the end of the quarter beginning of this quarter. Is that your question?
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't believe we've seen any of that, but I'm not sure. I look at it granularly enough on the week-to-week basis to have seen that. But there's nothing that has been highlighted that there has been any difference that I have seen in the aftermarket at the end of the quarter.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ronald Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning, afternoon, guys.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Kevin, can you talk a little bit about Kirkhill and how that's going? And when you look out in the market for other opportunities, that one seems like it was like pretty low-hanging fruit. I mean, are there other opportunities? And maybe more specifically are there other opportunities from that same tree?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I don't know. I'll let Nick comment on whether there's other opportunities from the tree. I think Kirkhill has been a good acquisition for TransDigm, and we believe it will deliver the private equity-like returns we're looking for. So we're confident in that. I would tell you that it's still taking some time to understand some of the market segmentation and to determine where some of the opportunities are to improve. I will tell you that so far so good. I'll give you more of an update next quarter as we have more to update. We have only owned the business for a short period of time; really took control at the beginning of June, if I remember right. So there's a limit on how much we can comment so far. There's still a lot of the integration ongoing. But everything we've seen, this is encouraging, and we would certainly entertain other opportunities like that.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And maybe as a follow-on question from  a couple of other people tried to ask this different ways, but I'll just be more direct. I think investors are trying to get their head around, we're seeing the commercial aftermarket business broadly surging for a lot of different companies. Why isn't it surging for you guys?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's not. So, we're up double-digits year-to-date in aftermarket. Hard for me to comment on that, defend that, but our total commercial aerospace aftermarket is up 11% year-to-date.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And I think our POS so far year-to-date, we're seeing modest improvements over what we've seen in prior quarters on POS. So it's running above the 11% rate that I discussed. I think we're seeing it.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not sure that we're not.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from with Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Kevin, when you mentioned some of the pressure that you're seeing, you mentioned both wide-body production rate reductions and delays as pressuring OE sales. Do the delays refer solely to the wide-body programs as well, or is that a broader phenomenon?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It refers to wide-bodies. We've seen some selective slowdowns in narrow-bodies here and there, but nothing to really comment on. The main driver is wide-body.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And it's true across all  really all wide-body platforms. Yeah.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe just following up a little bit on Ron's question, it seems like the guidance implies kind of a 6%-ish growth number for aftermarket in the fourth quarter. And so when you look at what makes that up, kind of where is the deceleration coming from in terms of the double-digit growth we saw in the first half to...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: ...the kind of 6% to 8% for the second half?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I understand the question, where you're coming from on that, and maybe we're being too conservative in this. But my goal is to not get out ahead of ourselves. We told everyone last quarter that we thought things were running a little too hot, and we were a little bit lower this last quarter. I don't know where it's going to come in. The order book continues to look strong. This is just our forecast from what we see and our desire to be a little conservative in this market segment.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is open.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Just following-up there on the aftermarket. Obviously, the comp was more difficult here year-over-year in the third quarter. Sequentially, Kevin, was the aftermarket up, flat, or down in the quarter?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Was it up, flat, or down? I'm looking at that. Aftermarket was up a little. A little.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then following up on Seth's question, so on the narrow-body seg, are you seeing anything related to kind of the ramp-up issues that both Airbus and Boeing seem to be having on narrow-bodies in general but also in particular on the new narrow-body side?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not really. I would say that I'm not hearing any trends or concerns across the company that any kind of engine delays or issues in the extended supply chain are causing us any problems that I can see on narrow-bodies. Yeah, so nothing that we've seen.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And last one for me, your margin performance in the quarter was really good. I think you said adjusted EBITDA margins from the base business were up 50 bps. Was that just mix, or was there anything kind of exceptional in that number?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think it's mix and operational performance. It's ongoing what we do day in and day out to drive value, drive our performance in our business productivity and the like. So I can't point to any one thing, which is good. It goes across all of our businesses in the organization.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. Your line is open.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, Nick, Kevin. Congratulations, Mike. Hey, Kevin, I guess, this is just more of a clarification because we talked a lot about the OEM. So just circling back to, I think, Rob's original question, so it sounds like the takeaway is this is all timing related and then ultimately, I know you're not giving 2019 guidance, but you would expect commercial OEM to be up when we're thinking about these rate increases next year?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We'll provide next year's guidance next quarter. I haven't seen it all come in. But yeah, this is a wide-body phenomenon. Again, we haven't lost any shipset content. This is 100% timing related and we'll give you some more guidance next quarter for the following year. But I see this as a timing related phenomenon.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, just, Nick, just a bigger picture question. I guess, defense is now 35% of the mix, and I know M&A is very deal-specific and has to meet your criteria. But is there a natural cap on how big you would let the defense exposure get if you saw the right deals?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, we don't look at deals based on whether defense or commercial. We look at them whether they meet our proprietary aerospace significant aftermarket, our criteria and whether we get the return. We have, obviously, seen more attractive defense stuff the last year or so than we did in the past, not surprisingly. I don't know that we have a hard limit. We sure wouldn't want  we don't want to turn this into a defense company. So I mean, I think we kind of like the range we're in. But whether it's 35% or 37% or 32%, I don't know, makes a whole lot of difference.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: (00:46:04) in for Michael. Just to go on to the A220 Airbus, the CSeries, Airbus commenting that they're asking for 20% price concessions from current suppliers. Any impact for you guys there?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I've read that as well, but I have not heard of any requests or changes for us. The CSeries is a great program. We hope that it's a very successful platform. But I have not heard of any concrete requests or changes for us.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks. On the aftermarket interior side, you commented that you've seen some color on recovery there. What's driving it? I mean, is it interior retrofit activity (00:46:54), any impacts on the Pexco and Schneller product lines for you?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, the interiors business is really Schneller and Pexco largely. So as we look at that, we've seen a slowdown in some of the OEM programs on the interior side as they are doing fleet refurbishments, rebranding campaigns and the like, as well as some of those refurbishments. But what we are seeing pick up quite dramatically is the repairs and upkeep of the interiors that were put in over the last couple years. So our interiors business has, from the aftermarket side, has recovered nicely in the last quarter and having a decent year. I think really ahead of our expectations on the interior side on the aftermarket.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Got it. Thank you. Actually one more if I may, on the supply chain side, I mean, we've heard a number of industry participants commenting that they're seeing some constraints or, perhaps, bottlenecks. Any impact for you guys, perhaps, looking at raw materials, maybe even components? Any impact, any color there that we can add?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. I don't have any color that concerns. We monitor our on-time delivery, our days delinquent, how we're doing in servicing our customers across the business, and we're not seeing any dramatic dips across the company in on-time delivery performance. We're not seeing problems sourcing raw materials. But you have to also understand where we are in the supply chain. Maybe simpler at the beginning, and so maybe not an issue for us. So I'm not hearing any real complaints on capacity or ability to produce right now at the rates that we have.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think it's safe to say, Kevin, we're not having to stretch out our lead times significantly...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We are not. We're not doing that.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...which you think you'd see if that was happening.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. And you might also see your on-time delivery dip. And you do see that once in a while in a business that has a surge, but everyone recovers quickly. I haven't seen any problem here.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you for the additional color, guys.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning. Hey, Nick, what kind of a correlation have you seen between fuel prices and commercial aftermarket spend as in the level of correlation or maybe a lag? And how are you planning for higher fuel prices as you think about how your customers budget their own discretionary spend for 2019?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know how to correlate it. And I don't know that we've seen a great correlation. Obviously, when your customer is not as profitable, you'd prefer your customer will be more profitable. But I don't know that we've seen any particular correlation, and I don't know how we really plan for it. I guess, that's probably like all I know to say about it.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we react to the...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...orders that come in and deal with it. In terms of predicting that, it's difficult. There doesn't seem to be a lot of correlations possible there.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And we haven't seen any there.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Right. Yeah, I guess, I was just wondering if you were in regular contact with your customers around their own planning process, so you're not sort of caught by surprise because it can be a lumpy business.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We are in constant contact with our customers, but we're not talking about their necessarily planning needs long-term on this and how fuel prices may impact them. But we certainly are talking about what they need, what their issues are, and how we can help them.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But that hasn't been an overwhelming point of discussion.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then  and maybe a little bit more on that. Could you tell us a little bit about discretionary spend to the extent that you can? Maybe how much of your sales come through, like, multi-quarter, under the umbrella of this all being discretionary, like multi-quarter improvement projects versus sort of like one-off things that may kind of be lumpy and come in through sort of like master purchase agreements or something that you may have with a customer?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know how to answer that question. We don't look at our data that way. So  and I don't want to speculate or guess on that. So I don't really have a good answer for you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I think we can say the vast majority of our aftermarket is not lumpy special project business. It's stuff they order due to activity.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And anything  one business is lumpy one year, but someone else may be lumpy the next. So it has a tendency to average out. But beyond that, I don't know how to answer that question.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Morning. EBITDA grew 9% in the quarter in line with the top line. How do we think about timing of EBITDA acceleration? And are there any material cost or mix headwinds or offsets with the Kirkhill we should be thinking about?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know of any headwinds or issues that we have to think about right now. So, I continue to see us improving margins as we go forward in line with our guidance that we've provided. The value drivers continue to show the same level of engagement as always on price, productivity, and profitable new business. So I don't see any change.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, Kevin. And then just one more on aftermarket. Is this sort of a normalized high single-digit rate we should be thinking about now that interiors is picking up and freight is probably normalizing off the highs?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Can you repeat that question, Sheila? I missed a couple of words there.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Sorry. No, no, no. It's my fault. On commercial aftermarket, is the high single-digit growth rate what we should be thinking about on a normalized basis now that interiors is picking up off the bottom and freight is normalizing off of very high levels?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, Sheila, we'll give next year's guidance next year. There's a lot to think about in that as we unpack it and go forward. So, can I get back to you on that...
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Sounds good.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...and give you some more concrete guidance on that as we go forward? Clearly, this isn't a bad situation as we go forward, but we need to unpack that and give you some exact numbers.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, now we've given  we gave  at the Investor Day, we've given some sense...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...of long-term growth kind of numbers...
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...that make sense, and I don't know of any reason that they don't still make sense.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Makes sense. Thank you.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Drew Lipke with Stephens. Your line is open.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah, thank you for taking the question. I guess, can you remind us how much of your commercial aftermarket sales are engine related? And then just tied to that on the aftermarket settlement that CFM signed last week to allow the use of third-party PMA parts, how do you think this could change the aftermarket competitive landscape just in the engine piece of the aftermarket itself?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, we don't slice and dice the aftermarket by engine and non-engine sellers. I would tell you that although the engine side is important for us, it's not a driver for us. So, there are opportunities there, but I don't know how to think about it beyond that. And in terms of the settlement, I don't believe there will be any impact to us in our business going forward, as that segment isn't a huge segment for us.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Just naturally for our products.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And the better growth in aftermarket that you saw in the second quarter, I think you're up 15%. How much was tied to the distribution agreement that Adams Rite signed with Wincor (00:55:37)? How much was kind of a pull forward there?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: There was some movement of distributors over the last several quarters for two businesses, specifically, but I wouldn't say that that has a material impact on our aftermarket. It's in those numbers, but I don't think it has a material impact.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: This is the last good morning you're going to get, all right? You got three minutes left, so.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Good morning, gents. Wondered if you could give us just a clarification on one of those earlier answers, Kevin, on the volumes. If you split that out and said  I think you would imply that OEM volumes were down modestly and aftermarket volumes were up modestly if we correct for price. Maybe a little bit better than that on the aftermarket depending on military volumes. But just wanted that clarification, if you could.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I don't disagree with your clarification.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Okay. Good. And then just another one on  this kind of gets to Hunter's question a little bit. When you look at buying behavior among the customer set globally in the aftermarket, are there any notable differences in behavior as you take a step around the world and look at various regions? Or are we seeing relatively coordinated activity among the customer set?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I would say that each region has its own idiosyncrasies. So they have different practices and  but it's still directionally accurate that the procedures, processes, the way people go to market, their ordering practices, I haven't seen any changes. Yes, there are some subtle differences when you go, like I said, region to region but I haven't seen any differences in anyone's approach to the market; their buying practices, their inventories, stocking, whether it's airlines or distribution. I really haven't seen any market changes.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Yeah, I'm just trying to understand, you said directionally, so when you look at bookings trends in Asia versus Europe versus U.S. versus LatAm or whatever, take your pick, directionally they're all similar is what you're saying? Or not?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I would say they're all directionally similar and dependent on the air fleet that's present in the region, so. But I think they're all directionally equal. I'm not seeing any  if your question is, are they  is one region more PMA activity than another and you don't see the same growth, we don't see those kinds of changes region-to-region. It's amazingly robust around the world and follows pretty similar practices.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I guess, it's safe to say in the last three to six, you don't see any discontinuity, I would say.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I haven't seen anything like that.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Discontinuity, whatever the practice was it is.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, yeah, nothing has really changed.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Do I  am I interested in Asia and inventory practices there and the like? Sure. But I really haven't seen anything manifest itself differently.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, sure.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Liza Sabol for any closing remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, again, for calling in to listen this morning, and please look for our 10-Q, which will be filed tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc. Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc. Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today, Ms. Liza Sabol, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2018 second quarter earnings conference call. With me on the line this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Skulina. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Please note that we should file our Form 10-Q no later than Monday, May 7, and also will be found on our website. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that the statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC, which will be available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We would also like to advise you that, during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks everyone for calling in. Today, I'll start off with a brief overview of our recent organizational announcement and comments on our consistent strategy, a quick summary of second quarter fiscal year 2018, and a quick overview of the new acquisitions. Kevin will then review the company performance for the quarter and the year, and Jim will run through the financials. As you may have seen, we recently announced an organization change. Kevin Stein has been elected by the Board of Directors to be our new CEO with responsibilities for all operational and financial matters. All our operating execs as well as the CFO will report to Kevin. I have become Executive Chairman and I will continue my duties with respect to overall corporate strategy, capital allocation, M&A, investor interaction, board management and similar matters. As part of this transition, I extended my employment contract by five years or through 2024. Kevin's contract was also amended and now runs through 2024. We have been working on this transition for almost four years now. Kevin has done an excellent job learning our culture and processes. He has also contributed substantially to the significant value created over that time. He clearly understands and embraces our long-term value generating strategy. He is a good choice and I'm confident he will do a fine job. Now to reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize why we believe this? About 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over half our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues historically produce higher gross margins and have provided relative stability in downturns. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful management of our balance sheet. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. One, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Two, we have a simple, well proven value-based operating methodology based on our three value drivers. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that closely aligns our management with the shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit our focused strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And fifth, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for capital allocation. We basically have four. Our priorities typically are as follows; One, to invest in our existing business. Second, to make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy and return requirements. These are almost always our first choices. Our third is to give money back to the shareholders either through special dividend or stock buybacks. And our last is to pay off debt, but given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this is still likely our last choice in current capital market conditions. In the last three years, we've seen significantly different business conditions and have allocated our capital accordingly. In March of fiscal year 2018, we announced two acquisitions for about $575 million that both fit our consistent strategy. We expect these deals to generate solid PE-like equity returns. We'll see how the rest of the year proceeds and as always, allocate our capital in a way we believe best maximizes the return to the shareholders. We continue to be reasonably active in the M&A world with a decent pipeline but, as usual, I can't predict or comment on any potential closings. To quickly review the two recent acquisitions, Kirkhill and Extant, are both primarily, proprietary sole source aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket. Kirkhill's annual revenues are about $90 million and almost all of this comes from aerospace. The transaction closed on March 15. The business is about evenly split between commercial and military revenues. The company's elastomer products are used on a broad range of commercial and military platforms, including most major new platforms. The profitability of this business has been problematic. We see a clear path to substantially improve the profitability, but it may take a little longer than usual. Extant is an attractive and unique business model. The company acquires and/or exclusively licenses mature products at or near the end of their new platform production cycles and provides the products and related aftermarket services for the remaining useful life. This can often be 30 years or more, particularly for the military products. Extant's revenues are about $85 million. Again, this business is primarily aerospace, with a very high, that is, 80-plus-percent of the revenue in the aftermarket. The business is a mix of defense and commercial, but is more heavily weighted towards defense. This transaction closed on April 24. We will also launch a new debt offering this afternoon. The market continues to look strong and accommodating. Our current intention is to raise about $1.2 billion of new money. This is to replace the money we recently spent and also add a little more dry powder. As usual, if we don't see good accretive acquisition uses in some reasonable timeframe, we may well return some of the money to our shareholders. Additionally, the call protection on about $5 billion of our floating rate debt is due to expire at the end of May. As a result, we will also reprice this debt in order to reduce the spread over LIBOR that we currently pay. This should help to mitigate any future increases in LIBOR rates. We expect that we can lock this in well ahead of the call protection expiration date. Now to quickly summarize Q2 and year-to-date fiscal year 2018. Kevin is going to address this in more detail. On a Q2 and year-to-date operations, that is revenue and EBITDA As Adjusted were strong, a little ahead of our expectations and up over last year. EBITDA As Adjusted margins on both a quarter and year-to-date basis were up about a point. Our year-to-date Q2 earnings per share, both GAAP and As Adjusted are up significantly, both impacted by the new tax and improved operating performance. In the commercial aftermarket, revenues were strong, both against prior year Q2 and year-to-date. Freight related aftermarket was up very substantially. Commercial OEM revenues continue mixed, but overall slightly soft. Defense revenues were up modestly. However, incoming orders in both OEM and the aftermarket defense areas were quite strong. We feel good about the first half of 2018, especially with respect to the commercial aftermarket revenues and defense orders. Excluding acquisitions or capital structure activity, we still expect to generate about $1 billion in cash from operations after considering the impact of the new tax law. As I mentioned, Kirkhill and Extant use up about $575 million of this $1 billion. Based on the solid first half results and recent acquisitions, we are adjusting our guidance for the year. Our midpoint revenue guidance has increased by $95 million, reflecting both the recent acquisitions and our improved base business performance. Our midpoint EBITDA As Adjusted has increased by $25 million, reflecting the same factors as above. About two-thirds of this increase is due to the new acquisitions. We do not expect Kirkhill to contribute any substantive EBITDA in 2018. Our midpoint EPS as adjusted has increased by $0.40 a share. This is primarily the result of the improved EBITDA I just mentioned. In summary, the first half of fiscal year 2018 was a good start to the year. So far the balance of the year looks positive. In any event, I'm confident with our consistent, value-focused strategy and strong mix of businesses we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. And now let me hand this over to Kevin, who'll discuss more detail of the operation.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. As you've seen, we had a strong second quarter and an encouraging first half of fiscal year 2018. Now, let's review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide colored commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period and 2017, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. In our commercial OEM market, Q2 fiscal year 2018 revenues decreased approximately 2% when compared with Q2 of fiscal year 2017. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up the majority of our commercial OEM business, were down slightly in Q2 when compared to the prior year period. The vast majority of this softness is attributed to weakness in wide-body build rates at both Airbus and Boeing, and the impact these reductions or delays have on the extended supply chain. As was the case in previous quarters, commercial transport OEM sales can fluctuate from time to time, but at its core, our shipset content remains robust, so any softness is simply timing related. Business jet and helicopter OEM revenues make up about 15% of our commercial OEM revenues. In total, year-to-date revenues in this market are up mid-single-digits compared to the first half of fiscal 2017, driven by stronger growth in the business jet market offset by weaker performance in the helicopter market. Bookings versus shipments year-to-date were up even more. A welcome change from past quarters and similar to what our peer group is seeing in this market segment. Our total commercial OEM market year-to-date has grown slightly slower than we originally forecast due to our aforementioned wide-body softness. We're now lowering our commercial OEM full year revenue guidance to grow in the low single-digit percentage range from our previous guidance of mid-single-digit growth. Now, moving on to our commercial aftermarket business. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 15% in the quarter. Commercial transport aftermarket, which makes up about 85% of our total commercial aftermarket, revenues in Q2 fiscal year 2018 were up 15% over the prior year period and up 13% year-to-date. This revenue increase was driven by very strong performance in the freight aftermarket, offset by slower growth in the discretionary interiors aftermarket. In general, continued global revenue passenger mile growth and slower retirements of older aircraft seem to provide a backdrop of improved market dynamics. Finally, for the business jet/helicopter aftermarket which accounts for the final 15% of revenue in our total commercial aftermarket, sales were up in the low double-digits in Q2 of fiscal year 2018. Business jet takeoff and landing cycles and used business jet inventories continue their modest improvement from previous quarters, albeit still well off of their peak performance. The aftermarket in this segment tends to go through the OEM and as such we do not have the same level of insight into this market segment, so cautious optimism remains for this market segment. Since we're halfway through our fiscal year 2018, I wanted to update you on where the commercial aftermarket submarkets are compared to the original guidance we gave you back in November. The passenger segment, we're slightly better than our original guidance. For the freight segment, we're performing well above. Discretionary interiors are at guidance, but this market remains difficult to predict. And then finally, business jet and helicopters are nicely higher than our original guidance. In total, our commercial aftermarket is running better than our original expectations of mid-single-digit growth. So we're raising our full year commercial aftermarket guidance for growth mid to high single-digits. Given the weaker comps from the first half of 2017 and the variability observed across the industry and the commercial aftermarket quarter-to-quarter over the last few years, we have elected to take a more cautious tone until we see more in reference to aftermarket growth across TransDigm for the balance of the year. Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues was up approximately 5% over the prior year Q2. Strong defense aftermarket revenue growth was tempered by slower defense OEM shipments. The vast majority of the defense OEM market softness can be tied to declines in A400M build rates. Total defense bookings continue to provide an encouraging narrative as bookings are up close to 20% for the first half of fiscal 2018 compared to prior year, with strength in both OEM and aftermarket. Year-to-date, bookings have outpaced sales by an even larger percentage. Year-to-date total defense market segment sales and bookings are well distributed and appear to be coming from most businesses that support defense-related platforms. Due to the exceptionally strong year-to-date bookings, we're increasing our defense full-year revenue guidance to grow mid-single-digits from our previous guidance of low single-digit to mid-single-digit growth. Now, moving on to profitability and on a reported basis, Jim will provide more on the numbers, but let me touch on operating margin for TransDigm. The EBITDA As Defined margin for continuing operations came in at just under 50% of revenues for Q2 of fiscal year 2018, an improvement year-over-year of just over 1 percentage point for the same period. Margin improvement progress is always important to us and indicates that our base business continues to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. Finally, let me touch on our two recent closed acquisitions. Kirkhill, headquartered in Brea, California is a leading supplier of highly engineered aerospace elastomers, used primarily as seals. Kirkhill employs about 800 people with annual revenues of about $90 million. Extant located in Melbourne, Florida employs more than 170 and expects to generate revenue of approximately $85 million from the fiscal year ending September 2018. Extant provides a broad range of proprietary aftermarket products and repair and overhaul services to the aerospace and defense end markets. It is too early in our integration process to provide any specific color on these acquisitions. However, we do expect both of these businesses to create equity value well in line with our long-term private equity-type return objectives. Initial thoughts at this point. While Extant's only been in the fold for a few days so not much to say there. However, for Kirkhill, our initial value thesis looks solid, validating our acquisition model. So let me conclude by stating, all in all Q2 of fiscal year 2018 was another solid quarter for TransDigm, focused on our value drivers of profitable new business, productivity and value pricing, and the successful integration of our recent acquisitions will set us up for a strong second half of 2018. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Skulina.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Good second quarter. Now, I'll review the second quarter financial results. Second quarter net sales were $933 million, up $64 million or approximately 7% greater than the prior year. Organic sales made up the majority of the increase and were up 6.6%. This does not include any Kirkhill activity. TransDigm purchased Kirkhill in Q2 and the acquisition closed on March 15th. We've only owned Kirkhill for two weeks and did not include any sales or profit in our Q2 results. Our first quarter gross profit was $534 million, an increase of 9%. Our reported gross profit margin of 57.2% was about one margin point higher than the prior year, primarily due to the strength of our proprietary products and the favorable product mix. Our selling and administrative expenses were 11.5% of sales for the current quarter, compared to 11.6% in the prior year. Interest expense increased by approximately $13 million, up 9% versus the prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt of $11.8 billion in the current quarter versus $11.2 billion in the prior year as well as increasing LIBOR rates. During the quarter, we successfully repriced approximately $1.8 billion of our term loans to take advantage of better rates, by decreasing from LIBOR plus 3.0% to LIBOR plus 2.5%. The expected annualized interest expense savings before fees is approximately $9 million related to this repricing. We are now assuming an average LIBOR of about 1.8% for the full year with LIBOR rates approaching 2.4% by the end of our fiscal year. As a reminder, once rates hit 2%, our credit swaps start to kick in. We still expect our full year interest expense to be approximately $650 million, assuming no change in our current debt structure. The savings from repricing the $1.8 billion term loans along with our credit swaps offset the increase in LIBOR. However, as Nick mentioned, we are in the process of acquiring additional debt. We did not include any of the new financing activities in our interest guidance. Now, moving on to taxes. The U.S. enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December, 2017 that significantly reduced our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018. As a result, the effective GAAP tax rate was 18.3% for the current quarter, compared to 27.7% in the prior quarter. We are still estimating our full-year GAAP tax rate to be around 6% to 7%, the adjusted tax rate to be around 9% to 10% and the cash tax rate to be between 19% and 21%. Our net income from continuing operations in the quarter increased $46 million or 30% to $202 million, which is 22% of sales. This compares to net income of $156 million or 18% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the lower effective tax rate and increasing net sales partially offset by higher interest expense versus the prior period. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $3.63 per share in the current quarter, compared to $2.79 per share last year. Our adjusted net income from the quarter rose 24.5% to $210.8 million or $3.79 per share from $169.3 million or $3.03 per share in the comparable quarter a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share in the current fiscal year includes $0.41 of favorable impact from the enactment of tax reform. Excluding this favorable tax impact, current earnings per share of $3.38 increased 11.6% over the prior year. Please refer to table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity, we generated approximately $450 million of cash from operating activities and ended the quarter with just over $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. As a reminder, during the quarter we paid $50 million for the acquisition of Kirkhill and received approximately $61 million from the sale of Schroth. This quarter-end cash balance does not reflect the payment of approximately $525 million for the acquisition of Extant which occurred in April. Our net debt leverage ratio for the quarter was 6.1x pro forma EBITDA As Defined and gross leverage was 6.7x pro forma EBITDA. However, we expect this to increase very soon because we're active in the credit market and expect to raise $1.2 billion in new debt. We currently have adequate capacity to make $1.5 billion of acquisitions without issuing additional equity. This capacity grows steadily to over $2.5 billion as the year proceeds. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $15.54. And as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $17.67. The decrease in GAAP EPS was due to the increase in acquisition related costs for our Kirkhill and Extant acquisitions, offset by the increase in EBITDA As Defined. The increase in adjusted EPS was primarily due to the increase in EBITDA. Please see slide 9 for a bridge detailing the $2.13 of adjustments between GAAP to adjusted earnings per share related to our guidance. Now, I will hand it back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Before we open the lines, I would just like to ask each of you to only ask two questions and then please re-insert yourselves into the queue in order to give everyone the opportunity to ask a question. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Nick and Kevin, congrats on the position changes.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Nick, I wondered if you can actually just elaborate on it, I mean, you  the press release states what you'll continuing to do. You listed those items in your prepared remarks but, I guess it's somewhat unusual to see a Chairman remain as involved as those items sound. So am I reading that correctly and can you just elaborate on why that's the transition strategy and exactly what we'll see you doing?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Noah, I don't know that I can say a lot more than we said in the press release. We also have a  I am asking  Halle, is the contract online yet?
Unknown Speaker: Yes. It is.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. We also have a contract. My contract and Kevin's contract which is  you can get on the SEC website now which maybe gives a little more color, but by and large, Noah, what you see is what you get. I mean those are the issues that I intend to stay pretty involved in.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So in four years time we will see you discussing M&A decisions and we will see you speaking to investors.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know how long I'll speak to investors. I am only kidding there. If you look at the contract, what it anticipates is, Halle correct me if I'm wrong on this exact number, either roughly about three and a half years anticipates that I would change to a Chairman rather than Executive Chairman with somewhat reduced duties. But I think the involvement in capital allocation and M&A decisions type of thing, I would think I would be involved for a while, for a considerable time.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Got it. And then in the aerospace aftermarket, in the air transport piece, I guess, if freight is part of that and I guess it sounds like freight is the main reason that that's so far above trend, is that right? And, I guess, what are you seeing just in the pure passenger air transport ex-freight piece of the aftermarket business?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Noah, I tried to give a little color on that in my prepared remarks. The largest piece of commercial transports for the aftermarket is the passenger side. We've said that's about 60% of our revenue, freight is 15%. So it's a smaller piece. The passenger segment is performing slightly better than our original guidance. The freight is performing well above and the interior side is above what we expected. So that kind of gives you the color. The commercial transport passenger piece is performing very well in line with our three year average and slightly better than our original guidance.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Is there anything that's...?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So maybe just to clarify on that, Noah, just for  I'll give you the  the three, when he says the three, you mean the last three that we published.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That was about 10%.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think what we mean is it's a little better.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. So that piece is relatively in line with air traffic growth plus price right now. It's not way off of that trend line.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I believe that's true.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Okay, thanks a lot.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Nick, I wondered if you could just expand a little bit on Extant and the thought process around that model? Is there anything else in the TransDigm portfolio that resembles how that business seems to work and how should we think about the difference between price and what I guess is a  I don't know how you would refer to it, a decay rate or something of that nature, I mean, presumably you get a certain number of those platforms that fall off. I mean, you said it's pretty military heavy, so I don't imagine that's a big rate. But, how should we think about how to translate that business model into the TransDigm that we know?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. We don't want to get too specific on individual operating units, but you're right, there is some rate of underlying decay. It's actually quite low. And you can guess why, it's a question of the platforms and there's a lot of military. We think it's a good solid proprietary aftermarket business with a very good margin potential. I would say when you look at this business, you're buying two things essentially, you're buying a portfolio of product and licenses and you're buying a platform and that's the way you have to look at the value. And I would say if the portfolio of existing products and licenses would generate an okay return, but it wouldn't  we're paying somewhat for a platform that we think can continue to buy these small product lines and licenses.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Does your scale and customer reach help with that value proposition relative to where the business was before I would assume so.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I would hope so, but we didn't value any of that.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks for the color.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I would look that as maybe upside. But there is no value in there for that. As you know, Carter, we pretty well value what we see not what other things we might imagine.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Not what you can imagine? Okay. Great, thanks for the color guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning, guys. This is Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, Kirkhill seems to be a different type of acquisition than what you've typically done. It's a fixer upper and has been a problem for Esterline. What makes you confident that you can turn this business around? And also should we expect to see you acquire more fixer upper businesses in the future?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Let me answer them in inverse order as to whether we acquire more fixer upper, as you know, if something meets our criteria, we look at it as deal at a time. If it's got proprietary aerospace with decent aftermarket, then the question is does the price justify the return, we think we can get there. So I don't know how to answer that other than we surely will evaluate them. We're not unhappy with low performing businesses that meet our criteria if we can get them at the right price. As far as are we confident in it? Yes, we're quite comfortable that we get our PE-like return on it. As you saw, we bought a $90 million in revenue for about $50 million. That's a significantly lower price than you generally pay, but we're quite comfortable we get our PE-like returns out of this and I would think we could exceed that.
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert with Canaccord. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, good morning. And, congratulations, Nick and Kevin.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: I just wanted to first ask, on the commercial aftermarkets, there has been some discussion from some of your peers about a sense that airlines are maybe looking to or airlines are building inventory levels again on spare parts and not necessarily restocking aggressively, but they've highlighted a change in sentiment amongst airlines as how they view inventory and some of their purchasing patterns. And I'm just curious if you are sensing this, obviously the results you put up sort of double-digit for the passenger side are encouraging, but have you sensed a change in airline purchasing behavior that may be contributing to this?
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not that we've seen so far. It doesn't mean that it's not contained in the numbers, but I don't have any additional color on airlines and their purchasing habits and how it's changed or not and any inventory stocking. We don't track that necessarily. We only look at the distribution side and of course our total commercial aftermarket.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And just as a follow-up, obviously, with the announcement this morning on KLX and Boeing, I don't imagine that impacts your business too much directly, but if there's any impact there if you could comment? But then more importantly, it seems like you're reassessing some of your distribution strategy and if you could just talk a little bit about that and moving forward if there's any  does that represents any shift in how you think about distribution for the commercial aftermarket relative to direct sales?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. So with the KLX acquisition, KLX is not a significant partner of ours across the ranch. We do have some limited distribution business with them, but not a significant portion. As you know, they're more of a fastener and commodity supplier or distributor. So, it doesn't necessarily overlap with us. What was your secondary question on that?
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yes. I was just curious if you're changing your strategy around distribution at all or how you look to partners with distributors to maybe just get a little better value in the marketplace?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: The way our model operates is we give autonomy to our individual business locations. So they are the ones who drive the relationship with distribution partners and they are free to reevaluate and look at options in the marketplace. We look at distributing a highly engineered sole source product is unique and brings special criteria along with it. So, we certainly look for opportunities and advantages in the marketplace. We have no ongoing strategy to evaluate and move from one distributor to another, but we let our individual sites make that decision based on what they think is best for their business.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Well, thank you very much and really nice quarter. Thank you.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And congrats as well from me.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So, two things. One on M&A. But, before I get to that, if we look at slide 6 and your slight changes to the expected growth rates for the three main end markets, so commercial OEM, aftermarket, defense, two of those are going up. Is that on volume or is any of that the effect of pricing from the recently acquired sales?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. It's not because of the recently acquired sales; it's because of true volume. We commented on the defense bookings being up quite a bit and that that we believe would help us in the second half on the defense side and the commercial aftermarket with a year-to-date up 13% as we've stated, it's hard to  we moved it up slightly because of that. But it's not because of acquisitions; it's because of what we're observing in the business, base business.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I guess I should also ask is...
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Let me just add, on the acquisitions Rob, that's not to say that there may not be opportunities there. It's just that, by the time you get them implemented and work through the backlog, you're not going to see much of a dip this year.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. But it's mostly volume driven whether it's acquisition or not?
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. I would say the change, in other words, there is no change in pricing philosophy or targets. So, I guess, you would say that's mostly volume driven.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Well, right. But I also know that in your compare when you do the pro formas, you put in last year's sales at the old pricing schematic under the prior ownership as though you had owned it and then this year...
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: What I am saying  for M&A  the impact of the M&A there, whatever we might do, by the time you work through the backlog it likely doesn't impact this year much.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, fair enough. That makes sense.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We didn't take them over until  you're into April already, so by the time you get around to doing something and you're past that...
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Year end of fiscal 2019.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, okay. And then the other question is just with regard to what's going on, the changes to the supply chain being imposed by the OEMs. Does that in any way, shape or form  it's a little bit like a question that was asked earlier, change the M&A opportunity set? In other words, are there more Kirkhills out there because those businesses won't be able  those management teams won't be able to comply with what Boeing is asking them to do and so maybe they are better in your hands or the opposite? I'm just wondering how much of this changes your M&A opportunity what's going on in the industry right now.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't have an answer to that Rob. I doubt it makes much difference, but we'll have to see what unwinds and how it evolves. It would surprise me if it makes a lot of difference, but we'll see.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Would you say there are more properties becoming available?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I surely haven't seen that yet and that's hard to predict.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. All right. Well, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Thanks so much. Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: First of all, on the wide bodies, it seemed like it came in a little bit below your expectations for the quarter. Is this just timing or is there anything unusual there with regard to destocking perhaps from Airbus and Boeing?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I believe it's timing related. We haven't seen any appreciable changes in our shipset content. So I think it's just timing of the changes that have finally rippled through the supply chain to us. I would say that what I've seen on the bookings as well as on the sales side, we see the same weakness in bookings on the wide-body side as we have in the sales. So this is  it's a wide-body phenomenon tied to production rates and timing of programs. This is not a long-term problem for our shipset content.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then, secondly on the aftermarket, you mentioned you are being conservative. It's not got the best visibility, the aftermarket in the second half of the year. But is there any sort of, again, sort of unusual one off things that you might want to call out with regard to what the growth rate could be in the second half?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: There is nothing specific that comes to mind. This is business that's largely book and ship within the quarter so it depends on the need in the market. I will say that as we look at customer or our distribution pass-through sales what we call POS or point-of-sale information, that is up about low double-digits just like our aftermarket is year-to-date. So it seems to go hand-in-hand that the demand exists for our product in the aftermarket and we're servicing it. So this is book and ship business. Largely within the quarter you don't get a lot of visibility out many quarters on the aftermarket side, but it is encouraging. Now that POS information I just gave was, that is for about 30% of our aftermarket business, about 25% to 30% of our commercial aftermarket goes through distribution, the rest of it is direct. So it's a nice leading indicator of what's happening in the market.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, that's great. Thank you.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning and congrats to both of you, Nick and Kevin.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: I was hoping you could elaborate on what you're seeing on the defense side. I thought I heard you say that bookings were exceeding sales year-to-date by over 20%, maybe I misheard that. But if you could elaborate on what you're seeing, is it broad-based, is it kind of confined to one or two major product categories? I remember, in the past you've had like these episodic parachute sales or what have you that...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. We've seen some episodic parachute sales in the past. We've seen specific strength out of a few large programs. So I anticipated this question and went and looked, and we have some large bookings for the future for some businesses. But I would tell you there is strength across the board. I think this is coming not from one or two businesses due to strength in parachutes or a specific program, it's general defense market strength both on the OEM and aftermarket side.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And is it about equally  is it about equal across OEM and aftermarket in terms of the rate of bookings growth versus sales or is it more keyed to the aftermarket? (00:45:21)
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: They're both in the same range of north of 20%.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, wow. And then just as a follow up on the discretionary interiors market, that's been lagging for a while. Do you have any better sense as to what is driving that and what is going to drive a turn in that? Like what's going on...?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I have some thoughts on that. I think, we look  number one, we look at the peers in this sector, and the peers that we follow are seeing something similar. I think there was a lot of rebranding and consolidation in the industry that drove some interior  discretionary interior spend. It was very strong a few years ago for a three-year period, and then we saw weakness as we discussed last year. We are seeing something around guidance which we gave was flat  more or less flat, up a little. That's the guidance we gave and that's what we're seeing. So I don't have any additional color on that. It is also being hit by some wide-body business here as well. But in general, the interiors market, we're performing much like our peers in the industry.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I might just add, if you remember we went through it last year and we posted this. It was running red hot for about three years...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...at an unsustainable rate of growth.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: That's a fair point. Maybe just one last one. I'm curious if you guys have seen any evidence of kind of increased second sourcing across your portfolio, where  whether it's an OEM or... (00:47:14)?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I have not seen an increase in second sourcing with our products. We hear about this in the industry as a whole, but I've not seen any change to the dynamics for our specific industry, highly-engineered sole source products. We're not seeing a change  noticeable change to that.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks, guys. Best of luck.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. Wanted to ask about the adjusted EBITDA margin. So in the quarter they were up around 100 basis points. I would have thought actually, given the mix, the strength in the aftermarket, you would actually see more of an increase. And then it looks like you  if you take the midpoint of your adjusted EBITDA guidance, it looks like you've actually lowered the margin outlook for the year. Is that just layering in Kirkhill?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. The margin decrease in the guidance is a reflection of the Kirkhill and Extant. Those margins are substantially lower than the TransDigm, and they have brought it down a little less than about a point (00:48:34)
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: As far as the mix...
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, go ahead.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: As far as the mix, with our margins, it's kind of hard to move the needle. So, it takes a substantial mix shift up to change our margin numbers.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So they were in line with what we thought they would be.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I guess another one for you, Jim. Tax rate, I know you commented on this year. Any thoughts on what your go-forward rate in 2019. When you have a full year of tax reform, what that could look like, given the interest rate deductibility cap?
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. We think that's going to get basically closer to where we've been historically, not this year but previous years, all right; maybe slightly better, but pretty close to where we've been historically. But we get a nice bump this year with the tax reform, but once the tax law changes take effect next year, I think we're going to get back to where we've been historically.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So around 30% you're implying?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, no, no. Closer to  no, closer in the 25% give or take.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: A couple of points.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations, Nick and Kevin.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Jim, just a follow up on that comment you made. Did you say, Extant's margins were substantially below the TransDigm average...
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm looking at both combined.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And the Kirkhill one is what's giving the dilution there.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's what I thought just wanted to clarify. Then just a follow up on the OEM wide-body slowdown. I guess, it's been a couple of quarters of this kind of timing in inventory issue. So, are you assuming that concludes and what else gets better? I think you're implying OEM growth in the back half of the year. So I guess, what changes worth what you've seen recently.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not positive what changes except that the slowdown will  we will start to lap it year-over-year. So, you will start to see some changes in the comparables. As we look at the OEM order book, we still see some softness due to wide-body. But believe that, the industry as a whole will start to recover in the second half and that we should see some subtle movement there .So, that's all we're looking for. I don't have any better guidance than to say, I  that's what the market would seem to indicate to us.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Drew Lipke from Stephens, Inc. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure. Good morning.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: I was curious as we see greater use of flight hour agreements with airframe OEMs and component OEMs at a fixed cost to the airlines. How do you guys think about the impact of TransDigm over time from this kind of evolution that we're seeing?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not sure what the question is.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Can you repeat the question; we were having a hard time hearing the beginning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Yes. So, as you see greater use of flight hour agreements with both airframe OEMs and component OEMs, where we're seeing fixed cost to the airlines under these fly hour arrangements, what do you expect the impact to be on your business? Are you seeing greater sales directly either to a tier 1 on an airframe OEM on new generation aircraft because of these agreements, and how do we think of that evolution?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're not seeing any changes to the market dynamics or anything dramatic in the channels that we would sell through to reach the airlines and the end customers. So, no changes that we've seen and I don't know how to speculate on how that will impact us. I just fall back on highly-engineered sole source products that have significant aftermarket, parts need to be repaired, they wear out. I don't see any changes to that fundamentally yet in anything that we're observing.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And as we look at vertical integration, Boeing is looking to take or make laboratories on their own for the 737. And as we see moves in-house like that, how does that impact operations such as Adams Rite and your water faucets and systems business? And how do you guys think about that threat of vertical integration?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not sure I see a threat to us necessarily in that. There is always going to be opportunities in the aftermarket and on this vertical integration. I'm not sure I see  we will respond to it as we see it .Right now, I'm not seeing any changes. Again, sole source highly-engineered products they have to get them from someplace. We'll be ready to supply as the market needs dictate and will respond to it as we see it. I don't know how  without wildly speculating on things that I don't really understand or know how they will change, I don't know what to say beyond that.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Nick, just a quick one; and congrats to both of you also. Nick, any changes in kind of your discussions with Boeing on their partnering for success, or any update there you could give us.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It continues. The discussion continues. We're moving along in sort of a typical kind of negotiation. I think whatever concludes, it's unlikely that we'll say anything about it as we did before. These typically conclude with the confidentiality agreement.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And I suspect this will be the same.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick one, just we've heard some other suppliers talking about the impact of higher commodity prices. Could you just remind us how that  how the price cost mix? I assume a lot of it's pass-through for you, but (00:55:32)
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: A lot of it is pass-through, and we've seen some commodities moving price and others go in the opposite direction. I think we're not observing across the board a runaway on commodity prices. Again, we are in a highly value-add environments with our highly-engineered products. So, we tend to see commodity changes and then  of course, that is an opportunity to value price as well, as you go forward. But we're not seeing runaway prices on the commodity side driving any change in behavior internally for us or with our customers.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think just mathematically, given the diversity of our products, I don't think there's any one commodity that can materially impact that  can (00:56:32) make a material impact on it (00:56:33)
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I agree.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks. Nice quarter, guys.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, and good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Look, when you guys talk about a tax rate in the 25% range, does that include the foreign direct intangible credit?
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know the answer to that question.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Last quarter we said that our tax rate is going to be with the impact of tax reform, somewhere a little bit higher than the statutory rate of 21%. We didn't give an exact range. But depending on  we're intending to do a new (00:57:28) financing and we'll see what that impact is. But it will definitely be lower than what our historical rate had been, but just slightly above the 21% range.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So closer to the 21% and 25%.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: In somewhere within that range, 21% to 25%.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Plus state. You got to add a little bit more for the state tax. That's just a final (00:57:52)
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Excellent. Great. Thanks. And then, just one follow up, something I've been curious or probably should have known already. Kevin, in the operating model when you guys operate and integrate decentralized way, do you guys spend much time focusing on trying to leverage the information about customers that you have in one part of the business to use another parts of the business, to go out and find opportunities for sales?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Leverage is maybe not the right word. We share information as is necessary to help develop products and respond to the needs of our customers. Leverage isn't the right word there; necessarily, it has other connotations. But yeah, we work together, we share information, we have quarterly meetings where people address what they're seeing in the marketplace and request from specific customers that might be of interest. That's what we do. We definitely share information. We're not trying to reinvent the wheel as you go site-by-site.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. Just was curious about a few other things. Going back to Kirkhill, the seller there specified kind of in detail that the reason it was loss making was, there was a decent amount of competition, there was a decent amount of bill to print work, and there wasn't very much aftermarket. And so, are your comments that are pretty counter to that, that you can change those things or are you actually just disputing that assessment of the business?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We just have a different view of that, Noah.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I guess, I just leave it at that.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Of the business as it is today.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. On the interest expense guidance reiteration, is that margin to market for LIBOR today, and the reiteration is just the changes you've made to structure and rate?
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. Yes, that reflects the current LIBOR rate.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Didn't you step it up some? I remember... (01:00:13)
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We stepped it up. Yeah, yeah.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It steps up through the year.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. We are averaging 1.8% LIBOR is what we have in our guidance. (01:00:22)
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Last quarter we said 1.7%, it's going to step up to 2.4%
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's where you figure it will be by the end of the year?
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: By the end of the year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Interesting.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And Noah, as Jim mentioned, the hedges kicking in too.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Right. Okay. Great. And just one other, if I could. In the defense business, the bookings strength that you've noted, what kind of conversion time do you expect from that booking strength?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We allow our businesses to book out a year and a half to two years. So it takes a little while. It's all program-specific shipments and orders, so it could take a little while to see all that convert.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's kind of interesting because you've raised to mid-single-digit growth for the year, so you'd have to be kind of through  kind of above 5% in the back half of 2018 to be at, call it, 5% for 2018. So you're sort of guiding to an acceleration in the growth rate back half of 2018 versus second quarter, but it sounds like that's despite this booking strength really being more of a 2019 event. Am I calculating that right?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think some of the bookings could be in 2018. Certainly, most of them will be in 2019. That's the booking profile that you have on the defense side. It tends to go out a little further. We will believe in raising our guidance to the mid-single-digit range. We anticipate some strength in the second half, that's right.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's just math.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. Great. Thanks so much.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, and I'm showing no further questions at this time, and I'd like to turn the conference back over to Liza Sabol for any further remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'd like to thank you all for calling in this morning again. We would like to remind you to look for our 10-Q sometime no later than Monday, May 7. Thanks, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference call. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc. Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2018 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liza Sabol from  Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2018 first quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, James Skulina. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks, and replay information will be contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. It should also be noted that our Form 10-Q will be filed tomorrow and will also be found on our website. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that the statements made during this call, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC, available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We would also like to advise you that, during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release or a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and the reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks again for calling in. As usual, I'll start off with a quick review of our consistent strategy. I'll then summarize the first quarter of 2018. Kevin will review the key operational and market issues for the quarter. And Jim will then run through the financials and also discuss the near-term impact of the new tax law. As you may have seen, Terry Paradie, our former CFO resigned for personal reasons in early January. Jim Skulina, who is on the call today, has agreed to fill the job until we find and are comfortable with the new CFO either internally or externally. Jim is with TransDigm for 23 years and has extensive experience at the senior level, both as an operating and as a financial executive for the company. For the last six years, Jim has been an Executive Vice President Group Officer responsible for a number of our larger operating units and acquisitions. In addition to other responsibilities, Jim has also been the Corporate Controller and Operating Unit President through his career with TransDigm among other jobs. We are lucky to have Jim willing and available to take this job on. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize why we believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, over 3/4 of our sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider, over half of our revenues and much higher percent of our EBITDA come from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced higher gross margins and relative stability through the cycles in the downturns. Our longstanding goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation, as well as the careful management of our balance sheet. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we employ a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology based upon our three value driver concepts. Third, we maintain a decentralized organizational structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit with our focused strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for allocation of capital. To remind you, we basically have four, and our priorities are almost always as follows: first, to invest in our existing business; second, to make accretive acquisitions, consistent with our strategy and our tough return requirements; third is to get the money back to the shareholders, either through a special dividend or stock buybacks; and fourth would be to pay down debt. Though, still, given the low cost of debt especially after tax, this remains likely our last choice in the current capital markets. In the last three years, you've seen different business conditions and examples of how we deal with them. In 2015 and 2016, we saw a number of attractive acquisitions, and we bought about $3 billion of proprietary aerospace businesses. In 2017, attractive candidates were fewer and far between. Accordingly, we chose to allocate about $3 billion of our capital to return to the shareholders. We did this through a mix of primarily special dividends, but also some opportunistic stock buybacks. We'll see what the full year of fiscal 2018 brings. But as we've done consistently in the past, we'll allocate our capital in the manner we think has the best chance to maximize the return to our shareholders. Now, to quickly summarize Q1 of fiscal year 2018. Our Q1 operations that is revenue and EBITDA as adjusted were right about on our expectations. They were roughly 23% and 22%, respectively, of our full year guidance, about the same percent as they have been in prior years. To remind you, there are about 10% less shipping days in Q1 versus the average of the other three quarters. Our Q1 earnings per share both GAAP and as adjusted are both up very substantially. This is primarily the result of the new tax law. Jim will review this in more detail. As I'm sure you are aware, many of the implementing rules and regulations have still not been finalized. So, we will be reticent to get too specific at this time, especially beyond fiscal year 2018. We do expect to generate roughly $70 million of additional cash in fiscal year 2018 as a result of the new tax law changes. Now, on a same-store basis versus prior Q1, in the commercial transport aftermarket which makes up the vast majority of our commercial aftermarket, Q1 versus the prior year was up just about 11%. Business jet and helicopter revenue growth was softer, and this pulled the overall average for commercial aftermarket down to about 10%. Commercial OEM revenues were roughly flat versus the prior year. Defense revenues were also about flat. However, incoming defense bookings were substantially up versus the prior year. Kevin will expand on all this. Although one quarter doesn't make a trend, we feel good about the start of the year especially in the commercial aftermarket. We completed the sale of Schroth at the end of January for about $60 million in cash to Perusa Partners, a midsized PE firm located in Germany. This is not a great outcome. But given the overall situation, we believe it was the most prudent and practical approach to get this behind us and to move on. With respect to acquisitions, we continue looking at opportunities. The pipeline is active. We've been looking at a lot of opportunities recently. Closings are difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on the value opportunities that can meet our tight PE-like return requirements. Without any additional acquisition or capital structure activity, we now expect to generate closer to $1 billion in cash from operations after considering the cash impact of the new tax law. As we said in the last earnings call, as long as our outlook continues to be comfortably in the range, we don't intend to adjust our guidance quarterly. Since it seems too soon in the year to draw any conclusions, we're leaving our revenue and EBITDA as adjusted full year guidance unchanged. If the business situation looks similar at the end of Q2, I expect we may well adjust our full year guidance at that time. The increase to the net income and the EPS guidance are due to the new tax law's estimated impact. The savings and interest expense from our recent refinancing, we are estimating to be roughly offset by a modest increase in the LIBOR rate. In another words, the actual rates we pay so far are holding about flat. Jim will give a little more color on this. In summary, Q1 was a good start for the year. So, far fiscal year 2018 looks positive. But in any event, I'm confident with our consistent value-focused strategy and our strong mix of business we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our shareholders. And with that, let me hand it over to Kevin.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. As you've seen, Q1 of fiscal year 2018 was an encouraging start to our fiscal year. Now, to review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year of 2017. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket as usual. In our commercial OEM market, Q1 fiscal year 2018 revenues were about flat when compared to the Q1 of fiscal year 2017. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up most of our commercial OEM business, were down slightly when compared to the prior-year period. We continue to believe inventory management by our OEM customers, much of which appears due to rate reductions on wide-body platforms or simply slower ramp-ups on new wide-body platforms, have created headwinds in the commercial OEM market. As was the case in 2017, commercial transport OEM sales can be up and down quarter-to-quarter. But, at the core, no significant changes in chipset content have occurred. So, any softness is simply timing related. Business jet and helicopter OEM revenues make up about 15% of our commercial OEM revenues. Revenues in this market were up high-single digits in Q1 when compared to the year-ago period. Q1 bookings were up even more, positive for sure, but too soon to tell if sustainable, but not dissimilar to what others in the industry are reporting. Now, moving on to our commercial aftermarket business; total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by about 10% in the quarter. Commercial transport aftermarket, which makes up about 85% of our total commercial aftermarket, revenues in Q1 fiscal year 2018 were up almost 11% over the prior-year period. This revenue increase was driven by strong performance in the freight aftermarket where both our proprietary Telair Europe powered freight handling equipment and our less proprietary nets and containers businesses all demonstrated growth in the quarter. This is not a surprise given the results reported on the freight market from others in the industry. For our discretionary interiors aftermarket, a return to modest growth was a welcome change in Q1 of fiscal year 2018. However, although Q1 was better, we remain cautious on this market segment after a prolonged period of robust growth and a lack of visibility of new interior retrofit programs. Finally, for the business jet helicopter aftermarket, which accounts for the final 15% of revenue in our total commercial aftermarket, sales were up in the low-single digits in Q1 of fiscal year 2018. Business jet takeoff and landing cycles have continued the modest improvement from prior quarters, an encouraging sign albeit still well off of the peak of the 2007 timeframe. The aftermarket in this segment tends to go through OEM as we've discussed previously. And as such, we do not have the same insight into this piece of the market. However, looking forward, some level of cautious optimism is required. To summarize on our total commercial aftermarket, our passenger segment is demonstrating continued strength; the freight segment now showing solid performance for all of our business units; our discretionary interiors markets have shown an improved Q1 of fiscal year 2018, but stability in this market is as yet elusive. Business jet and helicopter aftermarket, there are favorable usage metrics in the industry, but we feel it's too early to tell if this will continue. Now, let me speak about our defense market which remains relatively unchanged at about one-third of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, were about flat versus prior-year Q1. Modest timing-related delays lowered our defense OEM shipments, while our defense aftermarket business grew slightly. Today, defense bookings continue to provide an encouraging narrative as bookings for OEM and aftermarket both expanded by greater than 20% in the quarter. Defense market strength can at times be due to only a few businesses. However, revenue and bookings are well distributed and appear to be coming from most businesses in the total defense segment. As always, lumpy bookings and shipments like these are common in the defense market, and caution must be used in forecasting off of a few data points. Specifically, these strong bookings are not a direct tie to Q2 shipments. Moving to profitability and on a reported basis, Jim will provide more on the numbers, but let me touch on operating margin for TransDigm. The EBITDA As Defined margin for continuing operations came in at about 47.4% of revenues for Q1 of fiscal year 2018, an improvement year-over-year of just under 1 percentage point for the same period. Margin improvement progress is always a focus for us and indicates that our base business continues to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. A few examples. Recent product line acquisitions of Preece, Cablecraft and North Hills are being integrated into AdelWiggins, AeroControlex and Data Device Corporation respectively. These relocation integrations are an important part of our acquisition value-creation strategy, especially for product line acquisitions such as these. All of these moves will be completed within the year. Additionally, in an ongoing effort to streamline and improve our cost structure, we periodically take the decision to consolidate some manufacturing locations to better drive organizational focus and productivity. We have recently announced the closure and relocation of our Dukes facility in Northridge, California to our Aero Fluid Products business in Northeast Ohio. This move will allow us to lower costs and leverage our customer relations and expertise to further grow what will become a product line for our Aero Fluid Products business. Finally, let me speak to our organizational structure very briefly. As you are aware, Jim Skulina has accepted the role of Chief Financial Officer for TransDigm and, in doing so, has created a hole in our Executive Vice President leadership for our operating units. To backfill this need, we have promoted the following two individuals from within our President ranks: Alex Feil, who has been with TransDigm since 2002, working initially in sales in a number of business units before ultimately becoming the President of Schneller; and Rodrigo Rubiano, who has served as the President of Whippany Actuation Systems for the past three years. Both have been promoted to EVP, Executive Vice President, and will have a collection of business units reporting to them with Rodrigo eventually moving to Europe as our European EVP. This action will provide TransDigm with capacity to grow and take on future acquisitions and ensure culture carriers are in place for future succession needs. So, let me conclude by stating, all in all, Q1 of fiscal year 2018 was another solid quarter for TransDigm. Focus on our value drivers of profitable new business, productivity and value pricing and the successful integration of our recent acquisitions will set us up for a strong 2018. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Skulina.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. I'd like to expand on a few items included in our quarterly financial results and provide some color regarding the impact from tax reform. First quarter net sales were $848 million, up $34 million or approximately 4% greater than the prior year. Our first quarter gross profit was $477 million, an increase of 7%. Our reported gross profit margin of 56.2% was 1.6 margin points higher than the prior year primarily due to lower non-operating acquisition-related costs, the strength of our proprietary products and a favorable product mix. Our selling and administrative expenses were 12.6% of sales for the current quarter compared to 12.5% in the prior year. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $15 million, up 10% versus the prior quarter. This is primarily a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt of $11.9 billion in the current quarter versus $11 billion in the prior year. During the quarter, we re-priced approximately $5 billion of our term loans to take advantage of better rates, decreasing LIBOR to plus 2.75% from LIBOR plus 3%. The expected annualized interest expense savings before fees is approximately $13 million related to this re-pricing. However, LIBOR has increased since our last earnings call. So, we are now currently assuming an average LIBOR of about 1.7% for the full year instead of 1.3%. The 1.7% assumes LIBOR rates approach 2% by the end of our fiscal year. As a reminder, once the rates hit 2%, our credit swaps start to kick in. To analyze the impact of increasing LIBOR rates, there is an interest rate sensitivity table included in the slides we provided this morning. We are also actively looking to re-price to our loans, should the opportunity present itself. The net impact of re-pricing and related fees was offset by the increase in LIBOR rate. As a result, we still expect our full year interest expense to stay at approximately $650 million. Refinancing expense in the quarter was $1 million compared to $32 million in the prior year due to lower financing completed in Q1 of this year. Now, moving on to taxes. The U.S. enacted the Tax Cut and Jobs Act on December 22 with significantly reduced tax rates in Q1. The statutory federal rate dropped from 35% to a blended 24.5% for our fiscal 2018 operations and to 21% for fiscal 2019 and after. The changes related to interest international operations and other law changes will not impact our effective tax rate until fiscal 2019. The Tax Act includes a one-time repatriation tax on historical foreign earnings of foreign subsidiaries. We recorded a provisional $23 million charge during the quarter for the transitional repatriation tax. In addition, we recorded a tax benefit of $170 million related to the re-measurement of our deferred tax balances related to the U.S. tax law changes. As a result, the effective GAAP tax rate was a benefit of 63.4% for the current quarter compared to a 14.4% provision in the prior year. We now estimate our full year GAAP tax rate to be around 6% to 7%, and the adjusted tax rate is estimated to be 9% to 10%. The cash tax rate is expected to be between 19% to 21%. The impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act after 2018 is a little less clear. Some of the regulations are not yet fully defined. For planning purposes, I would assume our GAAP tax rate will be slightly higher than the statutory rates going forward, as the interest expense GAAP will begin to impact us in 2019. To answer the next obvious question, we do not see the tax law changes having an impact on our capitalization strategy. Debt will still be significant lowering cost (00:22:55) than equity despite the tax changes. Our net income from continuing operation in the quarter increased $193 million or 163% to $312 million, which is 37% of sales. This compares to net income of $119 million or 15% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects a low effective rate and to a lesser degree increases in net sales, lower refinancing costs and acquisition-related costs, partially offset by higher interest expense. GAAP EPS and continuing operations was $4.60 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.41 per share last year. Both quarters were significantly impacted by the dividend equivalent payments paid on vested stock options of $56 million or $1.01 per share paid in the current quarter compared to $96 million or $1.70 per share paid in the prior period. Both payments were primarily related to the $46 of dividends we paid to shareholders in fiscal 2017. As a reminder, the accounting treatment requires this payment to be deducted from the actual net income before earnings per share is calculated. Our adjusted EPS was $5.58 per share, an increase of 121% compared to $2.52 per share last year. This includes a $2.96 per share favorable impact from tax reforms. Excluding the favorable tax impact, current earnings per share increased 4% over the prior year. Please refer to table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconcile GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. We generated almost $300 million of cash from operating activities and ended the quarter with $858 million of cash in the balance sheet. We are increasing our expected cash balance for the end of fiscal 2018 to be between $1.4 billion and 1.5 billion for the lower estimated cash taxes and to include the proceeds from the sale of Schroth. This assumes no additional acquisitions or capital structure activities. Our net debt leverage ratio at quarter end was 6.3 times pro forma EBITDA at the time, and gross leverage was 6.8 times pro forma EBITDA. We still estimate our net leverage in September 30, 2018 will be between 5.6 times and 5.8 times our EBITDA As Defined, assuming no acquisitions or capital market transactions. We currently have adequate capacity to make $1 billion to $1.5 billion of acquisitions without issuing additional equity. This capacity grew steadily to over $3 billion as the year proceeds. With regard to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $15.61 per share, and we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $17.27. The Increase in both GAAP and adjusted EPS was due to the change in estimated effective tax rates related to tax reform. Please see slide 9 for a bridge detailing $1.66 of adjustments between GAAP to adjusted earnings per share related to our guidance. In summary, Q1 was a good start to fiscal 2018. Now, I'll hand it back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, Kevin. So, we are ready to open the lines.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Thanks so much. Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Nick, can I  I thought we'll start on the Aerospace aftermarket. You had a very good first quarter. But your guidance for the year suggests that things are going to slow down from here. Was there anything unusual that you saw in Q1, or is this just a bit of natural caution given it's the start of the year?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think it's just a bit of natural caution, Rob. As I said, if sort of things hang in at the end of the next quarter, it wouldn't surprise me if we moved the guidance up. It's just, after some bouncing around over the last few years, we tend to believe that one data point doesn't  isn't enough to move on yet. But there's nothing quirky about it.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then, maybe as a follow-up, you mentioned you are active in the M&A arena at the moment. Was wondering if you can give us a little bit of color of what you're seeing out there in terms of the properties, if there is anything that's looking particularly strong or weak or attractive at the moment.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Rob, as you obviously  when I say we're active, we're active sort of I guess running around in circles or on a treadmill because we didn't close anything. But I mean, the same  it's the same kind of stuff. Proprietary businesses is what we're looking at. We have two or three or four we've been quite active in, but not substantively different than our patterns in the past.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Welcome, Jim.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Just a couple of quick ones on the OEM piece. I wonder if you might be able to elaborate a little bit more on the timing. I mean, I know we had some wide-body rates that are down. But did you see any destocking of any significance from the A350? I know a couple of other guys have talked about that this quarter.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'll lump that all into a wide-body opportunities pushing to the left and slow down some of the startup. So, the answer is, yes, across the board to the wide-body. Again, on that OEM side, we're not seeing any change in chipset content. So, the opportunities we have continue to grow and expand. It's just timing related. That's what we see so far.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Okay. Great. And on the freight piece, clearly, encouraging to see that bouncing a little bit here. Can you give us any color on just how significant that growth was either in bookings or shipments?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, we don't want to  I was just trying to give you guys some color. We don't want to go through what we presented last year with all the details for the submarkets. It is up nicely. It's not unlike I think the demand in the industry. You've seen the FTK's freight tons shipped metrics out there that continue to grow. I think 2017 expanded at 9%. I can't tie our freight business to that, but just to say that there is both in the metrics and from what other folks are reporting, there's strength in the freight sector and we have seen it in our orders and shipments.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: All right. Thanks, Kevin. I'll hop back in the queue, guys.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think it's fair to say that, if anything, that's probably a little better than...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It is. It is.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys, and thanks for the time. Can we talk about the commercial aftermarket? It was up very nicely at 10%, but your EBITDA grew 5%. So, maybe just mix and what drove some of maybe the more muted profitability growth?
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Kevin, do you want to...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. So, it's a good question. Our profitability was up close to 1% year-over-year. I know that, with the 10% growth in aftermarket, some would feel that maybe it should be higher. As we look through it, the shipments that we had, we were impacted by some margin softness on the defense side that lowered our margins as a whole business. Specifically, I look to the parachute business that we have; our Airborne businesses in North America and Europe. Certainly, we've seen some lumpiness in shipments and that has impacted some margins a bit across the business. Beyond the shipments that we had available to us we shipped, that's the only thing that I can see that might explain or does explain the somewhat lower margin than we would have expected. Some headwinds on the defense side of the business specific to our parachute business, which we've seen in the past can be extremely lumpy and that came to pass this Q1 as well. Now, for the year, in those businesses, I think we still feel confident in our plans. That's just what we saw in the first quarter.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And for our year, we're still comfortable that we get up just a little under 50%.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah that's right. Good point. So, we have a first half and a second half ramp that is not unusual for us, getting close to the 50%, which is in our full year margin guidance. It's ramping over the year as per usual. I don't think there's any concern that we have that there is anything impacting us there.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Sure. Thanks, Kevin, for the color. And then, I guess, just one more. How does tax reform change capital deployment? Does it  how...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Can you speak up? We can't hear you. Could you speak up a little?
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Believe it or not, Nick, I'm yelling. But I always come off...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: All right. (33:28).
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: I'm loud. But how does tax reform change and interest rate deductibility change your acquisition hurdles from here?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Is the question, just to be clear I have it, how does the tax rules, the change in tax laws change our acquisition criteria?
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Yeah, exactly.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think it changes it at all. I mean, we go through the same math we always go through, maybe you pay a little net more for interest, but on the other hand, you pay less taxes in total. I doubt if it has any material impact.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell from RBC. Your line is now open.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Just to follow up on the transport OEM sales decline, any  are you seeing any change in the portion of your sales that are sole sourced or are their pricing dynamics , or I'll just ask, as most of your biggest content programs are probably seeing increases in production rates, so anything else there that we should be thinking about?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Nothing that I can put my finger on. No changes in chipset content. No change to sole source position. No changes. It's very clear as I look across the business, there's really nothing to report there.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And maybe just another one on tax and how it might impact M&A; is it changing seller expectations in any way? I don't know if private companies are seeing better after-tax cash flow and that changes their willingness to sell. Is it impacting the M&A market in any way like that?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: This is Nick, Matt. Not in a  I mean, if it is, it's too soon to tell. I suspect  I think that's probably slicing it too thin. I think people by and large make the decisions for sort of more macro issues than that, but it's too soon to tell. But I'd be very surprised.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, and good morning. Nick, can you update us on the status of your partnering for success negotiations and when you expect to conclude them?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean I can tell you where we stand, which is, we really  there's no great progress going forward. We're in periodic discussions. The contract runs out at the end  Kevin, I want to say calendar year 2018.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Calendar year 2018, right? Not fiscal year 2018. I suspect there'll be little to report until we get very close to that. And we will still have the issue; if you recall, they typically conclude with a mutual confidentiality agreement which says you can't report a lot anyway.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. That makes sense. Thanks. And then, on the  it sounded like things were kind of tracking to your expectations in the interior retrofits business. But I was wondering kind of when you thought you might start to get some better visibility there given that I would think it's one of your aftermarket businesses that has a relatively large backlog relative to sales.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I think, as the year progresses, we'll get more visibility on backlog, orders, business, as it splits out. There's a lot that the teams are working on, on retrofits and fleet upgrades that continues to be promising. So, time will tell as the orders are booked and placed. But there's a lot of activity. I think it's probably safe to say, I mean, we gave some rough guidance in the beginning of the year. We really don't see any need to change that now.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Rajeev Lalwani from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for the time.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Kevin, a question for you on the aftermarket front. Are you seeing a growing incidence of interactions with Boeing at all as a customer there just given their push to take over some of the maintenance and procurement activities of some of the airlines?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I would say we're not seeing any activity there that is any different from the past. Nothing that I'm aware of.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just a clarification or a quick question on the tax side. Can you maybe just go over what you're expecting the tax rate to be going forward? I think, before, you're highlighting no real benefit from tax reform, but that seems to maybe have a changed a bit. Maybe I'm just misreading what you guys are highlighting now.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Let me try  at least, I'll just answer the cash. And, Jim, you can answer the rest of it. I think, as we said, we expect $20 million extra cash this year in 2018. So, that's one clear benefit. And, Jim, do you want...
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, is your question 2018 or 2019 going forward?
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, more of the rest of fiscal 2018 and then just on a go-forward basis of 2019 and beyond, both tax rate and maybe from a GAAP perspective and then a cash perspective.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's a little bit hard to forecast 2019 and forward. All the regulations aren't yet fully defined. We believe it's going to be slightly higher than the statutory rate of 21%. The interest rate cap of 30% EBITDA kicks in, in 2019 to 2021. That's going to be  that's the piece you should probably take a look at that will impact us the most. But it's still going to be down from where it has been historically. So, it's still going to be positive for TransDigm. So  if you're going to  for planning purposes, slightly higher than the statutory rate of 21% is what I suggest you use.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And I think it's safe to say, Jim, that we will be reasonably significantly (00:39:59), correct.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Versus what it would have been otherwise.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ken Herbert from Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: I just wanted to ask first, on the defense side, I mean, you highlighted or called out some really strong bookings for both the OE and the aftermarket. Can you just remind us again maybe how the business splits on the defense between OE and aftermarket or maybe what portion of your sales are book and ship? I mean, it sounded like you were clearly not wanting to get too excited about the bookings, specifically, as it relates to the second quarter. But how should we think about this from a timing standpoint or the business mix?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, you asked a few things there. Let me  just to  for the split of OEM and aftermarket for defense business, it about splits like the rest of our business, 40%, 60%; 45%, 55% about on with the rest of the business of OEM being slightly less than the aftermarket.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: What were the follow-up pieces to your question again? Can you repeat those?
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Just how much of the businesses is book and ship perhaps or what's the timing with the really strong bookings because it sounded like you were a little cautious about direct read-through to the second quarter?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I do that because sometimes we give more  we try to give some bookings guidance and there's always confusion about when that will come in. We book  we allow our businesses to place orders that  or put orders into the booking system that are due in the next two years. So, on the defense side, you have a lot more planning into the future on both the OEM and aftermarket side. So, I was cautious that I wouldn't expect Q2 to go up some dramatic number. We're confident with our guidance on the defense side, and we see the opportunities coming in and the order book seems to support that. That's  it's just caution as well as the timing of defense orders and when they're due to be shipped.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I think, Kevin, we don't know that we can draw any conclusion versus our year yet other than it's  you got to look at it as a positive rather than  it's a kind of a favorable data point.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah. And if I could just one on the commercial aftermarket, I'm just curious with the OEM sort of getting maybe a little bit more aggressive on the aftermarket airframe OEMs. Has anything changed in your thinking or philosophy around distributors and maybe the types of distributors you use or for your aftermarket business going direct versus distributors?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We use distributors significantly in aftermarket. That is something that I think will continue. We always evaluate our relations on a business unit by business unit. But as a company, TransDigm, we do not direct our business units what to do. They have that local autonomy that we encourage as a key part of our culture. So, they make decisions on what's best for their business. The major distributors that we track and sometimes report on, they only make up 25% to 30% of our business. So, we already take a considerable amount of our aftermarket business direct. So, moving distributors is a small part of the aftermarket business and is really up to the individual business units to decide on. That's what we see and how we drive the business.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you very much, Kevin.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Nick, I may have missed this. But did you give details on the commercial aftermarket bookings? I know you talked about the strength in defense on the OE and aftermarket. But any color on how the commercial aftermarket trended in the quarter?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. The bookings  we didn't talk about it. The bookings are  we didn't give a specific number. But the bookings are coming in ahead of the revenues...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: The book-to-ships is up.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay. And then, just sticking with the aftermarket, we're seeing a lot of provisioning strength in the marketplace on some of the newer platforms. You obviously had a good growth this quarter. I know you're hesitant to change anything for the rest of the year. But are you seeing any  on some of your products where you have positions on those new airframes? Are you seeing any provision-related growth in that aftermarket?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. Generally speaking, provisioning  initial provisioning is not a significant piece for us. And so, we don't see provisioning as a headwind or a tailwind to any given quarter or year.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. And then, just last one. Any color on the defense booking strength, specific product lines or platforms?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's largely spread across our business units as well. In the past, we had called out a unit here or there that had significant bookings in a quarter, and that's not been the case. It is nicely spread both on the bookings and shipments across all of our business units  or most of our business units, I should say. And so, it's nicely spread. It's not due to one program or one product or one company.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Perfect. Thanks a lot, guys. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Nick, can you comment on your comfort with leverage here? Just in terms of  in the past, I think you've talked about willingness to go to seven or eight times for the right acquisition. Is that still your level of comfort given tax reform in the market and where we are in the cycle?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think the tax reform changes my view on that. I mean, the fundamental question  the fundamental issue there is that debt is very substantially cheaper than equity on an after-tax basis. And to the extent you're comfortable carrying it, which a business like this should with its stability you ought to be very biased on the debt side, if you want to maximize the equity return. I don't think the tax law changes that. I think it's a fairly small tweak in the calculus there. What was the other question? On the leverage level, I would say, as a practical matter, in the marketplace, you've been limited to around seven times in the last probably year or so. That may be loosening up a little bit, but it's too soon to tell.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And you mentioned an active M&A pipeline. Are you seeing larger properties than that pipeline that's in your criteria...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I would say more are typical size range of stuff.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I can't say there's any  I can't say there's disproportionately large group of candidates.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. And is it mostly private or there are also some public?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: All of the above.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Which does not  as I say all the time, predicting closing rates or closures is very difficult.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Understood. Last one for you, Nick. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about your plans, this comp agreement that goes a number of years and just what do you see kind of in the next five years do you expect to be with the firm and in the same role or if any of your thoughts have evolved on that.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I don't think my thoughts have changed from all the things I've shared with people. As you know, I have a contract that runs out through 2019, and that contemplates at some point I would transition into a role like, say, an Executive Chairman that would be probably maintain a reasonable amount of responsibility for capital allocation, M&A activity and things like that. I don't think my thoughts have changed on that. I'm in no hurry to get out of here and no hurry to disengage.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning. How do you think about the risks and the opportunities prevented from Boeing potentially forming a JV with Embraer?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't -- I can't really assess that. I don't see whether there's any being particular impact us to that. Embraer is one of many customers for airplanes, not disproportionately large or small.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think probably is always risky, but I'll say it anyway. I think we  our content with Canadair is larger than our content in Embraer. Just to put it into context. But Embraer is a good...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good account.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good account  good partnership we have.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: I got you. And then, Nick, last time where you said  last May, you talked about there have been no growth  real growth in commercial aftermarket revenues in terms of pricing  X pricing over the last few years. It's early in the year obviously. But given the start you're off of 10% commercial aftermarket revenues and the way you just said about bookings being up more than that, are you hesitating to raise the guide even they are suggesting it's obviously impossible? But are you hesitant  you raised the guide so soon because maybe you are seeing some pricing improvements and you haven't seen that in so many years that you're hesitant to sort of bank on it?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: All of it. I never said we weren't seeing pricing improvements.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: I thought you're saying that there was no growth like X pricing or whatever it was last May?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: What I said is across the industry. What I said is, last year, we went through a road show and also posted it up on our website a look at the organic growth across the industry and for ourselves, and we concluded that, over the last five years, if you strip out price, the commercial aftermarket in total growth was de minimis. I guess that's what you're referring to.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes. I guess I misinterpreted that, but...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't  just to be clear  I don't think we ever said that there was particular pricing pressure.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It was the underlying real growth and we saw that across the whole industry when we went through all the public comps of our competitors. I would say 10% is obviously better than that. The prices aren't up 10%. So that's obviously is real growth. And are we a little wary because of the volatility in the last three or four years? Yeah, we are. Hopefully, that's not to say that we would very much like to be wrong, and I think we feel quite comfortable with our guidance. And as I said, if it hangs in pretty well, it wouldn't surprise me if we bumped it up next quarter.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: I got it. Thank you very much.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But we're reticent  as we said at the beginning of the year, unless our guidance changes outside of the ranges, we're going to stick with our original guidance until we think we have a material change.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Lipke from Stephens. Your line is open.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe just sticking on that last point there and to your commentary last May about traffic no longer really driving after market volume just due to the impact of younger aircraft. I'm curious, if you look at the number of aircraft that are reaching five years in service, maybe just using that as a proxy, you know it kind of points to double-digit growth in calendar 2017, high-single digit growth in 2018 and 2019. And I think the ultimate conclusion from that was that the aircraft coming on lease was a bigger factor. So it seems like we should be seeing that now. And I'm curious, are you seeing that come to fruition or not and can you just kind of talk around that a little bit?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think you saw the quarter. I would say  and I just want to emphasize, one quarter  one data point doesn't make a trend. But, obviously, what we saw in the first quarter, we view it as a positive.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Yeah, I was just thinking...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I also think as we went through this last year, I don't think this is something that changes rapidly. This age of the  this aircraft over percent (53:48) less than five years and over five years, that doesn't make a step change that sort of a gradual thing is it changes. It'll change fastest if the production rates drop off, that doesn't mean we're cheerleading for production rates to drop off. But, just mathematically, that'll happen. But I think you have to look at the first quarter as a good data point.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: And I think you guys always talk about rolling four quarter averages for your commercial aftermarket organic growth. And I think the last four quarters it's been kind of 4%, and that includes price. And so, I mean, maybe is that a reason that we should point to for the mid-single digit growth maintaining for fiscal 2018 for that guidance?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we gave you the guidance for the year and I think we're telling you is that's the guidance we continue to stick with. If we see  if we get more data points that would make us think differently, then we'd likely adjust it, but as of right now, I think we're comfortable just staying with it.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then just a quick one maybe for Jim; it looks like you restated the December 2016 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings lower and I wasn't quite clear in the release as to why that was, perhaps I missed it, but can you just talk through that a little bit?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Oh, from Q1?
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Yes. 2016, fiscal 2017?
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: All right. Yeah. Basically what we did  from Q1 of 2017, we basically aligned our EBITDA As Defined with our credit agreement. All right? So, when we report EBITDA As Defined, the As Defined is basically per our credit agreement, we found a disconnect in that we were including the FX adjustments for revaluating the balance sheet. So we went back and corrected that.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: In both periods.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: In both periods, so that we had apples-and-apples, correct.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird. Sir, your line is now open.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And Nick, just a quick one on the defense bookings or I guess the environment. Looks like we're going to get another CR extended out into March. Are you guys seeing any impact from that or when would you start to feel an impact if it got extended again?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't  you know, by the time that dribbles down to our level of buy, it's awful hard to see. I would be surprised if we see much.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But the truth is that's going to dribble its way, way down the waterfall before it gets to our waters.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't see much change at least now. If you made some assumptions, it's going to be a substantive dislocation in defense spending and we start to see that, but I don't see people saying that.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, just a quick one, Jim, a clarification. You said net leverage by the end of the year if you did no M&A or any sort of cash to shareholders.
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It was 5.6% to 5.8%.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Which is what we said at the beginning of the year.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, no change.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: No change. Okay. Thanks again, Nick.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of David Stratton from Great Lakes Review. Sir, your line is now open.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hello. Is anyone there?
Operator: David Stratton, your line is now open.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hello?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hello?
David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review: Can you hear me now?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Sorry about that. The question was, given your credit swaps, what do you estimate is the percentage of your fixed debt to total debt?
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's about 74%, 75% fixed.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah...
James Skulina - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks to our collars.
David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review: Right. And then given that LIBOR is increasing. At what point, do you get away from that derivative base protection and transition your balance sheet to more fixed rate debt in general?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You're talking about now a future philosophy, correct? Not where it exists now?
David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review: Right, exactly, if you continue to raise the interest rate?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We'd  I would say we just have to evaluate that, as the situation comes up. I'm very, very to speculate on what we're doing in different capital market conditions until we see them.
David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review: All right. Thank you.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: As of right now, interestingly enough, though the LIBOR is rising, essentially the spread on our debt for variable debt is dropping.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: This is so far such that the net interest paid isn't changing.
Operator: And I'm currently showing no further questions. I would now like to turn call back to Ms. Liza Sabol for any further remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We just want to thank everyone for calling in today, and that concludes this morning's earnings call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC Hunter K. Keay, CFA - Wolfe Research LLC Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC Drew Lipke - Stephens Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2017 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a Q&A answer session instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Ma'am, the podium is yours.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2017 fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. In addition, please note, we expect to file our 10-K on Monday due to the observance of Veterans Day by the SEC tomorrow. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC, available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release or a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning. Today, I'll start off as always with some comments about our consistent strategy. I'll then give a quick summary of 2017, a quick review of the guidance for 2018. Kevin will then review the key operational and market details for both years and Terry will run through the financials for both years. We have a fair amount to cover here today. Again to restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over half of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket sales have historically produced the higher gross margin and have provided relative stability in the downturns. Our longstanding goal is to give our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation, as well as the careful management of our balance sheet. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Two, we have a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology based on our three value driver-concepts. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation issue or a system that closely aligns the management with the shareholders. Fourthly, we acquire businesses that fit with our focused strategy and where we see a clear path, the PE like returns and lastly we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. As you know we regularly look closely at our choices for capital allocation. To remind you again, we basically have four and our priorities are typically as follows. First, invest in our existing businesses. Second, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy and return requirements. These two are almost always our first choice. Third, give any extra back to the shareholders, either through special dividends or stock buybacks. And lastly, pay off debt, but given the low cost of capital especially after tax this is still likely our last choice in current capital market conditions. In the last three years, we've seen three different business conditions and related examples of how we manage our capital allocation. In 2015 and 2016, we saw a number of attractive acquisition opportunities, we acquired about $3 billion of proprietary aerospace businesses that met our strategic and shareholder return criteria. In fiscal 2017 attractive acquisition candidates were few and far between. Given the continuing attractive credit markets and a sharp, but short drop in our share price, we chose to allocate about $3 billion of our capital to return to the shareholders. We did this through both special dividends and opportunistic stock buybacks. In summary, over the last three years, that is since the beginning of fiscal year 2015, we have returned about $3.2 billion to our shareholders. In that same period, we acquired about $3.2 billion of proprietary aerospace businesses. We've fully invested our existing businesses. We kept a healthy cash balance and maintained significant dry powder for additional acquisitions. We'll see what 2018 brings but as we've done consistently in the past depending on the specific business and capital market conditions, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in the manner we think has the best chance to maximize the return to our shareholders. Now, to summarize 2017. 2017 was a busy year. In spite of some distractions in the first half of the year, we kept our eye on the ball. The company exceeded the midpoint of our original EBITDA As Defined guidance from our base businesses by about 1% while revenues were about 1% lower than our original guidance. Versus the midpoint of our most recent guidance revenues were a bit lower. Most of this was the result of moving SCHROTH revenue to discontinued operations. There was also a modest timing shortfall in some commercial OEM shipments. On the other hand, on the same basis, EBITDA was a bit higher than our recent midpoint guidance. On the same-store basis versus prior year on a full year basis, OEM revenue was about flat. Commercial aftermarket revenues were up in the low to mid single-digits and defense was up close to the mid single-digits. Kevin will expand and give you a little more color on this. Our GAAP revenues for fiscal year 2017 were up 10.5% versus the prior year. In general, commercial revenue growth was a little less than we expected and defense revenue growth was a little better. All in all, pretty close. EBITDA As Defined was up 14% versus fiscal year 2016, margins expanded versus the prior year with minimal overall dilution impact from acquisitions. On a less positive note, though no HSR filing was required before the close, the Department of Justice challenged our SCHROTH seatbelt and restraint acquisition. After some discussion with the DoJ given the small size of the deal, the unusual situation in our uniquely substantial position in aerospace seatbelts and restraints, we decided to sell the business and avoid any protracted dispute. We have identified a buyer and in the process of finalizing the arrangement. We do not anticipate any go forward impact on our overall acquisition strategy. You'll see in our 10-K about $3 million of SCHROTH -related EBITDA was moved to discontinued operations. We will have a loss on the sale though in the overall picture wont' be financially material. With respect to acquisitions, we continue actively looking at opportunities. The pipeline of possibilities is reasonably active. We've looked at a number of opportunities recently. Closings are always difficult to predict, but we will remain disciplined and focused on the value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Moving on now to guidance for fiscal year 2018. As we head into 2018, we continue to have some concern about the duration of the commercial transport OEM cycle. However, flight hours and the commercial transport plane backlog in the industry continue to look very positive, which gives us some comfort, but we remain cautious and we're ready to move quickly if the situation changes. For fiscal year 2018, as usual we've given a range around the key financial metrics like revenue EBITDA As Defined, EPS as defined. As long as our full year outlook continues to be in the range, we don't intend to adjust our guidance quarterly. Based on the above and assuming no acquisitions in fiscal year 2018, the midpoint of our guidance is as follows. The midpoint of the fiscal year 2018 revenue is $3.69 billion or up 5% on a GAAP basis year-over-year. This is almost all organic growth. As in the past years, Q1 of fiscal year 2018, the revenues are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters. As a percent of revenue, Q1 revenue looks about the same percent of the total as the prior year's Q1. The midpoint of fiscal year 2018 EBITDA As Defined guidance is $1.83 billion, the range is a 6% to 9% growth versus the prior year on a constant currency basis. Currency impacts as you know are generally immaterial. We do anticipate that margins will move up throughout the year as we've seen in the previous year with Q1 being the lowest and the move should be roughly in line with the prior year. 2017 acquisitions were modest. So the EBITDA growth like the revenue growth is almost all organic. The midpoint of EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be $0.13 a share, up 6% versus the prior year. Terry will go through the details with you on that. On a pro forma or same-store basis, the guidance is based on the following growth rate, commercial OEM revenue growth in the mid-single digit percent, commercial aftermarket revenue in the mid-single-digit percent with the commercial transport aftermarket a little higher than that, and the business jet and helicopter revenues about flat in the aftermarket. So difficult to quantify exactly, we still believe the commercial transport aftermarket demand is impacted somewhat by the high number and utilization of five-year and younger aircrafts. Defense and military revenue growth should be up in the low to mid single-digits. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity we expect to generate about $900 million in cash from operations. In fiscal year 2017, for a number of reasons, we gave considerable additional detail on our various submarket sections, especially in the commercial aftermarket. Kevin will close out fiscal year 2017 with some color on these subsections. However, we do not intend to continue to give the level of additional detail. Through fiscal year 2018, we'll comment quarterly if the subsections look materially different than we originally indicated. In summary, 2017 was a good and a busy year. I'm confident with our consistent value focus strategy and the strong mix of our business, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. And now, let me hand it to Kevin, who'll expand a bit on 2017 and 2018.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. As you've seen, Q4 fiscal year 2017 was a strong quarter operationally and for that matter, all of 2017, which had some significant challenges shaped into another good year. Now, let's review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide color commentary on a pro forma basis versus prior year of 2016. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. In our commercial OEM market, revenues were about flat, when compared with Q4 of fiscal year 2016 and is similarly about flat year-over-year. Commercial transport OEM revenues which make up most of our commercial OEM revenues were up about 1% versus prior year Q4 and by a similar amount for the year. As we explained last quarter, inventory management by our OEM customers, much of which appears due to rate reductions on wide-body platforms or simply slower ramp ups on new wide-body platforms have created headwinds in the commercial OEM market. So, 2017 was an up and down year for commercial transport OEM bookings, but at the core no significant changes in ship set content have occurred. So any softness is simply timing related. Speaking of ship set content and in reference to a program that has been in the press recently, the Bombardier CSeries is an interesting program for the future as our ship set content is significantly greater on this platform than current narrow-body platforms. For business jet and helicopter OEM revenues, which make up about 15% of our commercial OEM revenues, revenues in this market were down mid single-digits in Q4 and by a similar percent for the year as overall global business jet market demand has not consistently improved. Q4 bookings were up modestly and brought the year end flat with 2016 in bookings. Key design wins have positioned TransDigm for growth in the future in this section with platforms such as Cessna Longitude, General Dynamics G500, G600 and Bombardier Global 7000, 8000. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by just under 5% in the quarter and brought the year up to about 3% revenue growth. Bookings, which can be lumpy on a quarterly basis, expanded faster than sales in 2017, and provide some comfort for fiscal year 2018. Now let me provide a little color on our commercial aftermarket business and the submarket segments. We had previously offered additional information on our submarkets to help better explain our commercial aftermarket business. Going forward, we will no longer provide this additional information unless it changes materially from our expectations. As we have discussed recently, we split the total commercial aftermarket into four pieces in an effort to provide some additional color and clarity on this important market for TransDigm. Commercial transport passenger aftermarket revenue is the largest market segment in our commercial aftermarket revenue at about 60% of sales. For the current quarter this slice of the commercial aftermarket business grew by mid single-digits, when compared with the same quarter in fiscal year 2016. And for the year have expanded by upper single-digits, roughly in-line with our previously reported three-year average for this submarket. For the commercial transport interiors aftermarket, which accounts for about 10% of our total commercial aftermarket revenue, Q4 revenues declined significantly and by a similar mid-teen decline in the fiscal year. This discretionary interiors market has had a very difficult year-to-date after experiencing robust growth year-over-year for the last three years. Softness in this market appears due to a decline in various fleet refurbishment projects, not unlike others who have recently reported in this space. Although we continue to win refurbishment and repair orders for the future, recent push outs have challenged this submarket. To-date, we have seen no appreciable changes in our market share in these businesses. For the commercial transport freight aftermarket, which accounts for about 15% of our average revenues in total commercial aftermarket, Q4 demonstrated strong growth year-over-year and helped drive a second half of the year recovery in revenue growth, finishing fiscal year 2017 up mid single-digits. This is encouraging, as it would appear the freight aftermarket is finally showing signs of a recovery. Our proprietary Telair products continue strong performance and our non-proprietary containers and nets businesses have begun to stabilize. Finally for the business jet helicopter aftermarket, which accounts for the final 15% of revenue of our total commercial aftermarket, sales were down low single-digits in Q4 of fiscal year 2017 and by a similar amount for the fiscal year of 2017. Year-to-date, our bookings are about flat with the same period a year ago. There is some indication that this market could improve in the future, given business jet takeoff and landing cycles improvement in recent quarters, but as of yet we are not seeing any recovery. The aftermarket in this segment tends to go through the OEM, and as such, we do not have the same insight into this piece of the market. So to summarize on our total commercial aftermarket, the passenger segment demonstrated continued strength. The freight segment now showing some solid signs of recovery for all our business units. Our discretionary interiors markets have shown no clear signs of recovery, but do appear to be stabilizing. And finally, the business jet helicopter favorable usage metrics are not yet translating into revenue growth. Now let me touch on our defense market, which remains relatively unchanged at about a third of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, which were up modestly versus prior year Q4 and demonstrated a clear improvement of about 4% growth for the year, a solid story in both OEM and aftermarket segments of the defense market. Previously in the year this strength was due to only a few businesses, but as the year has come to a close, revenue strength appears to be coming from most businesses in the total defense segment for TransDigm. Total defense bookings continue to provide an encouraging narrative, as bookings have expanded for fiscal year 2017. Fiscal year 2017 OEM bookings have been bolstered significantly by large multi-year new product bookings for Whippany Actuation Systems on a confidential platform and for Airborne Systems parachute business. As always, lumpy bookings and shipments like these are common in the defense market and caution must be used in forecasting off of a few data points. Moving to profitability and on a reported basis, Terry will provide more detail on the numbers, but let me touch on operating margin for TransDigm. The EBITDA As Defined margin came in at about 49% of revenues for fiscal year 2017, an improvement year-over-year of almost 2 percentage points. This represents a significant accomplishment for the company and indicates that our base business continues to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers and our 2016 acquisitions continue to integrate into TransDigm. Finally, as a statement about our value driver strategy and specifically our ability to capture profitable new business wins in the market, TransDigm was once again named to the Forbes 2017 World's Most Innovative Companies list, an important recognition of our performance and our unique business model in the industry. So let me conclude on 2017 by stating all-in-all fiscal year 2017 was another solid year for TransDigm, focused on our value drivers of profitable new business productivity and value pricing. And the successful integration of our acquisitions made in 2016 have allowed us to deliver another year of outstanding value generation. Now let me touch briefly on some details for our 2018 plan guidance. For 2018, we have the following guidance. Commercial OEM revenues are estimated to grow in the mid single-digit range, as wide-body production rates and related OEM inventory needs stabilize with continued narrow body build rate strength and business jet and helo OEM demand remaining flat. Commercial aftermarket revenues for 2018, we guide to expand by mid single-digits with our aforementioned commercial aftermarket submarkets performing as follows. Commercial transport passenger expands at a mid-to-high single digit range, roughly in line with previous trends for TransDigm. Commercial transport interiors expands at flat-to-low single digits for 2018. It appears that this market has begun to stabilize for us with some recent opportunities for discretionary interior designs for a number of global regional airlines. Commercial transport freight expands at mid-to-high single digits as the freight market and demand for spare parts continues to grow after a number of years of below-average performance. Both proprietary and non-proprietary products should participate in this expansion. Finally, for the business jet helicopter aftermarket, we see a largely flat market, as we expect some aftermarket improvements in business jet to counter continued helo softness. For the total defense market, we are guiding to growth in the low to mid single-digit range. We see defense aftermarket outpacing OEM growth, although both are positive, as replacing depleted military spare parts and any maintenance backlog provide an opportunity. As always, we will focus on our value drivers in 2018 with a number of productivity projects involving plants, consolidation opportunities on the horizon from 2017 acquisitions and routine maintenance of our production footprint. This, along with continued emphasis on new products and innovation and value pricing opportunities, will once again be our focus for 2018. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Before I review the quarterly results, I wanted to give a little color on the financial statement impacts of the SCHROTH divestiture. The income statement activity has been excluded from all line items and condensed to a new line item in the income statement labeled loss from discontinued operations net of tax. This loss of $32 million is primarily the result of the estimated selling price of SCHROTH being at a lower price than when we acquired the business, partially offset by modest operating income after purchase accounting adjustments during the seven months we owned the business. Nick already summarized the key events that occurred in fiscal year 2017, so I will now review the consolidated financial results for our fourth quarter, give a brief fiscal yearend summary and review certain assumptions for fiscal 2018. Fourth quarter net sales excluding $10.1 million from discontinued operations were $924 million, up $49 million, or approximately 6% greater than prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions of Tactair, Young & Franklin and the three product lines contributed $26 million of additional sales for the period. Organic sales were up just under 3% for the quarter. Our fourth quarter gross profit was $531 million, an increase of 10%. Our reported gross profit margin of 57.5% was over two margin points higher than the prior year primarily due to the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure and lowering non-operating acquisition-related costs. Our selling and administrative expenses were 11.4% of sales for the current quarter, compared to 12.7% in the prior year. Excluding all acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation, SG&A was 10.3% of sales in both current year and prior year quarter. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $17 million, up 12% versus the prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase on our weighted average total debt to $11.5 billion in the current quarter. During the quarter, we completed the issuance of $1.8 billion of term loans and drew $100 million on our accounts receivable securitization facility. The proceeds were used together with cash on hand to repay $1.2 billion of our existing tranche C term loans and to fund $22 per share special dividend. Also during the quarter we entered into a new interest rate swap to hedge our exposure to the variable rate of the new term loans including all interest rate swaps and caps approximately 75% of our debt remains fixed or capped. Now moving on to taxes. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 25.6% in the current quarter compared to 26% in the prior year. Our full-year GAAP effective rate is 24.9% compared to 23.7% in the prior year. The higher rate in the current year is primarily due to foreign discrete benefits that were in the prior year that did not recur in 2017. As a reminder, our GAAP tax rate now generally approximate our cash tax rate during an entire fiscal year due to the accounting treatment for excess tax benefits, for share-based payments including stock option exercises and dividend equivalent payments. Excluding the excess tax benefits, our 2017 effective tax rate is 30.5%, the same rate we use for our full-year adjusted EPS. Our net income from continuing operations for the quarter increased $29 million, or 19% to $184 million, which is 19.9% of sales. This compares to net income of $155 million, or 17.7% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales versus the prior period, improvements to our operating margin and lower acquisition related costs, partially offset with higher interest expense. Net loss from discontinued operations in the quarter was $30.7 million, or $0.56 loss per share. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $2.21 per share in the current quarter, compared to $2.70 per share last year. The current quarter was significantly impacted by the $63 million at dividend equivalent payments, or $1.15 per share paid in the quarter due to the $22 per share dividend paid in September. Our adjusted EPS was $3.48 per share, an increase of 6% compared to $3.29 per share last year. Please reference table 3 in this morning's press release which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Since this is our fiscal yearend, let me take a minute to quickly summarize some of the significant items for the year. Net sales excluding $24.6 million from discontinued operations increased $333 million, or by 10.5% to our year-end of $3.5 billion in revenues. Acquisitions contributed $256 million of the increase in sales, organic sales growth was 2.4%. Reported gross profit increased 15% to $1.98 billion and was 56.6% of sales compared to 54.5% in the prior year, improving over 2 margin points. Selling and administrative expenses of 11.9% of sales in fiscal year 2017 is slightly lower than the 12.1% of sales in fiscal year 2016. Again, excluding all acquisition-related expenses, stock compensation and non-operating expenses, SG&A was about 10.5% of sales compared to 9.9% of sales last year. The higher SG&A was primarily related to higher selling and admin expenses of our recent acquisitions. Net interest expense increased $119 million, up 25% versus the prior year. This is a result of the increase in our weighted average total debt to about $11 billion from $8.8 billion in the prior year. Fiscal year 2017 weighted average cash interest rate was 5.3%. The average LIBOR rate was approximately 1% for the full year. Adjusted EPS was $12.38 per share, up 8% from $11.49 from last year. Now, switching gears to cash and liquidity. The company generated $789 million of cash from operating activities. We closed the year with $651 million of cash on the balance sheet and have over $1 billion of liquidity available to us with our undrawn revolver and our capacity under our credit agreement. The company's gross debt leverage ratio at the end of the year was approximately 6.9 times pro-forma EBITDA and 6.5 times pro forma EBITDA on a net basis. Fiscal year 2017 was another good year for TransDigm and our shareholders. As we look forward to fiscal year 2018, we estimate the midpoint of our GAAP EPS to be $11.93, as Nick previously mentioned we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $13.10. As we disclosed on slide 10, there are $1.17 in adjustments to bridge the GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $130 million compared to $118 million in fiscal year 2017. Interest expense is expected to be around $650 million in fiscal year 2018. This estimate reflects the financing completed in Q4 and includes both cash interest and approximately $25 million of amortization of debt issue costs and fees. This estimate assumes an average LIBOR rate of 1.3% for the full year which then yields a weighted average cash interest rate of approximately 5.3%. In our materials we provided this morning is an interest rate sensitivity table that you can use to do sensitivity analysis on the LIBOR rate. Just as an example if LIBOR were to increase to 3%, our weighted average interest rate would increase approximately 0.5% to just under 6%. This would increase our interest expense by approximately $65 million, or around $45 million on an after tax basis. Our effective tax rate for adjusted EPS in fiscal year 2018 is expected to be around 31% and the GAAP rate between 25% and 28%. The main difference in the rates is the estimated benefit on fiscal year 2018 stock option exercises and dividend equivalent payments, that will be recorded as a discrete adjustment through the quarters as options are exercised. The timing of the exercises is difficult to predict, but as they occur, we will reduce our GAAP tax rate along with our cash taxes. We expect our weighted average shares outstanding will increase very slightly, there will be approximately 55.6 million shares assuming no buybacks occur during the year. As a result of these items, our adjusted EPS of $13.10 is approximately 6% greater than fiscal year 2017. In regards to our liquidity and leverage, assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market transactions, we expect to have around $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion of cash on hand at the end of fiscal year 2018. This includes an estimate for CapEx of around 2% of our sales. Assuming no other acquisition activity our net leverage ratio will be between 5.6 times and 5.8 times our EBITDA As Defined at September 30, 2018. We currently have adequate capacity to make over a $1 billion of acquisitions without issuing additional equity. This capacity grows steadily to over $3 billion as the year proceeds. I would also like to discuss a couple other items before we open up for Q&A. As you all know the House Ways and Means Committee released a proposed tax bill last week. We are currently evaluating and we know that there will be changes as it progresses through the congressional process. Our preliminary high level analysis would indicate our cash tax rate would not materially change from where it is today and maybe slightly lower. Finally, our term-loans have been trading above par for a while and we are in the beginning stages of re-pricing some of our term-loans to reduce our interest expense. We will only proceed if it makes economic sense as we go-to-market. As we finalize this endeavor, we'll provide an update to our full year interest guidance and an updated interest sensitivity data. With that now, I'll hand it over to Liza for Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you. Operator, we're now ready to open the lines.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, Our first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Melius Research. Sir, your line is now open.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Hey guys, good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey. Welcome to the new firm.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Hey, thanks. Thanks, Nick. Two questions for you. One, with SCHROTH, what changed in the evaluation there. I mean, obviously, when you bought it, you have the AmSafe business which has a pretty high market share in seat belts. I just wondered, what was it that you learned or in response to the DoJ that changed that evaluation there. Because coming in you definitely already had a pretty  you must have had a firm view to begin with? And then the second question just relates to the 2018 guidance, the freight portion of that guide. I mean, clearly it looks like you were up north of 20% in the fourth quarter. So, was there something one-time in that, because I would assume that would carry through into next year's guidance which was significantly below that. So just trying to square those two together? Thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, Carter. Let me talk about the SCHROTH thing, and then Kevin, why don't you talk about the freight after we get this done here. As I'm thinking though, this didn't require an HSR review. Essentially we went through the analysis before we bought it. We thought it was okay. The DoJ probably from someone contacted them started to question it, they took a different view of the way we defined the market segments. I don't know that we agree with that view, but at the end of the day given the size of the deal and sort of the uniqueness of the situation as I said in the restraint world, we just decided it wasn't worth dragging this out, and we thought it was just more prudent to sell it and move on.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's how it came about.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Kevin, on the freight.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: On freight, we forecast for fiscal year 2018 mid to high single-digits on the commercial transport freight. You're right, we had a very strong Q4. I suspect some of that might have been catch up, but I think we're being conservative and the concern remains that to what extent will the non-proprietary piece participate in that. But clearly freight is an important sector for us in 2018 and looks pretty good as we forecast mid to high.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Kevin, how much of that business is that non-proprietary piece?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's a reasonable chunk of the business.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Okay.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, it's a reasonable size. We don't disclose the individual pieces, but it's a reasonable chunk of that 15% of the commercial aftermarket.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But, I think to say it's not half just to be clear.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, it's not half.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's not half, but, yeah.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Sir, your line is now open.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: First one is really a clarification. I think you said that the cash tax rate you didn't anticipate would change under the new bill. Is that a net basis after including the various pieces and puts and takes inclusive of a corporate tax rate drop from 35% to 20%, you still wouldn't get a net cash tax benefit?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, Myles. That's right. What I think I said on the  what I meant to say just to clarify is that we think our cash tax position will be very similar to where we're at today as we looked at 2017 and recast on the new fees or maybe slightly lower. So what's happening is, obviously, the impact of the interest deductibility limitations has an impact to us, but the lower rate on the rest of the taxable income is beneficial to us. So we think we're going to be right about where we're at today from a rate standpoint.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then the other one, just a clarification, the $900 million you said in cash from operations, that's for fiscal 2018. It's almost a one-for-one match on incremental EBITDA. So what is benefiting you as you move into 2018 from a either working capital or a cash tax basis?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think it's from a  cash from operations we're looking at $900 million. I think that's from a cash tax standpoint, the rate is going to be consistent. We're in the range that we took before. We'll see some of our interest costs go up. And then the CapEx is around 2% of sales, so our free cash flow number should be in the low-$800s million to mid-$800s million for the year. So I'm not seeing anything unusual other than the growth in our EBITDA to be honest with you.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. But I mean it's a one-for-one growth usually, but obviously you've got higher interest and usually your conversion of EBITDA to operating cash flow is about 50%. So I'm just curious, I mean obviously it's a better working capital performance.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I think the interest expense is going to be  it'll take that 50% down a little bit this year on the conversion, but that will drive it. And then we are going to see a little bit benefit of working capital from where we were this year.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just a last one on SCHROTH. Nick, what's the ability for look backs for deals in your past? I mean is there a statute of limitations, timeline, is there anything like that? And then how comfortable are you that this is kind of a one-off situation? Or do you have to put a scrubber to the deals in the pipeline a little bit harder going forward?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I don't  I'd  so I have no idea what the look back rule is. But I would just  Myles, this is a pretty unique situation. If you look at the  if you look at sort of our position in the seatbelt restraint market, it's pretty unique compared to our other products. We rarely see significant overlap when we buy anything. I think this is a one-off kind of thing.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know of any exposure in the back. Surely I haven't heard of any, no one's said anything about it.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. All right. Thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from Canaccord. Sir, your line is now open.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Nick, I just wanted to follow-up on that comment. So is it fair to assume that SCHROTH hasn't had any sort of impact on your screening or as you look at potential M&A activity or opportunities?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It has not so far, and I don't  I would say it's probably unlikely we'd try and buy a seatbelt business. Fortunately or unfortunately, there are hardly any out there. So it doesn't much matter. But it's business as usual. As I said, this is a very unusual situation. There's a set of facts here in sort of the substantive market position we have here.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, okay. No, I can appreciate that. I just wanted to follow-up. You started the call off with sort of commenting on sort of the broad picture in terms of the environment that enabled some of the M&A activity a few years ago. I guess my question would be, as you look moving forward, you still comment on a fairly robust pipeline. But are you looking, in particular have you placed any different priorities on markets you're perhaps looking at when you look at defense versus commercial, either OE or aftermarket? And then as a second part of that, are you seeing anything that might have changed just in availability of assets that might explain part of the lower recent activity? Or is it just normal lumpiness that we should expect on the M&A front?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think it's normal lumpiness. I can say most people I talk to tell me, there wasn't a whole lot in 2017 in sort of the size we did. Of course, there was one big mega-buy. Our criteria hasn't changed. Proprietary aerospace, significant aftermarket. I would say we see more defense stuff now than we used to see. Just as you probably know, defense valuations are higher than they were. And people that had been holding defense stuff that want to sell it are more inclined to try and sell it now. So if you look at the list of things we see, it's probably more heavily weighted towards defense than it maybe was two years, three years ago. But I have no way of predicting whether that's how they'll close or whether they'll make sense to us. I will say the activity, just the number of things we've looked at, and sort of the list is reasonably robust.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, great. And just finally, your preference for assets by market hasn't changed, whether it be defense or commercial?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think so. I don't think so. You know our requirement, proprietary, significant aftermarket, PE kind of return, which you know how we define that. I mean, those are the big, big screens.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. All right. Well, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just a real quick follow-up on that M&A question. Are you seeing any properties that you were interested in just go to other buyers, whether you're missing out on price or something else? Or is it just you're not seeing the ones that meet your criteria?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I don't  look I hate to say never, but I can't think of anything, Matt, that we wanted that we didn't get, that we wanted to go after, which basically says in the last  through 2017, we just didn't see good things of any magnitude that we wanted to buy.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think that answers your question. I wouldn't say  it's not that we wanted to buy company A and we got outbid. That's not what it is.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Right.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're not seeing that.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, okay. Got it. And then, Kevin, you had a pretty optimistic assessment of your defense markets right now. And could you square that with the guidance for low-to-mid single-digit growth next year? Just what's visibility in that market? It seems like there's a lot of activity there, and I don't know if you're being conservative on the outlook. Or what's your visibility on the defense side?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we always try to be appropriately conservative. But, yeah, there is good activity. There is a lot of requests for quote. There is a lot of quoting activity around the ranch, but it's always difficult to predict. And there's external factors with budgets and the like that impact defense. So versus our historical guidance, the up low-to-mid single digits is higher than usual. And that's where we stand with it, with the visibility that we have. Again, things can be lumpy in the defense business and hard to predict.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hello.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Hi, good morning, everyone.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Sorry, classic mute-button mistake. Nick, so the revenue guidance looks to imply 3% to 5% organic. It's a little light of kind of your long-run normalized pace of growth. I'd really kind of have to be at the very low-end of how you define each end market to be at 3% for the total company. I guess, I'm just sort of wondering, if you decided to put extra contingency in the revenue guidance this year, given some of the choppiness and some things you experienced last year.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I guess another way of asking that is do you think we're conservative in our guidance, right, in the revenue.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Well, I know you always are, so I guess the question is actually whether you're incrementally so compared to normal.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I don't know how to answer that because we give guidance that we want to give, but I would say we surely don't think we're extra aggressive here.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Maybe I'll just leave it that. Otherwise no, I'm going to end up giving another guidance number.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. I know, I...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hopefully we don't believe we're aggressive here in these ranges.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's fair enough. I guess the question was more sort of if you just took any different approach after what happened last year with some of the unexpected things in the aftermarket and the like, but I appreciate the nature of the rest (49:55).
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: The organic growth, I think the organic last year was about 2.5%.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: This is essentially all organic now...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So there's almost no acquisition impact year-over-year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Right, right. Okay. Can you tell us how orders in both the commercial aerospace aftermarket and the defense aftermarket compared to revenue in the quarter and the year for 2017?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Kevin, you talked about the year, didn't you? I just don't see them in the quarter (50:33).
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. So your question was on defense aftermarket or total defense business versus...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Looking at back...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Basically trying to get bookings compared to revenues through a book-to-bill...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You mean like a book  no, you're asking like a book-to-bill...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Book-to-bill ratio, yeah, which I think you've given in the past a few times and I'm specifically curious for defense aftermarket and commercial aftermarket, if you had it for defense OE as well that would be helpful, too?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Let me check. If you took a book-to-bill in the defense I would say it's up pretty modestly. I would say in the commercial aftermarket the book-to-bill is above 1 but it's not 1.1. It's kind of in the middle.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And the commercial OEM is probably about flat if you take...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And those are full-year 2017 numbers?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. That's book-to-bill. And I wouldn't  you might get slightly different numbers in the fourth quarter, but I wouldn't draw much from a quarter worth of bookings. They bounce all around.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. I know, I agree. But it's sometimes helpful to know how you're exiting the year compared to the year, but that's helpful for the year. And then just last one for me just to make sure I've button it up for myself on this SCHROTH situation. Am I hearing you correctly that you're not currently actively looking at divesting anything else? You wouldn't expect to be divesting anything else anytime soon? Is that correct?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, we surely, as of right now, we're not looking to divest anything else. That's not to say we couldn't decide some business we didn't like, at some point in the future we could divest.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Right, for a different reason.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Nothing to do with SCHROTH that would make us divest anything else. It would purely be our decision to do it of which presently we don't have any in the queue to do that.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But there is nothing...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...there is no bleed across or additional DoJ activity or anything like that that we know of. Of course, you never know what you don't know.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Right. Just wanted to make sure of that. Okay, thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. No, no, I think we've given you the whole story there.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli from SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Nick, maybe just last one on SCHROTH, would you be willing to give us what the sort of revenue run rate was tracking for at SCHROTH? Just trying to kind of calibrate...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we gave you what came out of it. I think we gave you what came out of it...
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...right. Then you can figure how many months we had it.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Fair, fair. Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not sure it's exactly linear, but you'll get in the ballpark.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Just on the interiors market, I mean I think last quarter you guys  it was still down mid-teens. If it finished down around that range you weren't really seeing bottom. And it sounds like we've hit bottom here. I mean you talked about some new opportunities. Do you think any of the weakness  certainly there were some wide-body challenges, was any of the weakness this year may be tied to just the two big interior guys kind of being acquired or just anything else you can elaborate. I mean it seems like you're going to have some fairly easy comps. We're certainly seeing I think a pickup in some of the retrofit activity that's out there. But any other color you could add?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: A lot of the work we had seen was around rebranding campaigns that had gone on over the last couple of years. And it would appear that we had gone through a lull in that activity. Certainly some of the interior guys were a lot more than others, but I don't really trace it back to specific slowness with them being acquired. I think we all go through peaks and valleys in this largely discretionary market. It is a step-up to go from down to flat to up a small amount, but that's what our teams are forecasting to us. The question was asked earlier, did we change anything in our process as we collected the 2018 numbers, and we followed the same process. We trust our teams. It is true that they didn't see a lot of the interior slowness coming. But they do see indications as we've guided on a flat-to-low uptick in the interiors business. So that's the color that I can give you. We have scrubbed and looked at were there any changes in market share, did someone cleanup at our expense, and there is no real indication that anything like that happened. It's just the particular customers that we worked with, that we generally work with, didn't have as many of these general marketing campaign changes to their fleets.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on the overall aftermarket view, we're seeing a lot of your peers talk about elevated levels of provisioning for some of the new narrow-bodies, even the A350. Do you guys have that level of granularity to see provisioning be a little bit of a tailwind as we move into next year?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. We're not figuring on any provisioning.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: If you see some, that'll be a tailwind.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay. Fair. And then just the last one for me here. EBITDA margin I guess for the year pushing up close to 50%. I mean that would be an all-time high. I mean you obviously aren't going to have any acquisition-related dilution there. It would seem like the value creation story is not changing at all for any of the acquired companies. I mean, what are you sort of thinking long-term for that EBITDA margin? Is there a little bit more runway there?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I think the reason it's pushing up 50%, it's been there very close to that before is because we didn't buy much in 2017. And it'll grind up there, it'll pick-up, or I don't know, if the mix stays the same, there is no mix shift or something like that, you'll pickup a point or so a year. It's unusual that we don't buy something and it sort of averages it down.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right, right.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I still think there is plenty of juice in our value drivers as we go forward. We're not approaching the end of that by any stretch.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Right.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. All right. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning. Just to ask that margin question in a slightly different way. Are there any of the businesses that you've bought over the course of 2016 and 2017 that are  where you're still driving towards the target margin or would you say that the whole company is about at the target margin now and we're just at the place where you go sort of at that 1 point a year pace?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, 2017 there isn't enough to move the needle at all. So we bought a couple of  three relatively small product lines. They're all go along fine, but they're going to be irrelevant to the overall margin. The 2016 businesses are all marching along nicely against their acquisition plan. But I don't quite know how to answer the question. I would say if you take those businesses out, which is primarily Breeze and DDC, they're still marching along very nicely against their plan. And we see no reason to think they won't get to where we planned them. I think DDC, as we said when we bought it as a company that's margins look like TransDigm margins as it stabilizes out, Breeze may not get quite that far up, and all the rest of the businesses, if you run the businesses with the value drivers and the way we do in total, they move about a 1 point a year.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Okay. Great. And then just to follow-up question on an old theme, Boeing obviously increasingly less shy about intentions in the aftermarket, and I think, a lot of us have heard probably about efforts that they have been making to seed more IP in the supply base, are you coming up against that at all. And if so sort of how are you dealing with it?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We have not come across any. We've not had any attempts to take our IP or anything like that. We would be extremely resistant to that. In the aftermarket, we so far  we haven't seen much. We read the same things you read. We haven't seen a lot. Now, we  for Boeing's aftermarket, we're a fairly significant customer to them for their Aviall distribution business. So, we  they get some contribution that way from us.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Okay. But just in your conversations with them, when your sales engineers are looking to sell new products...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, I mean, supplier. At least, we hire them to provide us with distribution service, right.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Maybe that's the best way to put it.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I got it backwards.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. And then are your sales engineers sort of seeing a greater effort on their part when you're trying to sell new products to them to insert more of their IP?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not that we've seen.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not that we've seen, no.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Hi.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: How did he do on that last name, Sheila?
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Well, I'm used to it by now. So, another question on EBITDA growth for you guys. I think, the 7% at your midpoint that you're guiding to growth is sort  is in line with what you've done historically because this is a core clean year. Just wanted to ask about the productivity, you obviously have a very high EBITDA margin. What sort of opportunities are you finding for additional take out of the existing business?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: For productivity, yeah, we still  and I commented, I think, briefly that for going forward we will see some opportunities around some limited plant consolidations. We don't love to do a lot of those things, but as we  some of the product line acquisitions that we did in 2017 moving those into the various facilities. There'll be a number of those opportunities, as well as some rationalization of our manufacturing footprint. We're always looking for those opportunities for routine maintenance, and they do provide nice improvements in productivity. So, yeah, there are a number of those along with our capital spending to drive productivity projects around the ranch. I would say that the productivity deck is as vibrant as ever for opportunities and we continue to find those even in businesses that have been in the fold for a long time.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks for that color, Kevin. And then just one more, another supplier last night noted some changes in just the market dynamics. They said they're seeing an increase in RFPs for content on existing platforms. I just wanted to know if you're seeing any of that, is that an opportunity for TransDigm?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Say that again, I'm not sure I followed the question?
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: They noted that they're seeing a pickup in content because of higher RFP opportunities on existing commercial platforms. So, some takeaways as Boeing and Airbus decided to outsource  in-source. So, I was just wondering if you're seeing any of that, is that a benefit for you, kind of, the...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, we haven't.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: (1:03:47)
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We've not seen that, for sure.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey. Hi, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, Nick. You highlighted in your sort of review of the year that you made some share buybacks in the year due to volatility in the stock price. How do you feel that buybacks going forward. Is it suddenly that you're feeling more comfortable pulling than maybe you would have done in the past?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I think, we just look at buybacks. We look at them just like an acquisition opportunity. I mean, if it's -- if it's somewhat close call against an acquisition, we'd probably make the acquisition. But when they become a shreakingly good buy what they did earlier this year, I think, we bought $400 million-ish, sorry,$400 million-ish.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Rob, if we were in the blackout period and we were stuck with our 10b5filing,we'd probably have bought twice that much, if we could have. It's a capital allocation investment decision for us.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We don't have any rule like hold the shares even or something like that.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. And referring back to the drama earlier in the year and  yeah, all that fun. The commentary about the defense customer, has there been any feedback from the DOD about these issues that were raised?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, as you know, we started down a  or not we  the IG audit. There is an IG audit of the buying agencies, which is pretty common in the industry. If you  it's on the website, almost everybody in the industry gets one of these every few years. That's just moving down the track. They take a long time to complete, and it's just sort of slowly moving along.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then just a final one. On the DOJ acquisition front, have you ever seen this happen before? Is it the first time this has impacted TransDigm?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, we have a  well, I guess, it's the first time we have read something that needed to be in a Hart-Scott-Rodino filing and back into question. We had one stop on a buy from Goodrich about three years or four years ago.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But it wasn't...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. But we don't  it was stopped by the DOJ, but that we don't  frankly we don't quite know why, but it was. This was probably five years ago.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Hunter K. Keay, CFA - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thanks for getting me on the call. How  Nick, how do you define a shriekingly good buy? And what metric do you use to evaluate, to value your stock and how much...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: He knows it when he sees it.
Hunter K. Keay, CFA - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. I mean, is there a metric you actually use, that's like  that's triggered to I mean...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we have our own view of when we should be buying. You see something like, you see the kind of things we saw early in the year. And we bought a bunch of stock at $220 or $225. I mean, it was  we looked at that and said, unless we're miles off, this is a 25%, 30% IRR here.
Hunter K. Keay, CFA - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Obviously, we're heavy buyers in there, I mean, that's the way we look at it.
Hunter K. Keay, CFA - Wolfe Research LLC: With IRR, okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, when it gets closer to  we look at  we're looking for returns on our acquisitions up over 20% on the equity we put in them. When it's getting up there, it's looking pretty good to us. When it's more in the mid-teens return, that's good, but it's not shrieking alternative to making buys, acquisitions.
Hunter K. Keay, CFA - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Whereas I'll say again, at $225 we thought we're not going to see any acquisition that returns to us the way this does.
Hunter K. Keay, CFA - Wolfe Research LLC: Right. So you know it when you see it basically. Okay. That's helpful. And then you brought up CSeries in the prepared remarks, significant content. Can you talk about how much content you have on that program or maybe with Bombardier in general? And do you have long-term pricing agreements in place with them to protect yourself in the event that they make a sort of renewed push down the supply chain for some cost savings?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We do have long-term agreements in place. It's different business by business, but I would say we do have long-term agreements in place. Our content is significantly higher. We don't want to get into the differences in one program to another, but versus current narrow bodies, it's a significant difference. It's a great program for all of TransDigm and many of our groups participate.
Hunter K. Keay, CFA - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. This is Bill on for Gautam. Wanted to follow-up on a couple of the questions around Boeing. I think, a couple calls ago you said PF  your renegotiation of PFS is starting this year. So just wondering where you are with that? And if there's anything we should be watchful for throughout the year?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I mean, it's moving slowly, slowly forward, sort of in fits and starts. I can't say that there's any particular acceleration. I mean the contract runs out at the end of, I want to say calendar year 2018.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Is that right, Kevin?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Calendar year 2018. Usually these go right up to the end.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And are you seeing any different behavior out of Boeing in these rounds? Or is it still too early to tell?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're seeing no difference in behavior this round versus the original one from several years ago. We're working through the details. The teams are meeting on a regular basis, but it's difficult to predict when this will be all put to bed.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just a question going back to the M&A deals in 2016. Have you seen any pushback on post M&A price hikes? Or is your ability to generate value with these acquisitions been sort of in line with what you thought?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We haven't seen any material change in the dynamics in the industry. We've been  we're right in line or in total, I'm not going to comment price versus cost versus  but I would say the price dynamics are right, are fine. No change. And in total, the acquisitions are  at least the two most recent ones in substance are running nicely ahead of our expectations.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then just one last one on SCHROTH. You mentioned you had a buyer lined up. Is this a strategic buyer or a financial buyer?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I don't want to identify the buyer until we're closing it.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Lipke from Stephens. Your line is now open.
Drew Lipke - Stephens Inc.: Hey. Thanks for fitting me in here. Just piggybacking on a question from earlier. If we look at the interiors business and think about the consolidation there that was mentioned and thinking about the sales channel there and Airbus standing up their dedicated interior services division, has that been at all impactful for the trends that we've seen just in terms of the channel with interiors?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not seeing any real changes there. I could be wrong, but the guidance I have from the teams are that there really isn't any change. It's just the timing. And it's not OEM dependent. It's how the teams want to refurbish on what is a very much so a discretionary decision.
Drew Lipke - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then if we think about business jet and you mentioned in the past that it's hard to determine what's OEM and what's aftermarket, just given the channel that it flows through. And we have seen business jet utilization up 3% in the U.S. and 8% in Europe over the last 12 months. And a lot of the OEMs are posting pretty strong aftermarket growth. And so I'm curious has that  have you seen a change in the sales channel within bizjet, given more flowing through the OEM? And that's maybe part of what's impacting your bizjet aftermarket?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think so. The aftermarket for business jet always flows through the OEM. So we have varying degrees of visibility as to what's happening. I would love to see it up more, but we forecast a flat market there for business jet and helicopter into 2018. I think, I alluded to maybe business jet would be a little bit better, but it would be offset by not a great helicopter market, I believe. So, that is what we see. I would love to be wrong about that. We've discussed that amongst ourselves that eventually you hit the bottom and you start to come out of it, but so far we're not seeing a lot of that.
Drew Lipke - Stephens Inc.: Okay. So fair to say, you don't think the channel has been impactful like as we think about, and you mentioned Aviall, lot of your sales with Boeing go through Aviall, and I think, you had some instances where they've required a pound of flesh in terms of distributing more with like Whippany through Aviall, that hasn't been impactful on business jet or interiors?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, not at all. We don't distribute that way in those markets anyway, so we don't go through Aviall for or Satair, you know, the big distributors for business jet, that largely goes through the OEMs.
Drew Lipke - Stephens Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And interiors largely go direct.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Go direct.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Direct to the airline.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Drew Lipke - Stephens Inc.: Okay. All right, thanks. And just last one, I know, your ability to comment here is more limited, but just regarding the Inspector General Audit, your comments previously alluded to the audit being focused only on contracting procedures for certain TransDigm awards. And if you look at the DOD memorandum, it states a much broader objective. I'm curious could you reconcile that for us just in terms of the potential scope of the audit?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know what I'm reconciling. It's hard for me to answer that. These -- we've had these before and it seems to be following the same path and the same kind of path, I see when I read the other ones on the IG website.
Drew Lipke - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: And I'm currently showing no further questions and I would now like to turn the call back to Liza Sabol for any further remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you for participating in this morning's call and again as a reminder look for our 10-K on Monday. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does concludes the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-08-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2017 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following management's prepared remarks, we will host a question-and-answer session and our instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you. Welcome to TransDigm Group, Incorporated third quarter  excuse me  thank you for calling in today, and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Details are contained in this morning's press release on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to our latest filings with the SEC, available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release or a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks everybody for calling in. Today, I'll start off as always with some comments about our consistent strategy. I'll give a little color on our commercial aftermarket business and a few other topics relating to Q3. I'll summarize the Q3 2017 performance and give some color on the guidance. Kevin will then give a significantly more detail on the operations in Q3, and Terry will run through the financials. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and about three-quarters of our sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over half of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced higher margins and have provided relative stability through the cycles. Our long-standing financial goal is to give our shareholders, over time, private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To meet this goal, we have to stay focused on the details of operating management and value creation as well as careful management of our balance sheet and allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple, well-proven, value-based operating strategy based on our three value driver concept. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that is closely aligned with our shareholders. Fourth, we acquire a proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, where we see a clear path to PE like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our effort to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely in our choices for capital allocation. To remind you, we basically have four and our priorities are typically as follows. First, investing in our existing businesses; second, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy and where we see our rigorous return requirements are met; third, give the money back, extra money back to the shareholders either through special dividends or stock buybacks, and lastly, pay-off debt. Given the low cost of debt, especially after-tax, this is still likely our last choice in today's capital markets. Depending on the specific business and capital market conditions, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in a manner that we think has the best chance to maximize the return to the shareholders. To the point of capital allocation, fiscal year 2017 is a slower year for acquisitions. As a result, with our financing announcement of today, we expect to give back to our shareholders in fiscal year 2017 almost $3 billion or between $50 and $55 a share through a mix of special dividends and buybacks. This is almost 20% of the market cap at the start of fiscal year 2017. Our liquidity is strong and the credit markets continue to be very attractive. After this next anticipated payout, we will still have significant acquisition capacity and our acquisition capacity grows steadily through the year. Terry is going to give you a little more detail on that. To update you on a few recent items of significance in the third quarter, first let me address the commercial aftermarket. Commercial transport sized airplanes make up over 85% of our commercial aftermarket. We saw a 7.5% pickup this quarter in our total commercial transport aftermarket, that is passenger, freight and interiors revenues. In spite of a continuing down drag from reduced interior retrofit, our revenues and our two primarily interior businesses. The biz jet GA and helicopter aftermarkets were down significantly in Q3 versus the prior year. In total, commercial aftermarket revenues were up about 5% versus prior year Q3. Year-to-date total, in total commercial aftermarket bookings continue to run ahead of shipments. For the full year, though we could get close, I think it's unlikely that we get to mid single digits full year commercial aftermarket growth. The combined commercial transport aftermarket will exceed the 5% full-year growth and if it was not for the softening discretionary retrofits, interior retrofits, it could be well above. However, the discretionary interior business continues to decline more than we expected at the start of the year or at midyear. Also the business jet and helicopter market is softer than we originally anticipated. Kevin is going to expand on this in some detail. He's going to try a new format. We'll see how it works. This generally follows our recent presentation on real growth. We'll decide in the future whether to continue using this format. As an update on our government business. To remind you, direct sales to the U.S. government make up about 7% of our revenue, that's both directly and through distributors or brokers. The IG or Inspector General office informed us and has now made public that due to congressional inquiry, they have initiated an audit of government buying agency compliances with contracting procedures for certain TransDigm awards. We will cooperate fully as we have done in the past with these. We have been in contact with the IG office to offer our cooperation. As I mentioned last quarter, these audits are common in the industry and are typically audits of the internal government purchasing procedures. I can't comment any more specifically. These audits typically go slowly. This will likely take well over a year to conclude. I will not comment further on this unless we decide public disclosure is appropriate. In Q3, we completed the acquisition of three product lines for a little over $100 million. These product lines are all proprietary aerospace products with significant aftermarket. All three will be relocated to existing TransDigm businesses. To give a little more color, the mechanical actuator product line will be moved into our AeroControlex business in Ohio, the quick disconnect product line will be moved into our AdelWiggins business in California, and the data bus product line will be moved into our DDC business in New York. We anticipate all three of these should well exceed our acquisition return criteria. Our acquisition efforts remain active. The pipeline is, as usual, mostly small and midsize businesses and as usual closings are always tough to predict. A quick overview of the third quarter. On a same-store basis and assuming we owned the same mix of businesses and both time periods, commercial OEM revenues were slightly down. In Q3 versus the prior year, commercial transport revenues were up a little, but the continuing soft business jet and helicopter revenues pulled the overall down. As I said before, the total commercial aftermarket was up 5% in the quarter and is now up about 2.5% on a year-to-date basis. Defense revenues continued to be better than we originally forecast in both shipments and bookings. EBITDA As Defined operating margins were strong and up in both Q3 and year-to-date. We are leaving our full-year guidance unchanged. So far this year, we have increased EBITDA As Defined guidance about $20 million since our initial guidance. This was primarily due to improved operating performance. The midpoint of the 27 (sic) [2017] revenue guidance remains at $3.55 billion. The midpoint of the EBITDA As Defined remains at $1.7 billion and the midpoint of the EPS as adjusted remains at $12.21. On a pro forma or same-store basis, the guidance is based on the following slightly revised growth rate assumptions with minor puts and takes. The commercial aftermarket revenue growth is now anticipated to be in the low to mid single digits versus prior year. Again, the business jet and helicopter market and the discretionary interior retrofit is pulling this average down a bit. This is a modest decrease from our last quarter. The defense and military revenue is up in the low to mid single-digit percent versus prior year. This is an increase in our assumptions from the last quarter. Commercial OEM revenue growth is now anticipated to be in the low single-digit percent. This is also down a little from our original assumption to start the year. The business jet and helicopter market continues down and the commercial transport is a little soft. In summary, Q3 was a strong quarter and the first three quarters of 2017 were solid. It looks like for the full year, commercial revenues will be a little lower than we originally anticipated, but this will be primarily offset by higher defense revenues. And with that, let me hand this over to Kevin.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone. As Nick stated, Q3 of fiscal year 2017 was a strong quarter. Now let me touch on the details of the quarter and provide some color where necessary. For Q3, total company GAAP revenues and EBITDA As Defined were strong, with revenue up about 14%, EBITDA As Defined up over 15%. EBITDA As Defined was strong at 49% of sales. The strength in EBITDA As Defined as a percentage of sales was due to the continued realization of our value drivers concept across our core or base businesses and the continued integration of recent acquisitions. Now, let's review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide color commentary on a pro forma basis versus prior year Q3. In the commercial market which makes up about 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. In our commercial OEM market, revenues were down slightly, less than 1%, compared with Q3 of fiscal year 2016 and down even less year-to-date. Commercial transport OEM revenues which make up most of our commercial OEM revenue were up slightly versus prior year Q3 and by a similar amount year-to-date. As we have said previously, inventory management by our OEM customers, much of which appears due to rate reductions on wide-body platforms, have created headwinds in the commercial OEM market. We will continue to watch trends for any indication of sustained weakness to further modify our cost structure as necessary. Business jet and helicopter revenues make up about 15% of our commercial OEM revenues. In total, year-to-date revenues in this market remain down mostly compared to the same period in fiscal year 2016. No sustained recovery in this market has yet been observed. Although, new business awards and bookings continue for key future platforms such as Cessna Longitude, General Dynamics G500 and G600, and the Bombardier Global 7000 and 8000. Now moving onto our commercial aftermarket business. As Nick has already summarized, total commercial aftermarket revenue and bookings expanded by about 5% in Q3 fiscal year 2017, when compared to prior year Q3. Now, let me provide a little color on our commercial aftermarket business. As we have discussed recently, we split the total commercial aftermarket into four pieces in an effort to provide color and clarity on this important market for TransDigm. Please see the year-over-year commercial aftermarket revenue growth chart on page 6 in our earnings call presentation materials on our website. Commercial transport passenger aftermarket revenue is the largest market segment in our commercial aftermarket revenue, at about 60% of sales. For the current quarter, this slice of the commercial aftermarket business grew by a robust 12% when compared with the same quarter in fiscal year 2016 and year-to-date have expanded at 8%. This compares similarly to our previous three-year average growth at about 10%. Now for the commercial transport interiors aftermarket, which accounts for about 10% of our total commercial aftermarket revenue. Q3 revenues declined by about 19% when compared with Q3 fiscal year 2016 and year-to-date of decline by approximately 14% compared to a similar period in fiscal 2016. This discretionary interiors market has had a very difficult year-to-date after experiencing robust growth of 14% year-over-year average for the last three years. Softness in this market can be traced to a decline in various fleet refurbishment projects. Although we continue to win refurbishment orders for the future, they are now getting rescheduled or delayed and it is still unclear how long this lull will persist. For the commercial transport freight aftermarket, which accounts for about 15% of our average revenues in total commercial aftermarket, Q3 demonstrated robust growth of 9% year-over-year. Q3 was our first good quarter so far this year in freight. Bookings as well have started to accelerate as year-to-date we are up in the freight aftermarket by approximately 18% when compared with fiscal year 2016. This is encouraging, though too soon to tell perhaps the freight aftermarket is finally showing signs of a slow recovery. Our proprietary Telair products are very strong, but we still see weakness in our non-proprietary containers and nets businesses. To clarify then, commercial transport passenger, interiors, and freight pieces make up the commercial transport sub-segment we have reported on previously on our commercial aftermarket discussions. Finally, for the business jet helicopter aftermarket, which accounts for the final 15% of our revenue of our total commercial aftermarket, sales are down about 9% in Q3 and down about 5% year-to-date compared to the same period in fiscal year 2016. Year-to-date, our order book is about flat with the same period a year ago. There is some indication that this market could improve in the future given business jet takeoff and landing cycles improvement in recent months, but as of yet we are not seeing this takeoff, no pun intended. And the aftermarket in the segment tends to go through the OEM and as such we do not have the same insight into this piece of the market. So to summarize on our total commercial aftermarket, first passenger segment is demonstrating continued strength. Our freight segment is now showing some solid signs of recovery for these proprietary highly engineered products. And finally, business jet helicopter and our discretionary interiors market show no clear sign of a recovery as yet. Now, let me speak about our defense market, which remains relatively unchanged at about 30% of our total revenue. Nick has already reviewed our total defense revenues for fiscal year 2017 Q3. Again, this includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, which were up about 8% versus prior year Q3 and greater than 4% year-to-date. A solid story in both OEM and aftermarket segments of the defense market, although this uptick is largely spread across TransDigm businesses. Two locations do stand out. Whippany Actuation Systems had some large shipments for a new confidential OEM, defense opportunity and Data Device Corporation DDC for aftermarket shipments across a number of key platforms. Total defense bookings continue to provide an encouraging narrative as bookings have grown about 7% year-to-date, compared to the same period in fiscal 2016. Fiscal year 2017 year-to-date OEM bookings have been bolstered significantly by the aforementioned large multiyear new product booking for Whippany Actuation Systems on that confidential platform and for Airborne Systems North America in Q3 for a large order from the U.S. Army for an RA-1 special operations parachute. As always, lumpy bookings in shipments like these are common in the defense market and caution must be used in forecasting off of a few data points. Moving to profitability and on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q3 were non-cash compensation expense and acquisition-related expenses. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $443 million for Q3 was up greater than 15% versus prior Q3. The EBITDA As Defined margin of about 49% of revenues for Q3. EBITDA margin, excluded the dilution from the impact of acquisitions purchased since 2016, and it was about 50%. This indicates that our base business continues to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers and recent acquisitions are coming up the curve quickly. Finally, I thought I'd provide an update to our 2016 acquisitions. And to remind you, those were Breeze-Eastern, Data Device Corporation and Tactair, as these have now been in the family long enough to show some results, specifically our value-driver concept focused around profitable new business generation, productivity and our operations and value-based pricing. We will update on the more recent acquisitions at a future date once they have more time in the saddle. We acquired Breeze-Eastern in January of 2016 and have successfully implemented our culture and value driver strategy across the fiscal year. As a reminder, Breeze is a leading global designer and manufacturer of high performance lifting and pulling devices for military and civilian aircraft and has a standalone operation in Whippany, New Jersey. We continue to see good progress this year on all three of the TransDigm value drivers. We have streamlined our price lists, while extending more value added services in our aftermarket repair and overhaul offerings. Our productivity initiatives continue to gain traction, as the cost structure is now aligned with our TransDigm business model and has included significant cost reduction actions at Breeze-Eastern since the acquisition. Business unit teams have been formed at Breeze involving a cross-functional customer support team structure. Overall, Breeze-Eastern continues to exceed our acquisition expectations, as our margins have expanded with value generation and EBITDA above our acquisition model. Data Device Corporation located in Bohemia, New York on Long Island was acquired by TransDigm in June of 2016. As a reminder, DDC is the world leader in the design, manufacturer of high reliability data bus, motion control and solid state power controller products for aerospace and defense vehicles. This capability allows them to deliver the smallest, lightest and highest performing products in the most cost-effective packaging for these applications in the aerospace market. DDC consists of six global manufacturing locations today in the U.S., UK and Mexico, including the recent databus product line acquisition. To date we have aligned the DDC structure with TransDigm's operating strategy and culture and have created focused product lines. Around our value drivers we have implemented a head count reduction to better rationalize our cost structure and have additionally conducted an extensive review of pricing, contractual opportunities, and new product initiatives to drive value generation. Recent product development design wins have seen the continued migration of the DDC family of products into commercial applications with new design wins this year for 777X, which augment prior wins on the 777X platform and the A350 platforms. At just over one year under TransDigm, the DDC team has done an excellent job of integrating into TransDigm. The business margins have now expanded with value generation and EBITDA again ahead of our acquisition model expectations. And finally on Tactair, which is a world-class designer and manufacturer of electromechanical hydraulic and pneumatic motion and fluid controls for the aerospace and industrial gas turbine industries. Tactair was acquired in September 2016 and over the past 10 months the company has made significant progress integrating itself into the TransDigm culture and adoption of our value drivers. The strong pre-existing management team has organized the business within the TransDigm structure around focused P&L units. EBITDA margins since acquisition are up significantly as a result of the successful rollout of our value-based pricing strategy, a broadcast reduction effort reducing both product cost and non-production spending, including a significant reduction in head count and a focus on the introduction of profitable new business. To date, this acquisition has delivered value generation in EBITDA ahead of our acquisition model. So let me conclude by stating, all-in-all, Q3 of fiscal year 2017 was another solid quarter for TransDigm and our acquisitions made in 2016 have met or surpassed our acquisition performance in value generation models. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. I will now review our financial results for the quarter. Third quarter net sales were $908 million or approximately 14% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of acquisitions represented $87 million of the increase in sales. Organic sales were approximately up 3% for the quarter. Our third quarter gross profit was $522 million, an increase of 18%. Our reported gross profit margin of 57.5% was almost 2 margin points higher than the prior year, primarily due to the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Our selling and administrative expenses were 12.2% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.8% in the prior year. Excluding acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation, SG&A was about 10.7% of sales compared to 9.7% of sales a year ago. The higher SG&A was primarily related to higher selling and admin costs of the recent acquisitions. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $31 million, up 26% versus prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $11.2 billion in the current quarter. We still expect our full-year fiscal 2017 net interest expense to be approximately $600 million. Moving on to taxes. In Q4 of fiscal 2016, we adopted a new accounting standard related to the accounting for excess tax benefits for share-based payments, including stock option exercises and dividend equivalent payments. As a result, our GAAP tax rate will now generally approximate our cash tax rate during an entire fiscal year. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 28.1% in the current quarter compared to 17.3% in the prior year. The higher effective rate in the quarter was primarily due to a lower level of stock option exercises in the current year quarter. We now estimate our full-year GAAP tax rate to be around 27%. Our effective tax rate excluding the accounting standard charge has not change and is still estimated to be around 31%. To remind you, this is the rate we use in calculating our full-year adjusted EPS. Our net income for the quarter increased $8 million or 5% to $169 million, which is 18.6% of sales. This compares to net income of $161 million or 20.1% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales and improvements in operating margin, partially offset by higher interest expense and the tax rate versus the prior period. GAAP EPS was $3.08 per share in the current quarter compared to $2.88 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS was $3.30 per share, an increase of 6.8% compared to $3.09 per share last year. Please refer to Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Now, switching gears to cash and liquidity. We ended the quarter with $971 million of cash on the balance sheet. Our cash balance was impacted by two items Nick briefly mentioned. First, we spent $50 million of repurchase, approximately 206,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $243 per share. Second, we also paid approximately $105 million for the acquisition of the three product lines during this quarter. We have $600 million in undrawn revolver, $100 million available under our AR securitization and additional capacity under our credit agreement. The company's net debt leverage ratio at quarter-end was 6.1 times our pro forma EBITDA As Defined and gross leverage was 6.6 times pro forma EBITDA. As announced in our earnings release this morning, we plan to raise $1.8 billion on new-term loans with the proceeds to be used together with cash on hand to repurchase $1.2 billion of our existing tranche C term loans due in 2020 and to fund a potential special dividend in the range of $1 billion to $1.25 billion. At September 30, 2017, assuming the completion of these transactions, we expect to have dry powder between $1 billion and $1.25 billion available for acquisitions. This capacity increases each quarter ratably and we expect this to increase to over $3 billion by the end of fiscal year 2018. We expect our year-end cash balance between $500 million and $750 million and our net leverage to be between 6.4 times and 6.6 times at the end of the year, depending on the size of the dividend. In addition, we are seeking to amend our credit agreement to give us the option to buy back shares or pay a special dividend for the upcoming next 12 months. With regards to our guidance, we still estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $9.28 and, as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $12.21. Please see slide 11 for a bridge detailing the $2.93 of adjustments between GAAP to adjusted EPS related to our guidance. Now, I'll hand the call back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Terry. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will come from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, I guess, how sustainable should we view this 8% in defense to be, because on the one hand, it seems like a lot of the fundamental drivers of that business for you are picking up meaningfully; on the other hand, it sounds like you're calling out maybe some one-time drivers in the quarter?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I guess  Noah, this is Nick. I think the best we can do there is give you the guidance for the year. I don't want to start to forecast into 2018 at this point. Yeah, but I'll say, we feel better about it than we did a year or two ago.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: The parachute piece that you called out specifically, I mean, if you look at that budget for the army and you mentioned the army there, that had a much greater than 50% peak to trough on you and it looks like it's actually scheduled to pick up significantly kind of starting now. So was that a one-time thing or is that actually just the beginning of a recovery in that market for you?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not sure. No, I'm not sure of budget, you mean the parachute budget?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. Yeah, if you look at the U.S. Army parachute purchases.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know the answer to that, yeah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: They're fairly active. That business is fairly active in bidding, but I don't know how it compares to the government budget.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So it's fairly active in bidding, it's not like you just got that one order and then it flattens back?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right. But that doesn't mean you win them.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Sure. Okay. And then just on the aftermarket side of the commercial business, commercial aerospace aftermarket, is it possible to lay out for us  I know you gave us a lot of detail there. I appreciate the incremental detail. But is it possible to lay out in the interiors business and then in the business jet helicopter piece, when they first started declining or said another way, when you annualize the sharp rates of decline there? That way we could better understand when they stop being at least the sizable headwinds that they are today.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know  Kevin, let me try and if you have a different  well, let me take the business jet and helicopter. The biz jet helicopter business, Noah, continues to surprise us, and it's declined.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So my sort of forecast on where I think it is, I would  if I were you, I'd take with a grain of salt. I would say we don't get  as Kevin said, more of the aftermarket in the business jet world goes through the OEMs than it does in the rest of our business. So, we don't get a whole lot of clarity on it. And it can at times get a little confused with the OEM buys, you have to sort of parse it out and make a judgment on it. I don't know, that doesn't help you other than to say, it  on the interiors business, I'd like to say, Kevin, I don't think we feel comfortable that we're seeing a bottom there yet.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, that's right. And I would say, Noah, that started to alter itself this year.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So that's a relatively recent, but the business jet, that weakness has been ongoing. We're on the right programs, we're winning as I listed, the list of the key business jet for platforms for the future, it's any recovery there we're just not seeing yet.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. So, the business jet helicopter piece you show up 2%, 2014 to 2016, so maybe that started to bleed on you in 2016 or even 2015, so not insanely difficult comparisons there, but still kind of bleeding lower. And then the interior piece being up 2014, 2014 to 2016 and then down sharply. Sounds like that's only two quarters, maybe three quarters in, so it's still another one or two quarters before that annualizes?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That seems reasonable. That seems reasonable.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And I think, as Kevin pointed out, we're still seeing projects and activity things just ...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Absolutely.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Things just seem to keep getting delayed.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Or moving out.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Right. Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Hey, can we have a clarification on the orders for freight first. I think you said bookings were up 18%. Is that year-on-year, and is that year-to-date or in the quarter?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. So that's  the 18% is year-to-date.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Year-to-date. Well, okay. All right. And then the other one, Terry, the EBITDA margins, I think you had on the last call implied and certainly the guidance would imply a bit of a tick down in EBITDA margins as defined. And obviously they're pretty strong here, heading into fourth quarter and implies a 100 basis point sequential decline. Is that looking like conservatism to just offset if the sales for some reason don't come through where they are, otherwise it looks like there is not a real clear reason why the EBITDA margins would sequentially drop.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Myles, I think that's right. As we look at the order book and the backlog, we could  we may be better than what the midpoint that suggests that it coming down, but the highest would suggest that it will continue to be in that over 48% EBITDA margin area.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then there is one...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: There is nothing systematically changing in the business. If the margin's down a little, it just happens to be the mix of product that goes out that quarter.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Okay. And then the only last one on the defense side. Within the seconds, I think Kevin you mentioned both aftermarket and now we were strong, anyway to clarify which was stronger and by how much?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: They are both- sorry, they're both comparable.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Please proceed.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Terry, one for you. I didn't have a chance to work through all the math on the cash balance, but are you implying any sort of change in the underlying free cash flow guidance for the year, which I think you were targeting around $800 million?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, no, there is no change and we look at from a free cash flow is trying to hit 50% of our EBITDA after taxes, interest, and CapEx. The interest is running higher this year, we maybe a touch under that, but it should be pretty close to that 50% from the free cash flow standpoint, which gets you in that $800 million to $850 million range, as we kind of define free cash flow.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And thinking about the way forward, Nick, what would prevent you guys from being able to grow adjusted EBITDA leased in kind of the low double digit range on a go-forward basis?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think, David. I don't want to get backed in to next year's guidance, that's  I think we'll put that out when we put it out. We gave you in the last quarter our view of sort of a [long, four or five year trends in that, but I think next call we'll put the guidance out.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Last one, Nick. You've been pretty consistent and been a little cautious on the commercial cycle overall. Obviously, there is some destocking going on right now, but how are you feeling about kind of the sustainability of the commercial cycle at this point? We've obviously had really good traffic numbers here for quite a while.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, you know at the  this is always a risk. The absent of destocking, I think we probably feel better about it now than we did 18 months ago.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Whether that translates into anything, who knows, but.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will comes from the line of Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thank you. Good morning. Nick, can you give us little more color, just a little bit on the discretionary interior stuff? It is presumably just an extension of some of the cabin aesthetics that you guys talked about last quarter. Is there a concern that this is maybe a leading indicator for airlines then, like what you guys have seen throughout the course of the history of your company you see, like it starts with discretionary and then usually the cuts and it's going a little bit deeper. How should we think about this patch of softness vis--vis, sort of I don't want to say canary in a coalmine per se, but is it a leading indicator for an expectation that maybe there is going to be more to come?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Kevin, you want to take it?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Hunter, this is Kevin. So when we look at it, the OEM business and the repairs business continues to march along. It's really the refurbishment that a united continental rebranding sort of idea. And those tend to go through peaks and valleys. We've seen this when we evaluated businesses for acquisition that they go through peaks and valleys. So we're still winning future refurbishment orders. I referred to that in the  in my words prepared, but we continue to win those. I don't see any reason why in the future those won't return. We are seeing opportunities though on refurbishments on some of the low cost airlines around the world, in the Middle East, Asia, India. So there is still opportunity there, I think which is going through a low timing right now.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then, I apologize if I missed this in my last question. Did you disclose what underlying organic gross margins excluding the acquisition dilution?
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: He's talking about EBITDA.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I think we said there about 100 basis points higher than the (43:41) average.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: 100 basis points. Okay, great. Thank you. That's it. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Peter Arment with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning, Peter.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Nick, just kind of a just high level question on kind of the M&A. You mentioned it's down, it's obviously down pretty considerably over the last several years, is it just purely timing, and this is M&A, or did you lose out in some deals, or your just not liking the properties that you're seeing, maybe just a little color on the M&A environment.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. One, I don't think it's down in the last couple of years. I think the year before was pretty heavy. I think we bought a ballot...
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Right. No, no, I agree with you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: In 2017, my general view is across the industry it seems to be slow, the M&A activity. I mean, we have  we see things, but generally the things we like either have been small. I can't really say we didn't like the prices. I mean, we walked away from that region. I would say mostly the things that we haven't bought, it's because they weren't proprietary enough.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Just not fitting the business model.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Just not fitting the model, and we're  we ultimately will need to stretch it. I think we generate plenty of cash and capacity, and as we say, we don't see something that meets the model. We tend to give the money back to the shareholders, and we're pretty confident that if we need the money later, we'll have it and we'll find a way to come up with it.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just a follow-up there, Terry to that, could you just mention what's the pro forma leverage you expect after the special dividend?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: we'll be at probably just under 7 times gross and 6.8 net, and that...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That will be based on the 9/30.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, September.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I mean June.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That will be at June and then at September, that will go down to, net down will between 6.4 and 6.6 depending on the size of the dividend.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning. Nick, I wanted to ask you something high level as well. With all the supply chain discussion and some of the pressure that Boeing and other OEMs are imposing on the suppliers, or on certain suppliers, how do you think this affects the M&A environment? And I say this in the context of very large deals being discussed out there in the media. Do you see more consolidation at greater levels and is TransDigm a buyer or a seller in this environment?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I would say, Rob, the reality is, we are either. We are  we're pretty commercial and mercenary, as we should be as represented in the shareholders' money. I would say as a  let me  I don't know where this goes. Yeah, I  you might think it would generate some more activity, but I can't say it has. We surely haven't seen it. I've seen the same room or this big deal that you have. I think when we see something with the right value proposition, we're a buyer. And I don't think we're necessarily particularly capital constrained. But we're constrained by that we have to see our kind of return and fit our kind of profile, which is a fairly tight restraint.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: But do you think maybe this loosens some larger pieces that might not have been in within your traditional aperture?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Rob, I don't know. I can say we haven't seen it yet.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Maybe it's a little early for that.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Second question, and this could be for anybody. But back to something we talked about earlier in last time. Just the bookings versus the shipments and the math behind that might have implied a little bit better commercial aftermarket. Are we going to see these bookings numbers come through or am I thinking about it wrong? Do I look at your slide 6, that Kevin spoke to, and are the bookings really specific to the passenger business and you do it differently in interiors, which is why we don't see the pressure on the bookings that's translating into the pressure on the sales?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know that I can answer that. I think the one take it into pieces the passenger business, I think we feel pretty good about. I think the Interior business, we don't believe we've seen the bottom of that yet. And I don't think our bookings make us feel great about it. The bookings in the freighter business were pretty good. And I would say the biz jet, helicopter sort of the incoming work is probably roughly consistent with the outgoing.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I guess, Nick, what I'm saying is that the bookings that you've shown us throughout the year would have suggested we would not have a 19% drop in the commercial transport interior business, unless those bookings are excluded from the number of bookings, from, what is included in your bookings number?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not sure I follow the question, Rob. Everything is in our booking number.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So it's all there? So, okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's all there, there's nothing excluded from any of our bookings or our total bookings.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Right. So it goes back to  I can't remember the  I don't know if you've given the number for this quarter, but you had been sort of at 1.1 book-to-ship, at least up through the last quarter, but we haven't seen that 10% type of overall aftermarket growth, that would be implied by 1.1 book-to-ship?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'm not sure we're apples-to-apples, Rob, and I don't think I can answer your question here.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. We'll take it offline.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not that I'm unwilling to, it's just that I'm not sure.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: No. No. It's complex and I think what it has to do with what's included in the bookings versus what's included in the sales, in the growth numbers?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So Rob because we were strong with some bookings number last quarter, you're expecting higher sales?
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Well, and I think it was more than just last quarter, I think it was the prior quarter, I mean the bookings have been coming through it, I think at a stronger level than the aftermarket sale. So I was asking you is that because the interior weakness is the difference and those bookings aren't counted the same way.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. All bookings are counted the same. All booking are counted the same.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks for trying.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, guys. A big picture question that maybe a more detailed question. So I guess it was last week Boeing announced that they're opening this avionics business and they're going to be a supplier. How do you think Nick that, that changes the dynamics in the supply chain kind of broadly speaking, , if they start to do actuators and other bits and pieces of airplanes. I mean, I guess, I'm trying to get a sense of how do you think about that?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: The real answer is, I don't where they go with it. I don't know what the impact is. So far, at least in the businesses that we're familiar with, anything they've done that with has been make the print non-proprietary stuff. I think it will be a tough row to hoe if they start to move into the proprietary kind of content. They got all kinds of agreements they're tangled up in and the like. Now, where it goes? I don't know. We haven't seen. We haven't really seen anything in our business jet. In non-proprietary things, you are probably going to be at risk.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. If I just kind of can dig down a little further. Why is proprietary going to be such a tough row to hoe for them? I mean, why is that safe to assume?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think it's  look, nothing is impossible. It takes a fair amount of engineering, typically the supplier owns the intellectual property. The requalification is fairly lengthy. They're typically tangled up in agreements by platform that get pretty ugly if you start to try  somebody started to try and pull out of them.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Got you. And then, maybe just a more detailed question. When we look at, specifically the refurbishment business, is that work, A, being delayed, rescheduled, deferred, and is it coming specifically from one region or fleet type? So I guess what I'm driving at, do you think a lot of this is coming out of the Middle East, on wide bodies, is there any way you can speak to that?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Kevin.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: There is some softness in the Middle East on that. Certainly, some softness on the wide-body side, but it's specific to refurbishments, rebranding, it's significant fleet-wide overhauls that we're seeing the weakness.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. And then maybe one last question. With the fleet of 787s kind of getting bigger out there where there's over 500 or so flying around and they've been in the fleet for a while, when do you expect to see some aftermarket on those airplanes pick-up?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We see some now, but I mean you can almost do the math. This isn't exact, but you can almost calculate the rate, which I just don't know as I sit here.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You can calculate the rate at which they get beyond about their five-year life and that's probably going to be a pretty good proxy for the aftermarket pick-up.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. So just typical standard...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: ...is the way to think about it, yeah. Great, cool. Thanks, guys.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just a follow-up on your comments on M&A, you said you didn't see enough proprietary deals or deals that meet your characteristics. Is that  would you categorize that as kind of the normal lumpiness of deal flow on a year-to-year basis? Or if you think about the medium and long-term opportunity, are you still seeing proprietary assets that make you have a rich pipeline for the next couple years?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Matt, I think so, but I say I think. One thing I know is predicting the closure rate of deals is difficult. I mean there's, you can easily come up with a list of attractive, medium or decent size things you'd like to buy, but will they close, will they come up for sale? At least this year, no. In the past, we've seen this. I would say probably three years ago, we did almost nothing and then we had big years in 2015 and 2016, and this year is a little soft. One of the, I believe, attractiveness of our capital allocation mindset model is that we try hard to get the return back to the shareholders another way if we can't get it by buying stuff in the year.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. All right, great. And then just on the commercial transport interior business. Are you sure that's a market issue, or has there been any change in the competitive landscape there? I mean, is somebody else winning that work, or is it  are you pretty sure it's just project deferrals?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Kevin, you going to take that?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'm pretty sure it's project deferrals. We haven't seen any indication that any significant pieces of business went anywhere else. It's simply delays of what we had expected.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning. Probably never expected to spend so much time talking about interiors, but I'll ask one more. So the declines that we're seeing, why isn't this to some degree  I mean it seems over the past three years, this business is up 50%. Why isn't this to some degree just some mean reversion on project work that should be kind of lumpy? And if it's not that, then should we think about the interiors business typically as something that should be one of your best businesses, and grow well above average?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'll try that. The retrofit portion of the interior business is, over time, tends to be more cyclical than our other businesses because it's more discretionary. Over time I suspect if you take a long enough period of time, 5 or 10 years, I suspect it has on average the same kind of patterns as the rest of it, but it definitely, you can be lumpier.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. And so if that's the case, if we've been up 14% on average for the past three years, maybe it's not so surprising to see what we're seeing now.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, you're going to see a downturn sometime when you're running 14% or 15% a year.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right, right. Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I think I would say it came on frankly a little suddenly.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, it sort of slowed down kind of quick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Kind of quick ...
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...but that's, no one blows the whistle before you hit the top of the market.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. And is your direct customer here the airlines or is it another manufacturer or an MRO shop?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: The answer to that is all of the above.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Okay, okay. Nick, and then maybe one more, based on some of the slides you guys have disclosed recently, it seems like your pricing over a period of years in the cargo freight piece of the aftermarket is essentially zero. Can you talk about how that business kind of fits into your model given that sort of unusual pricing dynamic for a TransDigm end market?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I have no idea where you're getting those numbers, other than I don't. I don't know because I don't know. I would say in that business the Telair which is the bulk of the business, the Telair United States, is proprietary staff stuff and does reasonably well. The containers and the net business is nonproprietary and doesn't do as well. But I don't think the average is up down or zero.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Okay, yeah. I was looking at some of the real growth numbers you guys put out in the May slides and then what you've put out today for the pro forma.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. There're different timeframes.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Right. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Maybe just, Terry, point of clarity, I don't know if I missed this. The free cash flow this year, $1.75 billion to $2 billion, but I think you said looking at the capacity going up to  or I'm sorry not the free cash flow issue, I'm looking at the capacity you said going up to $3 billion in 2018 versus what you guys would have in terms of capacity of $1.25 billion at the end of this year. So, how do we bridge that gap to get the $3 billion? I think your free cash flow is typically 50% of EBITDA, So what get you to $3 billion of capacity if I heard that right?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You also have to look at the EBITDA of the target, right. We would be able to pick up 7 times their EBITDA as part of an acquisition strategy, and that's part of the  to build up into that  into that number.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Okay. That helps. Okay. And then just maybe, Nick, one more on this interiors. If I go back to Rockwell Collins, it sounded like they were starting to see some of their backlog build for retrofit next year, and I think you just said you provide to all of the big manufacturers' airlines, retrofits, what's sort of you lead time, I mean if they're starting to see their backlog build, I mean how soon do you guys get orders ahead of a retrofit project?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, probably, and this is a real guesstimate, but I'd say six months-ish. The problem is with these programs is they tend to stretch out.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's the delivery  when they slow down, is they're going to do them in March, so you we expect the order in September and then suddenly March becomes May and May becomes July, and that's what we're seeing some of now.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Best we can tell, we don't have any projects dying.
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. To follow-up on Rob Spingarn's question earlier, in the aftermarket, what is  when we think about book-to-ship, what is your average lead time for aftermarket order-to-ship timeline?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think, I can give you an average. I mean, it's kind of all over the map. Retrofits are different than spare parts, and that sort of thing. But I don't think it'd be  the average is kind of a meaningless number with all our product lines but maybe three, four, five months, something like that.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Also Nick, I think I heard you say on the biz jet side, it's hard to parse out what's aftermarket and what is OE sometimes. Is that because the pricing is the same and is the profitability the same on those sales?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't. It depends on part number in the account. So the frequently the biz jet manufacturers control more of it than in other sectors. So when they order, yeah, to your point, you can always tell exactly what it's for. So sometimes it's hard to parse out inventory fluctuation from aftermarket fluctuation at the OEM, if you follow me.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yep. I understand. And any sense for how much of the biz jet aftermarket is falls into that more amorphous category? Is it like half of it or is that...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think it's more than half. We make our best judgment, and we try and do it consistently. The aftermarket OEM split, we have a consistent way we do it quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter to try and keep some legitimacy code. But there is a little  as Kevin said, there is always a little bit of a gray in there. But I don't think it changes the fact. I don't think it changes the fact that it's soft, whether it's soft by 2%, 5% or 7% you might argue.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right. It makes sense. One last one just on the M&A pipeline. Over the next couple of years, do you think there is going to be better pipeline for defense related acquisitions or commercial aero, and do you think the valuations will be much different between the two segments?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I obviously don't know the answer to that. I would say, if you look over the last few years, there shortly have been more defense stuff came up than it had come up in the two or three years before that, and the price has moved up. Whether that will continue, I just don't know.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Drew Lipke with Stephens. Please proceed.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for taking the time.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: One question just on the interior, just to round that out. How much of that business do you view as traffic or usage or maybe spares driven as opposed to how much is rebranding or refurbishment or retrofit, is it all retrofit?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, no retrofit. There is a  there is an existing OEM content, there is the repairs of things that get damaged during usage, which is kind of when you're referring to and then there is the refurbishments, rebranding, which are esthetic and take longer to plan out. So what goes through the wear and tear, that gets repaired as usual and we might expect that to follow with usage of the airlines.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: And do you know the percent mix between those?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I would be speculating, but I would guess it's probably a third. A third, a third, and a third, but I'm -that's up for revision I guess, as I dig into that, but that's my sub-thought at the top of my head there.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then just second question, I guess the last couple of quarters, you'd talked about look through sales that the distributors being up I think double digits. And I'm curious what sort of sell-in versus sell-through component did you see at the distributor level here in the quarter and did you see any kind of inventory build in the quarter?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It was similar to previous quarter. So, it was up as before we continue to trend upwards on the look-through sales. I didn't call it out this time, but it continues to move in the right direction.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I think what he is  Kevin is it true that the  there the increase year-over-year in their shipments for this quarter look relatively close to our increase year-over-year.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, that's right. That is true.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. So, now it's my pleasure to hand the conference back over to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations for some closing comments and remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you for participating on this morning's call, and please look for our 10-Q that we expect to file tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does concludes the program and we may all disconnect. Everybody have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-05-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Michael S. Rednor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated Second-Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you. I'd like to thank all of you for calling in today and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2017 second-quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks and details are contained in this morning's press release on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC, available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release or a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, now, let me turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks to all of you for calling in. Today, I'll start off as always with comments about our consistent strategy. Then, I'd like to give a little more color on commercial aftermarket business and few other topics relating to Q2. Then, I'll give a quick summary of fiscal-year 2017 Q2 performance and an update on 2017 guidance. Kevin will review more specifics on Q2 and then, Terry will run through the financials. This may take a little longer than usual. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and about three-quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over half our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced higher gross margins and provided relative stability through the cycles. Our long-standing financial goal is to give shareholders, over time, private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To meet our goal, we have to stay focused on the details of operating management, value creation as well as careful management of our balance sheet and allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple, well-proven, value-based operating strategy based around our three value driver concepts. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that closely aligns us with the shareholders. Fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And fifth, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for capital allocation. To remind you, we basically have four; our priorities are typically as follows. One, invest in our current businesses; second, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy and return requirements; third, give extra money back to the shareholders, either through special dividends or stock buybacks; and fourth, pay off debt. Again, given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this is still likely our last choice, at least in current capital market conditions. Depending on the specific business and capital market conditions that exist at the time, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in the manner we think has the best chance to maximize the return to our shareholders. We look at our stock as another potential investment alternative. Depending on the price, specific other opportunities and the overall business environment, the returns from buying our own stock could be, at times, more attractive than other opportunities we may see. To that point, our stock price became very compelling in the last quarter. As a result, we acquired about $340 million or 1.5 million of our shares at an average price of $224 a share. We expect the multi-year return here to meet or exceed our rigorous return requirements. To update you on a few significant items in the second quarter, let me first address the commercial aftermarket, both for this quarter and also, more significantly, over a little longer-time horizon. For the quarter, the aftermarket revenue comp was down 1.5% versus a difficult comp in the prior year. This obviously isn't a great number. However, the bulk of the negative impact is due to a few specific businesses. There are also some significant positive indicators this quarter. Specifically, most of our businesses showed decent year-over-year growth in the commercial aftermarket. The overall softness is substantially due to 4 of our 34 businesses, our 2 more non-proprietary cargo net and container businesses and, recently, our 2 more discretionary interior businesses. Kevin will give you a little more detail on that. Excluding these 4 businesses, the balance of our commercial aftermarket is up in the mid-single-digit percent, both versus prior-year Q2 and also on a year-to-date basis. Also, year-to-date, our commercial aftermarket bookings, in total, across all our businesses are running well above the shipments for the year. Also, in Q2, our look-through distributor shipments picked up significantly versus the prior-year Q2. These factors make us feel more positive about the second half of the fiscal year, but they don't change the fact that first half was weak in this market  our sector. I'd also like, and I think this is of more significance, to give some color on our commercial aftermarket and the trends we and the industry have been seeing over recent years. Commercial aftermarket revenues, in real terms, that is excluding price across our peer group, have been growing well below RPMs for a while now. Just of interest, we do not include the commercial transport engine manufacturers as our peers. As we look at the publicly disclosed peer comps on commercial aftermarket and make some estimated adjustments for pricing, it appears to us that across the group, there has been almost no real or unit growth, on average, for the last five to six years. The last three years look about the same. The largest segment of our commercial aftermarket, and that is a little under 70%, is driven by the commercial transport passenger planes. This piece has been growing in real terms. The other 30%, which I will explain, has not been growing. We believe the TransDigm aftermarket growth, after adjusting for price, over this five to six-year period has been a little higher than the peer group. That is up in the low-single-digit percent. Again, that is excluding pricing. We have heard the softness over this period, attributed to many factors, including pooling of inventories, surplus parts, PMA parts, deferred maintenance, et cetera. Though we can't speak for other companies, when we look at our businesses, some of these points are worth clarification. One, we are comfortable based on a series of outside consultants and our own analysis that our aftermarket shipset distribution is just about market-weighted. Secondly, on pooling in inventory reductions, we don't see how this can be a significant factor over this extended time period. It's just been too long. We also hear little mention of this from our operating businesses. Third, with respect to surplus part usage, based on our investigation, we believe penetration is minimal and we don't see any material changes or increases here. As we've discussed before, surplus parts for our type of products and price points don't seem to be a significant factor. We understand that the unit price in the $7,500 to $10,000 per unit is sort of a rule of thumb for surplus parts usage. The vast majority of our parts are priced well below $5,000 a unit and well below the price points. We estimate the average price for our parts is far below $5,000. In addition, our quantities are low. Fourth, with respect to third-party PMA parts, as I think you know, almost all parts of TransDigm's type require a PMA to sell into the aftermarket. TransDigm has a pool of well over 400,000 part numbers made up of end items, subassemblies and components available for sale under its numerous PMA approvals. As a reminder, when a top assembly is approved by the FAA, the components making up that assembly that are included in the component maintenance manual are also approved by reference. Over 300,000 of these part numbers sell with some regularity. Almost all of these PMA-approved part numbers are for our proprietary parts, originally designed in the new OEM aircraft or as field retrofits of some kind, often for plane interior programs. For the last five years, we have been averaging over 20,000 new PMA end items, that is subassemblies, components or parts per year, for sale into the aftermarket. We estimate that third-party PMA penetration into our, that is TransDigm's aftermarket, is less than 2%. We believe this has been flat to down as a percent of our commercial aftermarket over the last five to six years and, therefore, has not materially impacted our year-over-year growth. It appears that other factors have been influencing real or unit demand. I'm going to talk about unit growth here. Again, I'm always excluding price over the last five to six years. The last three-year trend has been similar. We found it difficult to make much sense out of changes over shorter periods of time. In total, due to the high percent of new airplanes and the overall mix of our aftermarket, RPM growth doesn't appear to be the right overall metric, at least at this point in the OEM cycle. Commercial passenger transport aftermarket, as I said, makes up a little under 70% of our commercial aftermarket revenues. The unprecedented length of the commercial transport production cycle has resulted in a lower growth rate in the out-of-warranty fleet. We define out-of-warranty as planes over five years old. These planes, the under five years or five years and under, consume far less of our parts and services. Due to the large number of new airplanes, the growth in fleet size of planes over five years appears to be growing at roughly 3% a year for the last five years or so. These planes also tend to fly less hours per day, likely exacerbating the impact. This growth rate should increase as new production rates slow down or decline. Most forecasts we've seen expect a slow increase in the growth rate for this group over the next several years. TransDigm's real or unit growth, again, without price, in the commercial transport passenger segment has been in the low to mid-single digits per year, generally in line with the fleet growth in planes over five years old. The balance of our commercial aftermarket, that is a bit over 30% of the aftermarket revenue, is made up as follows. Cargo handling and freight make up a little over 15%; freight traffic over the last five years or six years, depending on what index you use, appears to be flat to slightly up; freight capacity looks to be flat to slightly down. Our freight aftermarket has been impacted by this and, exclusive of price, has been slightly down in real terms. The less proprietary container and net businesses have been quite soft. The aftermarket in the proprietary cargo systems has been slightly up. As a reminder, our cargo systems are sole-sourced on every Airbus airframe, except the A380, and also sole-sourced on the Boeing 747 freighters. We also provide passenger and freight conversion on a range of airframes. As an aside, in total, our acquired Telair Cargo businesses are running well ahead of our acquisition value-creation model. Business jets are the next largest piece. Again, exclusive of price, the business jet aftermarket over the period has been roughly in line with takeoff and landings. That is flat to very slightly up. Helicopter and GA combined make up the balance and they're, in total, a little less than business jet revenues; this is in the aftermarket. In real terms, these have been down in the mid-single-digit percent per year over this last five to six-year period. Over this period, this has netted out to a low-single-digit real unit growth rate for TransDigm's commercial aftermarket. As best we can estimate, excluding price, this appears a little better than the industry average. Though there will always be some cyclical swings by quarter or individual years over the next three to five years, we'd expect the percent of the fleet over five years old should slowly pick up. The freight aftermarket, though too early to be sure, appears to be mildly picking up and I hope the business jet and helicopter markets have bottomed out. This should bode well for commercial aftermarket over the period that the pick-up could be gradual, especially if the commercial transport production rates continue to grow. As you probably know, we've gotten a fair amount of publicity last quarter about our U.S. Government business. To remind you, direct sales to the U.S. Government make up about 7% of our revenue. This is including sales through distributors or brokers. Two congressmen have written almost identical letters to the DoD Inspector General, asking him to review TransDigm's government contracting practices, following a report published on the Internet by a research firm. We have not received notice from the Inspector General Office that it has commenced any investigation or audit at this time. If they do begin any audit or investigation, we will cooperate fully as we have in the past. A 2006 IG review and audit of certain government agency purchasing practices included the review of purchases made from TransDigm. Inspector General audits or investigations of contracting parties are not unusual in this industry. Over time, many suppliers, both large and small, become involved one way or another in some type of IG audit or investigation. As we do for acquisitions, going forward, I'm not going to discuss or comment on this topic unless the company determines to make a public announcement. This quarter, we were again active in the capital markets. As I mentioned, we invested $350 million to buy back our own stock.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: $340 million.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Oh, $340 million, excuse me. We also raised $300 million of high-yield debt to reload, to take advantage of a good price for fixed debt and to confirm our ready access to the market. Last quarter, Standard & Poor (sic) [Standard & Poor's] (19:29) upgraded both our fixed and variable rate debt as well as our overall corporate ratings. We also amended our credit agreement to allow us over a 12-month period to either buy about $1.5 billion of our stock or payout $1.5 billion of special dividend. We have about $1.3 billion of this authorization still unused. As we have explained in the past, 75% of our debt is either fixed or capped. The net result is to significantly reduce our exposure to interest movements through at least 2021. At April 1, 2017, our liquidity was strong. We had slightly under $1 billion in cash, about $600 million of open revolver and additional room under our credit agreement. We believe we have adequate capacity to make over $1 billion of acquisition. This grows steadily through the year. This does not imply anything about likely levels of acquisitions for the year. In Q2, we completed the acquisition of Schroth Safety Products and certain other aerospace assets from Takata Corporation for about $90 million. This business primarily manufactures multi-point restraint harnesses in Germany and the U.S.A., used primarily in commercial pilot and flight attendant restraints as well as certain military and racing applications. The products are primarily proprietary and have significant aftermarket. Our acquisition effort remains active. The pipeline is, as usual, mostly small and mid-sized businesses. And closings, as always, are tough to predict. Kevin is going to review the Q2 operating performance and a few other items, but a few comments. Year-to-date, all of our market segments are booking ahead of shipments with the commercial aftermarket defense segment bookings are running well ahead of shipments. On the same-store basis and assuming we own the same mix of business in both periods, commercial OEM revenues were up modestly in Q2 versus the prior year. Commercial transport revenue is up more, but slower business jet and helicopter revenues pulled the overall down. As I said before, commercial aftermarket revenue was down 1.5% for the quarter. I already spoke about this, but Kevin will give a little more color. Defense revenues were up versus both the prior-year Q2 and year-to-date. Defense bookings were up very substantially in Q2 versus the prior year. EBITDA As Defined operating margins were strong and up 2% versus both the prior-year Q2 and year-to-date as we continue to execute on our steady value-creation process. Based on the year-to-date results, full-year 2017 guidance, assuming no acquisitions or additional capital market activity, is adjusted as follows. The midpoint of fiscal-year 2017 revenue guidance is now $3.55 billion, a slight increase of $5 million versus the previous guidance. This is due to the Schroth acquisition, partially offset by a modest decrease in the base business forecast. We anticipate 3.5% to 4% organic revenue growth for the year. As usual, the fourth-quarter revenues should be higher than the third quarter. The midpoint of fiscal-year 2017 EBITDA As Defined guidance is $1.7 billion. This is an increase of about $5 million from our previous guidance. The modest increase is due to both the Schroth acquisition and a slight margin improvement in the base. We have now increased the full-year EBITDA by $20 million from our original 2017 guidance. The vast majority of this increase was from improved operating performance. The midpoint of our EPS as adjusted is now anticipated to be $12.21 a share, up about $0.05 a share from our previous guidance. This increase is due to the increased EBITDA, a lower share count, offset in part by higher interest expense. And Terry will expand on that a little bit. On a pro forma or same-store basis, the revised guidance is based on the following growth rate. Commercial aftermarket growth in the mid-single-digit percent versus the prior year; the strong bookings are encouraging, but the first-half revenue was light. This is a modest decrease from our original guidance. Defense or military revenue is up-low-single percent versus the prior year. This is a modest increase from our original guidance. Commercial OEM revenue growth in the low to mid-single-digit range, this is unchanged. We have significant cash and available borrowing and these continue to grow throughout the year. Terry will expand on this. The first half of 2017 was solid. We look forward to a good second half. In summary, at this point, it looks like, for the year, the commercial aftermarket could be a little lower than originally anticipated and this is mostly offset by a modestly higher defense sector. And with that, let me turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Now, let me touch on the details of the quarter. For Q2, total company GAAP revenues and EBITDA As Defined were strong, with a revenue up about 10%, EBITDA As Defined about over 14%. EBITDA As Defined was strong at 48.2% of sales. The strength in EBITDA as a percentage of sales was due to the continued realization of our value-driver concepts across our base businesses and from the continued integration of recent TransDigm acquisition. Now, let's review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis versus prior-year Q2; that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods, similar to a same-store sales metric. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion to OEM and aftermarket. In the commercial OEM market channel, revenues were up approximately 2% versus prior Q2. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up the majority of our commercial OEM revenue, were up about 4% versus prior-year Q2. Bookings year-to-date for this segment have increased modestly versus first half of prior year and have outpaced fiscal-year 2017 sales by a similar modest amount. Business jet and helicopter revenue make up about 15% of our commercial OEM revenues. In total, year-to-date revenues in this market are down modestly compared to the first half of fiscal year 2016. Given the performance of this market recently, this result was not unexpected. However, bookings grew sequentially in Q2 and have outpaced shipments by over 5% for the first half of 2017. However, any optimism for this sector is tempered by business jet and helicopter OEM forecasts. We see that inventory management by our OEM customers and rate reductions on some wide-body platforms have created headwinds in the commercial OEM market, but we believe this is all timing-related as our shipset content has not changed. We will continue to watch OEM booking trends for any indication of weakness, which will allow us to further modify our cost structure as necessary. Now, moving on to commercial aftermarket, total commercial aftermarket revenue was down approximately 1.5% for Q2 fiscal-year 2017 when compared to prior-year Q2. As Nick previously stated, this was a difficult comparison quarter, as our commercial aftermarket revenue demonstrated 13% growth a year ago in Q2 fiscal-year 2016. For the current quarter, commercial transport aftermarket revenues were down less, with a slightly larger decline in business jet aftermarket. Again, a difficult quarter to compare, as Q2 fiscal-year 2016 demonstrated a significantly higher revenue growth rate than the rest of fiscal-year 2016. As Nick commented previously, the vast majority of our business demonstrated Q2 revenue growth in commercial transport aftermarket. Four businesses make up the bulk of the decline and these can be grouped into two categories, partially non-proprietary freight products from Nordisk and AmSafe nets. Here, they serve as a competitive market segment, which has experienced oversupply and pricing levels we have occasionally been reluctant to match. And secondarily, our more discretionary interiors business at Schneller and Pexco, these businesses, who largely support cabin aesthetics, have recently experienced some market softness. For commercial transport aftermarket, year-to-date bookings now exceed shipments by approximately 8.5%. This strength in commercial transport aftermarket bookings was met for the first time in a while, with the business jet and helicopter segment displaying bookings in excess of shipments by over 6% year-to-date. We remain cautiously optimistic on the commercial aftermarket for two simple reasons. First and foremost, bookings have outpaced shipments year-to-date in the high-single digits for the entire commercial aftermarket segment. And point-of-sale information from our distribution partners or look-through sales demonstrated well into double-digit growth in Q2 of fiscal-year 2017. Now, let me speak about our defense market, which remains relatively unchanged at about 30% of our total revenue. Total defense revenues for fiscal-year 2017 second quarter, which include both OEM and aftermarket revenues, were up about 3% versus prior-year Q2 and year-to-date. The story for Q2 continues to be one of strong defense aftermarket revenue growth, tempered by slower defense OEM shipments, which are timing-related. However, total defense bookings provided an encouraging narrative as bookings have exceeded shipments by over 8% year-to-date, led by a strong rebound in OEM order book in Q2 and continued defense aftermarket expansion. It should be noted that Q2's defense OEM order book was bolstered significantly by a large multi-year order for Whippany Actuation Systems on a confidential platform. Lumpy bookings and shipments like these are common in the defense market and caution must be used in forecasting off a few data points. Moving to profitability and on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q2 were non-cash compensation expense, acquisition-related cost, amortization and refinancing costs. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $421 million for Q2 was up 14% versus prior Q2. The EBITDA As Defined margin of 48.2% of revenues for Q2; EBITDA margin, excluded the dilution from the impact of acquisitions purchased since 2016, was over 49% or up approximately 2 margin points versus prior period, indicating again our base businesses continue to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers and recent acquisitions are coming up the curve quickly. As I transition to discussing some operational details, I thought I would articulate one of our business goals. Operationally, our goal is to always supply our customers with well-engineered reliable products and, of course, these products must be delivered on time. This is the real value of TransDigm to our customers. Operationally, we perform. In recognition of this, I thought I would finish off by providing a little color on two of our key value drivers for TransDigm, that of driving productivity and achieving profitable new business across the company. As we have previously discussed, TransDigm invests fully 7% of our total costs on engineering. We define total costs as total revenue minus EBITDA. This engineering investment drives our product development and cost-reduction initiatives and here are a few examples of this investment bearing fruit. Across TransDigm, through our focus on productivity and investment in our businesses, we have been able to strip out just under 4% of our head count fiscal year-to-date. Re-engineering our methods, capital investments in new processes and equipment, outsourcing procurement initiatives and plant consolidations at Elektro-Metall and Airborne Systems North America are a few examples of what has driven this cost reduction. This means we have removed 8% to 9% of our head count over the last 18 months while maintaining our engineering programs and effort. For the profitable new business development, at AeroControlex, the team has developed a portable, quick-turn water disinfection cart for all major aerospace platforms. This product allows treatment of the onboard water supply to sanitize the system without the need for harsh chemicals. This product is seeing acceptance across the globe as more than 50% of the world's largest airlines have already adopted this product and more are in current evaluation. At Aerosonic, the team has recently received a large award from the U.S. Coast Guard to outfit the search and rescue Eurocopter MH-65E Dolphin with a new retrofit glass cockpit instrument display. This system, called Oasis (34:02), replaces multiple mechanical gauges with only highly reliable, highly accurate display systems. The system is lighter, easier to install and eliminates much of the maintenance calibration for older mechanical gauges. At Nordisk, our freight cargo container manufacturer, they have recently designed and received a large, new business award from Amazon for the production of a new, robust, lightweight specialty cargo container for use on all of Amazon's internal freight shipments. This could have considerable future additional volume opportunities as Amazon continues to grow its delivery capability. At Adams Rite Aerospace, the team developed and manufactured the complete lightweight ballistic cockpit door module for the A350. This award represents significant shipset expansion for Adams Rite and is beginning to bear fruit as the A350 build rates accelerate. This system now includes the controller, the keypad, door deceleration devices, ballistic door itself, door posts and intrusion-resistant locking mechanism. Finally, AdelWiggins has made a significant investment to develop composite lightning isolators. This investment has resulted in AdelWiggins winning significant shipset content on many new aircraft. These aircraft include the A400M, 787, C-Series and the new 777X and Global Express 7000, 8000. The composite product line has grown quickly and is now AdelWiggins' largest product line. As illustrated by these examples, our engineering investment, coupled with our rigid, new business tracking process by business unit and platform, has allowed a culture of innovation to prosper and realize consistent growth opportunities into the future. So, let me conclude by stating, all-in-all, Q2 of fiscal-year 2017 was another solid quarter for TransDigm. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. I will now review our financial results. Second-quarter net sales were $873 million or approximately 10% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions of DDC, Young & Franklin/Tactair and Schroth contributed $70 million of additional sales for the period. Our organic sales were up approximately 1%. Our second-quarter gross profit was $491 million, an increase of 15%. Our reported gross profit margin of 56.2% was almost 3 margin points higher than prior year. Gross profit margin increased almost 1 margin point due to the lower non-operating acquisition-related expenses. Excluding these costs, our gross profit margins in the remaining businesses versus the prior-year quarter improved almost 2 margin points due to the strength of our proprietary products continually improving our cost structure. Our selling and administrative expenses were 11.7% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.9% in the prior year. Excluding acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation, SG&A was about 10.2% of sales compared to 9.7% of sales a year ago. The higher SG&A was primarily related to higher selling and admin costs related to recent acquisitions. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $37 million, up 33% versus prior-year quarter. This is a result of an increase of 33% in the weighted average total debt to $11.2 billion in the current quarter versus $8.4 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was due to borrowing an incremental $1.9 billion in June 2016, $1.2 billion in November and $300 million in February. The proceeds were used primarily to fund acquisitions, pay off our highest-rate 2021 bonds, pay a special dividend and repurchase our own stock. We are currently assuming an average LIBOR of approximately 1% for the current year, which then yields a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.2%. If LIBOR were to increase to 4%, our weighted average interest rate would increase by just under 1% to 6.1%. This would increase our after-tax interest expense by approximately $70 million. We now expect our full fiscal 2017 net interest expense to be approximately $600 million. Moving on to taxes, in Q4 of fiscal 2016, we adopted a new accounting standard related to the accounting for excess tax benefits for share-based payments, including stock option exercises and dividend equivalent payments. As a result, our GAAP tax rate will now generally approximate our cash tax rate during an entire fiscal year. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 27.7% in the current quarter compared to 29.4% in the prior year. The lower effective tax rate in the quarter was primarily due to higher adjustment for the excess benefits from the option exercises. We still estimate our full-year GAAP tax rate to be around 28%. Excluding the accounting standard change, our effective tax rate is still estimated to be around 31%. To remind you, this is the rate we use in calculating our full-year adjusted EPS. Our net income for the quarter increased $14 million or 10% to $156 million, which is 17.8% of sales. This compares to net income of $142 million or 17.8% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales and lower acquisition-related costs, partially offset by higher interest expense versus the prior period. GAAP EPS was $2.78 per share in the current quarter compared to $2.52 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS was $3.02 per share, an increase of 5.6% compared to $2.86 per share last year. Please refer to Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Now, switching gears to cash and liquidity. We ended the quarter with $985 million of cash on the balance sheet. There were several items Nick's previously reviewed that impacted our cash balance in the quarter. We opportunistically completed a financing for an incremental $300 million of senior sub notes due in 2025 at a rate of 6.5%. As for uses of cash, as Nick previously mentioned, we repurchased 1.5 million shares during the quarter. As a result, we now expect our full-year weighted average shares to decrease to approximately 55.6 million shares. In March, the board authorized a new $600 million share repurchase program to replace the existing program. At the end of Q2, we had $410 million available for additional repurchases under the program. We also paid approximately $90 million for the acquisition of Schroth. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activities, we still expect our cash balance at September 30, 2017 to be around $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion. We also expect to have roughly $600 million in undrawn revolver and additional capacity under our credit agreement. The company's net debt leverage ratio at the quarter-end was 6.2 times of pro forma EBITDA As Defined and gross leverage was 6.8 times. We estimate our net leverage at September 30, 2017 to be approximately 5.7 times, assuming no acquisitions or capital market transactions. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of the GAAP earnings per share to be $9.28 and, as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $12.21. Increase in adjusted EPS of $0.05 is primarily due to the increase in EBITDA As Defined and lower weighted average shares outstanding, partially offset by higher interest expense. Please see slide 10 for a bridge detailing the $2.93 of adjustments between GAAP to adjusted EPS related to our guidance. Now, I'll hand it back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Terry. Before we start, I'd like to just ask that all of our analysts only ask initial, two questions at a time and then please reinsert yourselves into the queue, so that we can get through everyone's initial questions. Operator, we are ready to open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And thanks for the color on the aftermarket. Looks like you hired some good consultants. I know you're tracking ahead of sales in terms of orders by 8.5% year-to-date on bookings for aftermarket. Can you give us some color on year-on-year first half versus first half in 2016?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know. Liza, do you have it?
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sure. On the bookings (43:56)?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Myles, let's move on. We'll look it up for you. Okay?
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Yeah, no, that's fine. And then, the commentary you provided on the restructuring, the 8% reduction in head count, I imagine that's a pro forma basis of what you acquired over the course of the 18 months. Can you give us some color as to kind of excluding the acquisitions, what the level of productivity you're able to still get out of your core business? And obviously, there'd be low-hanging fruit in some of the acquisitions. So, I'm just trying to get at what's kind of still there on the core business that's run for an extended period of time already.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I would say, Myles, we still look at the  our goal in these businesses is to squeeze inflation out of the cost structure every year, even the old ones. And what we mean by that is to try and squeeze about 3% of the cost out. Now, I don't say we hit it on every one, but on average, we still get that out of most of the businesses.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And I would also say, if the market turns down, I'm pretty comfortable  this is primarily, I would say, the commercial OEM market. If that turns down, I'm pretty comfortable that we can move our cost structure down in line with that, assuming some reasonable turndown.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. I gave you two. So, I guess I'll stick there.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Barclays. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, all.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Nick, I wondered if you could expand a little bit on the commentary around the discretionary stuff in Schneller and Pexco and maybe tell us if that was anything related to particular models or market segment. I would assume that Schneller is more wide-body value oriented, but Pexco, I thought was primarily sky interiors on the 737. So, anything you can tell us about what you saw there?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I would say Schneller is wide-body-only, because it's just a function of square footage. They got more square footage on wide-body. I mean, it's on all the platforms. You just got more wall space on a wide-body.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, the weakness you saw there is wide-body related sort of by definition?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. We have just seen slowdowns in a number of programs. Honestly, I can't peg them for you, not because I'm not willing, just because I don't know the answer.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But you are right that Schneller in dollar volume  well, no, I'm not even sure of that. Per plane, it's more impacted by wide-bodies, but in dollar value, I think, they're pretty market-weighted. I think it's pretty market-weighted. Pexco, the best growth opportunity is those blue sky, that's where most of the growth come, but they're across all Boeing airplanes; not Airbus by the way, Boeing.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, clearly, you scrubbed the data on the aftermarket pretty hard. I don't know if you got a sense in going through that analysis, how your parts that were more cycles-based versus usage-based in terms of the replacement decision there; was there any difference and just in general terms about how those parts trended in growth in your analysis?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Over the period, I can't say there were. I can't say there were. I mean, I felt  again, I'm going to talk now about the commercial transport passenger stuff, which is the big chunk of it. I think what we found  as I said, Carter, that the closest proxy at least looking back is the growth rate in the out-of-warranty fleet.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks. I'll stick too.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much. Nick, thank you for the aftermarket color. Can you just expand on the dynamics with the ages of fleet and maybe where you're seeing certain model weakness and maybe where you're seeing a pickup with the 787s? Are they starting to see some overhauls or not yet?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not significantly, not significantly. I mean, I think, you can go back and do the same math. I mean, you can look at where our production airplanes are growing and where they're not. That's where we're seeing it too.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: 787, I can't see  you're not kicking much in yet. There is not enough of them getting outside of the window, well, I'd say the five-year window.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Got it. And then, just a quick one for Terry. Given you expect the cash balance to go back to $1.4 billion for year-end, are you taking a little break for the remainder of the year and just letting that cash balance build up or how should we think about the capital deployment?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we are always looking at our pipeline from an acquisition standpoint. And again, you can't determine when these deals will close, but we want to deploy the cash as efficiently as possible. So, again, not knowing when the potential acquisitions could close, that's where we would be at the end of the year. That's how I qualified my comments.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think I might add, as usual, as we move through the year, we'll look at our pipeline. Frankly, we'll look at the price of our stock. We'll look at what other opportunities and we'll decide, decide whether we keep the money or whether we get some back out to shareholders in some fashion.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Herbert with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hello.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Nick, I appreciate all the aftermarket color. Just wanted to follow up. I mean, I guess, implied or what wasn't said was as you look at the analysis you've done that you don't see much of an impact from, I guess, any sort of changes in airline behavior or all of the anecdotal evidence we've heard about in terms of airline just getting more cost conscious. Is that a fair statement? It sounds like it's really just your commentary really is just a reflection of (50:35).
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, Ken, what I tried to do is  and hopefully I made myself clear  was knock off some of the things that we have seen hypothesized at least for our business. Again, you have to remember, as I said, the unit price of our stock is pretty low. We don't get a lot of volume. There's no significant concentration. There is a ton of part numbers. So, we don't see the surplus of any significance. We don't see the PMA. As I said, the pooling, i.e. the inventory drawdown, I think that may be a viable explanation, though I don't have any good date on that for a year or so. It can't be for five years, I don't think. So, I think that's probably the best answer I can give you.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. No, that's helpful. And just as a follow-up to that, I mean, obviously, you've been into this market a lot longer than a lot of us. I know you really, I mean, looked over the last five to six years, but do you think the last five to six years you saw a step change relative to periods prior to that or difficult to say at this point?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think the primary thing  and I'm now, to some degree, in the hypothesis mode, backfitting the answer to the data, I think, for TransDigm, the two significant things are, one, whatever it is coming on 14-year run up of our new airplanes, production rates, has interjected an unusually high percent of airplanes in the under five-year life, which depresses, I think, the rate of growth or the rating usage for spares and repairs. I think that is probably number one. And I think the second is, the mix of TransDigm's aftermarket, whereas if you went back 10 years ago, I don't know, but I would guess it was 80%, 90% commercial transport per passenger, is now 70%. There is more other stuff in there. I think those are probably the two factors.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I do think, if you had a more traditional expansion contraction cycle and production rates, they maybe ran up five years, ran down five years, up five years. I think you drift back closer to the RPM number.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, no, that's very helpful. And if I could, just finally, on the defense side, DDC in particular, can you just comment on how that's performing now? We're coming up obviously close to the anniversary for that. It seems like it's been doing well and should benefit from a lot of the fundamental backdrop, but can you specifically highlight that acquisition?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, we don't give out numbers on individual operating units, but I can tell you that we are still tracking just fine our value-creation model. We buy it. We have to see a PE-like return and we put together a model that does that and that's tracking that nicely.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. I'll stop there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Nick, this may sound like splitting hairs, but is it possible to actually give us the precise start time of the window, the multi-year window, that you analyze there?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. You noticed that I kept saying five, six years?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But you might have noticed that five, six years was not one number.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's right.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: What we did, Noah, is we did it over six years and we did it over five years. And depending where you made the cut-off, you got a somewhat different answer. So, we just averaged the two.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Yes, I mean, the reason I ask is your business had such a high growth rate in the sixth year ago, that comparing your total growth to what you're talking about for volumes, ex-price, makes a big difference in trying to make that comparison. So...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, we averaged the two. Though I have to say, I'm just looking at the data right now, as you talk, Noah, if I look at 2011, almost everybody was up above the mid-teens.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, right.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, anyway...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But if you're giving me an industry number for that window on units or your number for that window on units and then I wanted to compare your total growth to that, your average, it's makes a big difference if I'm using five or six. And therefore, that variance is different.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And that's why we took the whole industry, Noah, and averaged them too. We took five and six, added them up, divide by two.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That helps.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's just because you had a funny number when you did one or the other.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Noah, I'll say again, I'm just looking at this chart, the numbers that everybody are way up in that first year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Well, I think, you're still coming off global financial crisis at that point in time.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Could well be.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: It seemed a little bit removed from it, but I don't know.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Could well be.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: On the cash flow statement, I guess, year-to-date has been a little better than the normal first-half seasonality. What are you guys looking for, for the full year for free cash flow?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I think we guided to, it was around $750 million to $800 million at the beginning of the year and I think our expectations are still there. We haven't come off of that and at this point in time, I think we're still in that line. Last quarter, we guided $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion for end-of-year cash balance. You can back out the free cash flow to-date and you can do the math on the back half of that, it will get us there.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: When I'm doing that math, should I have literally zero between CapEx and the bottom of the cash flow statement? Just because there's so many line items in there that are extremely hard to predict and I don't know what you guys have in getting to that cash balance. Do you know what I mean?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, the way to look at it is  I think what we talked about is take our EBITDA number and we like to be over 50% on conversion to cash after cash interest, which we have said that it should approximate cash taxes, cash interest. Cash tax will approximate the GAAP rate and then you can determine your free cash flow. Then, you have a couple  a little bit of working capital to that, but we still expect to be that free cash flow around $800 million for that year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, year-to-date, I think we're just at around $350 million something. So, you can see it back-end loaded as it typically is.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Is getting to $1 billion of free cash flow next year in the scenario analysis?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're not going to comment on next year quite yet. We've got to finish up this year. So, you'll know that when we come out with our forecast for next year in Q4.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I would guess, Noah, I don't think, you've kind of pays your money and takes your choice on what next year's EBITDA forecast is.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think the percent cash spin-off changes substantially. If anything, as the net goes down a little, you might get a little more.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, if you take our midpoint and grow that EBITDA by 9%, 10% (58:19) and then do the 50%, you'd probably get to where it would be.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right, except the EBITDA growth, as you were, at least historically on average has been much better, but, yes, now I got you. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss with UBS. Your line is open.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Interesting data, Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Want to touch on the EBITDA margin guidance. I think you're 47.8% in the first half, calling for 48% for the full year. So, some improvement in the back half of the year, but, yeah, between more volume and based on your guidance, it looks like a better aftermarket mix. Why don't we see even better adjusted EBITDA margins than what you're calling for in the back half of the year?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. We got a little bit of a down-pull from Schroth. So, that isn't real big, but it pulls you down a little bit and that's our best judgment now. We'll see how it plays out. I mean, if you take out Schroth, it's not inconceivable to be a little better.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, on the aftermarket bookings running ahead of shipments for the year, how good of an indicator are  is that bookings number of what we're going to see on a go-forward basis? In other words, kind of how much visibility does that provide you versus how much do you have to just so short-cycle that you don't really ever see it in your bookings number?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. We're surely not booked up. We're not booked up for the balance of the year. So, there is some risk. There is some risk, but when we put the combination of the bookings running ahead and we're also  we think it's a positive that when we look at our major distributors, their point-of-sale is picking up or has picked up pretty significantly through the quarter, the mix of those two gives us some confidence. But I mean, I don't want to be deceptive here, we're not booked out through the end of the year yet.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, got it. All right. I'll stick to two. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. Nick, you did mention pricing in the quarter and I imagine you had your usual calendar-year price increases. I was wondering, if you could comment on whether anything unusual had occurred there.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't  I think the price dynamics in our business and in our markets, in our segments is  there's nothing odd about this quarter.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And that goes to defense versus civil versus biz jet?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That was across the company. Honestly, Rob, I can't tell you segment by segment by segment if there's any variation, but in total, the pricing dynamic is not different than it typically is.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then  and secondly, in the past, you've commented about inventory destocking perhaps being one of the issues in the aftermarket. Now, you've done more analysis of that. Do you think that's no longer an issue and this concept of younger aircraft being more efficient is much more important?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, I didn't say necessarily more efficient. What I said is, well, I guess, I did, but I said they are in the, what I call, warranty period and during that period, they consume very few parts, at least of our kind of parts. They're either covered by warrant. Here, they just  frankly, just don't use this stuff. I would expect, as they come out of that five-year period, they would start to pick up their consumption. Now, could there be a little bit of efficiency? Maybe, but I don't have a good sense of that yet. I don't think it's substantial once they get out of that sort of a happy window.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So, generally, less concerned about spares on the shelves of the airlines or the distributors then?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, that's right. At least over this time period  Rob, what I tried to say is I just don't see how that could be a significant factor over a five-year period.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: There couldn't be that much inventory in the system. Then also, I have to say, we don't hear that from any of our operating units.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: All right. Thanks for everything.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey, Matt.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So, again, appreciate the insight on the commercial aftermarket volume drivers. Could you touch on whether there are comparable structural issues impacting price? And I guess, you can back in commercial aftermarket price in the, I guess, low-single digit kind of range over the past five years. Can you touch on whether there are big factors driving that either direction?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not sure I follow your question, Matt, but I'll give it a try. I would say the pricing dynamic in the commercial aftermarket has not changed materially over that period. Is that your question?
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, essentially. I mean, there are a lot of important factors impacting your volume once you shared a lot of good insight into. But, I guess, is the pricing component of your revenue growth in commercial aftermarket over the past five years, is that moving higher or lower within that?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think it's changing substantively.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And I don't want to be cute about that, just to be clear. The pricing dynamic in the commercial aftermarket and our ability to get results has not changed.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, just a quick follow-up. Did you repurchase stock since the end of the second quarter? I guess, it was around $220 million (01:04:58) in April. I don't know if that would have triggered your 10b5-1, but...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I can't talk about anything, Matt, beyond the quarter.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. We did $190 million. We talked about $150 million, that's last quarter, so $340 million is the total number we purchased during the quarter.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. As you probably know, during these blackout periods, we have to set a formula and buy under a 10b5 plan. So, once we kind of launch it, our ability to modify it is limited.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Almost zero.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: As a matter of fact, it's exactly zero.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, but if your average price in the quarter was $224 and the stock was below that early in 3Q, I mean, I'm assuming you might have bought more if the terms weren't changed, but I guess we can wait.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We can't change it.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're locked into, we need to put a little baskets and ranges and so we have to execute to that. So, we don't have the hindsight to be able to select (01:06:05).
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, right. Okay. Understood. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Hey, guys.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hi, Rob.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: So, Nick or Kevin, back to David's question on the bookings, book-to-bill was, I think, over 1.1 last quarter, 1.08 this quarter in the aftermarket. How big a piece of the business did those book-to-bill numbers represent that we haven't seen anything like that translate through here?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I guess, I'm not sure of your question, Rob.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Well, I mean, if your bookings are up, like 10%, but your aftermarket's up low, low-single digits, are those bookings just a small piece of the aftermarket?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I mean...
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Are we going to have 10% growth  what's that?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we've told you what we think the growth is for the year and you can pretty well back into that. Rob, you could take it  what is it year-to-date? 1-ish or something like that?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Aftermarket volume.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. 1-ish, we've given you a forecast for the year, so you can pretty well figure out what the second half is.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: But, Nick, if you have a quarter like this one, where your book-to-bill is 1.085, right, there should be a future quarter with 8.5% growth if those bookings represent a full quarter of aftermarket.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, obviously, what we book, we will ship. I mean, what makes us feel comfortable about the second half of the year is that the bookings are coming in higher and the distributors are selling through.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: So, I mean, I know what you've said for the year, but it would seem that these robust bookings in the first two quarters should do better than that for the second half.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I hope they do, but I mean, the number we're giving you as guidance is mid-single digits. And you do the math. Now, also...
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Well, you're right, you're up 1% so far.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But let me finish, Rob. Rob, the book-to-ship, the denominator's not the same. The book-to-ship against the first half, you're rising. So, the relationship between the two isn't the same.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay, but, I guess, what you're telling us is we're going to see something around 10% in the second half.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I guess, I'm exactly  I mean, you can figure out exactly what I'm telling you, right? I mean, you can take  you could take where we are year-to-date and you could take 5% for the year or, say, mid-single digits or something like that, you can average it up and you figure out exactly.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Except you're not fully booked for the...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right. You're not fully booked. There's some risk to it.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. I just want to get an idea of how comfortable you are. And while we're on that, for question two, what would you say the biggest risk in the guidance is and where is the greatest conservatism?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Rob, I don't want to give  we put these in and we make our best judgment on the number. I mean, I can give you  I think there's very little risk in the commercial OEM business and I think there's very little risk in the defense OEM business, just because those platforms are  somebody, I guess, could do some inventory restocking, but I think we probably would have seen that by now. The risk is where it always is. The risk is in the aftermarket. That's the shorter cycle stuff and it's the higher-margin stuff.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. I'm just trying to reconcile the guidance to what you saw in the first half and the fact that you're not fully booked and just understand the confidence level on all that.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I think the way you might think about it is if you use  right, if you're up 1% for the first  and this doesn't  math doesn't work exactly, Rob, because the denominators aren't the same. But if you're up 1% or 1.5% for the first half of the year and you're booking at 8.5%, if you assumed 8.5% was the second half of the year and you added the two up and divide by two, you'd be...
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Mid-single digits.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...kind of mid single-digits.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: If you add to that  but I also realize, Rob, as I say again, the denominators aren't exactly the same, because they're rising, but that sort of give you a general sense and I think when you add that to the fact that we go out and we look at our distributors picking up, it makes us feel better. Now, can I tell you that's what it's going to look like in July, how the (01:11:03) distributorship grew? Of course, I can't. But as we sit here today, look at those two  those kind of couple of facts, it makes us feel like this is a reasonable number.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. All right. Well, thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You're welcome, sir.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael S. Rednor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. This is actually Mike Rednor on for Seth. So, my question is around the defense and kind of the growth that's going on there. What changed kind of in your outlook to drive sales higher? And was it one specific thing or can you offer some color around just the defense business? Thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Kevin, you want to take that (01:11:54)?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, sure. We've seen an increase in requests for quote activity across the ranch. Not all of it has translated into orders yet. I think there's pent-up demand possibly. So, we're seeing strong inquiries across the business, some strength in defense aftermarket and a nice rebound in OEM, some of which was the large program I talked about. But even without that, we would have seen defense OEM orders pick up. Does that answer your question?
Michael S. Rednor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: (01:12:33) can't point to discrete platforms. It's kind of across the board, except for the one large defense OEM booking that I called out. That tends to be across the ranch.
Michael S. Rednor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey guys good morning. This is Bill Ledley on for Gautam. Had a quick question about second sourcing initiatives. Boeing is talking a lot about their own proprietary parts business, especially in the actuation side. Have you seen any increased encouragement second sourcing on the OEM side or the aftermarket?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You mean, on  the things that we have seen them do have been for items where they own the IP. Essentially, they've been giving the work out on a make-to-print basis. That is, there's very little of our business that is subject to that. Vast majority is our own IP and we have not seen any intrusion into that.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks. And then, could you just remind us when your partner for success agreement ends and when you have to start negotiating for the next round?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It ends in 2019. It ends in 2019  2018, end of 2018, excuse me, end of 2018. And I suspect fairly soon, we will.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And just one last quick one, when did the comps in biz jet and helo start to flatten out?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know the answer to that. You mean if we looked at our quarterly OEM shipments?
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah. I think you called out some green shoots of life in that business in terms of orders in the quarter. Just kind of wondering when the revenue starts to kind of pick up on a year-over-year basis.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we gave you our forecast for the year and we gave it to you in the segments. I'm not going to break it down. I don't want to break it down any finer than that.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. Well, thanks so much.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I would say it's hard. Yes, we saw some decent booking numbers for business jets for the quarter or the first half, but if you also  if you look at all the noise around the business jet and the forecast production rates, it's hard to get too excited about that.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you so much.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Drew Lipke with Stephens. Your line is open.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the time.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: You just underwent this commercial aftermarket study and I'm curious, you mentioned the commercial aftermarket mix. If you look at the  just isolating commercial aftermarket and large transport there, I'm curious what platforms currently generate the most revenue for you in that segment right now?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We are almost market-weighted. Matter of fact, we are just about market-weighted. So, I mean, you could go through and figure it out yourself. I mean, what I, frankly, haven't done it, but we generally track, I mean, probably seat miles by platform or something like that is going to be our distribution. We're more pretty much market-weighted.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And on the better defense outlook, I'm curious with  how quickly should we see an increase in defense aftermarket with  the spare parts focused and spare parts funding focused and addressing those critical readiness needs?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's tough. I mean, the truth is, I don't know. The speed  when the government releases money, when it bubbles down to us is awful hard to predict. As Kevin said, we are starting to see some modest pickup, but I mean, I can't tell you whether that will spike up or flatten out. I mean, we feel reasonably good about it from the balance of this year.
Drew Lipke - Stephens, Inc.: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Noah?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, can you hear me?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. Noah, I think this is quite disciplined, to ask two questions and get back in the line, I'm impressed.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Some would dispute if my first round was two, but it was  it was As and Bs under one and two.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I see, I see, we are keeping the track now.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. So, the aftermarket bookings ahead of shipments, it's 8.5% in the first half?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And I believe that was 12% in the first quarter. So, is it 12% in the first quarter and 5% in the second quarter?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's less. It's less.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not looking at the number, but it averages 8.5%.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And so, is the reason that the 12% doesn't immediately flow through to a similar revenue growth rate that, that 12% is comparing to 1Q revenue in the denominator.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Right.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Whereas 2Q revenue growth is the year ago, which was a higher absolute revenue?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. The denominators aren't the same.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Right. So, 12% over the lowest Q1 doesn't reflect the 12% growth in Q2, you know what I'm saying.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. I got it. And what is that number...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think the best way to look at that, Noah, is at least the way I look at it is, it's not mathematically perfect, but if you're bringing in work at 8.5% higher than you're shipping it out, that's a reasonably positive indicator.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right. What is that number on a trailing 12-month basis? Do you know?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know the number. It's probably  I don't know it's a public number or not, but I don't know the number.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, I don't know if you guys give it quite every quarter. And what is the sort of time it takes to extinguish bookings in that business?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You mean  yeah, yeah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Like, when does it all convert?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. It's not consistent by  across our businesses, but it's surely less than six months on average.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Less than six months, okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I would guess, Noah, and I'm giving you a rough estimate, I don't know this number now, but I would guess, it's three to four months backlog.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. So, some in the first quarter, some in the quarter after that, maybe a little bit.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Right.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Right. I mean, again, what makes us feel positive is that  (01:19:40) feel some confidence in the second half is we see the bookings running ahead. And even though a lot of our business doesn't go through distributors, that's our best look. That's another good look. And we see that pick up and that gives us a positive deal.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, that makes sense. And then, just last one. Did you guys quantify defense aftermarket growth in the quarter and also there the bookings versus revenue?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. We just give a total number for defense.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Do you have that aftermarket breakout? (01:20:16)
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I would tell you, I didn't give you the growth rate, because I don't know it, but the  basically, the aftermarket split versus OEM is about the same in defense as it is in the overall business.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: A little over half aftermarket.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right. Okay. So, it doesn't sound like the growth rate in the  doesn't sound like that's been  like the aftermarket has been growing much faster than OE there and necessarily. Just curious of the shorter-cycle piece of that business.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, no. For the year, the OE has been growing faster than the aftermarket.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: In defense?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: In defense, in total, for the six-month period. And that's somewhat influenced by some quite a big order in the second quarter.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right. This is Kevin. (01:21:16)
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Oh, hold it, hold it, never mind, Noah, I'm looking at the bookings.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, you're right. You're right, year-to-date, the aftermarket's up, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Can you precisely quantify it if you're looking right at it?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, I can't precisely quantify it. I don't know how to figure it out.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's fair enough. I got it directionally then. Thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But the bookings are going  I gave you the bookings. I told you the bookings are the other way.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, by the way, just to be clear, the aftermarket is up. It's not  for the bookings, it's not declining, it's just the OEMs jumping faster.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. So, I was disciplined too, so I get one more.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Here's another disciplined soul.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: The distributor commentary you had on look-through sales, I just want to make sure I understand what you're saying. Are you saying that the distributors selling your products were up double-digit in terms of the sales that they're seeing and you were down 1.5%?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. We are saying that the  if you compare our dollars sold and primarily we look at that, there may be all (01:22:41), because that's where we get the best information. The odds and ends are little wounds, but they're just as good (01:22:45), but they're quite good, the data. What we're saying is, if you take the Q2 sales, for this Q2 against Q2 of the previous year, they're up significantly and up well above the price increase.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Were your sales into the distributors different? You said it's down 1.5% on an organic basis. Was there a big difference between what your sales in the distribution was year-on-year versus your sales on a non-distribution year-on-year?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know the answer to that. I don't know the answer to that.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I just had one number for commercial aftermarket. I don't know the...
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Okay, I just wanted to know the definition of look-through, because it would, obviously, imply that they might liquidate their inventory.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, well, anyway, I don't know the answer. I know where you're going.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. Okay. And then the other one on the denominator, how much of your aftermarket sales are first half versus second half historically in terms of weighting? Is it proportional to sales, the overall company sales; is that best way to guess?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, that's probably a decent estimate. That's probably a decent estimate.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right, good. Thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Liza Sabol for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'd like to thank you all for calling in today and please look for our 10-Q that we will file sometime tomorrow. Thanks, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC Michael F. Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. We'll have a question-and-answer session later and the instructions will follow at that time. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to welcome and turn the call to Ms. Liza Sabol, Head of Investor Relations.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Carmen. I would like to thank all of you that called in today. And welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2016 first quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Details are contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release or a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, now let me please turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning. And thanks to everyone for calling in today. It looks like we got a pretty good crowd here calling in now. Today, as always, I'll start off with comments about our consistent strategy. I then like to give some color on both our military business and a few other topics relating to Q1. I'll then summarize the Q1 performance and an update on the guidance. Kevin will then go through some of the operating specifics for Q1, and Terry will run through the financials. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both net consistently and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. About 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products and about three quarters of our sales come from products, for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over half our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket sales have historically produced higher margins and provided relative stability through the cycles. Our longstanding goal is to give our shareholders over time, private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful management of our balance sheet. We follow a consistent long-term policy. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses, with significant aftermarket content. We have a simple, well proven value-based operating strategy, based around our three value-driver concepts. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that's closely aligned with our shareholders. Fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, where we see a clear path to private equity like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for capital allocation. To remind you, we basically have four and our priorities typically are as follows. Our first choice is always to invest in our existing business and our second is to make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy. These are almost always our first two choices. Our third choice is to give the extra money back to the shareholders, either through special dividends or stock buybacks. And our fourth is to pay off debt. Given the low cost of debt especially after tax, this is likely our last choice in current market conditions. Depending on the specific business and capital market conditions, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in the manner, we think, has the best chance to maximize returns to the shareholders. Now to update you on a few items of significance from the first quarter. Because we've gotten a number of questions recently, I'd like to give you a little color on our military business. In fiscal year 2016, military revenues made up 30% of our reported sales, a relatively small portion of this was sold directly to the U.S. government. I'll break the 30% down a little, based on our best estimates of the 2016 reported revenues. About 12% of our total revenues were sold to the domestic defense OEMs. This is a mix of sales primarily for both new airplane build and aftermarket sales. These are companies like, Lockheed, Boeing, Honeywell, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, UTC, et cetera. About 6% of our total sales were sold to foreign defense OEMs. This is also a mix of sales for both new airplane builds and some aftermarket. These are companies like, Airbus Defence, Dassault, Saab, Leonardo-Finmeccanica, et cetera. About 5% of our total revenues are sold to friendly foreign governments either directly or through broker distributors. These are generally users of U.S. equipment, some examples include UK, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Israel, Japan, South Korea and Denmark, just to name a few. About 5% of our total revenue or about $150 million is sold directly to the U.S. Government through various agencies, the largest direct supplier by a significant amount is the Airborne military parachute business that we acquired in late 2013. About another 2% of our total revenue or somewhere around $60 million is sold to the U.S. Government through various brokers or distributors. This is spread over many of our operating businesses and a number of brokers and distributors. A substantial part of this revenue is sold to small disadvantage and/or women-owned brokers or distributors in response to government buys directed to the small businesses. We do not own a whole or in part any broker distributor. Our only relationship is as a supplier. We've also added a number of questions about the impact of potential income tax law changes. We, of course, have no idea what if any tax changes may ultimately come to fruition. As I'm sure you all know, the rumors change regularly. However, based on estimates of both the so-called House and Trump plan, it appears to us that for our 2016 reported income tax, our income tax would be no higher and would likely be a bit lower under either plan, and Terry will give you a little more detail on this. In any event, at least as we understand the various tax proposals today, I think it's very unlikely that any of these changes would materially impact either our business or our capital allocation strategies. This quarter, we were pretty active in the capital markets. In Q1, we raised about $1.2 billion of debt to both partially fund the special dividend and also to refinance some of our existing debt. We paid out a $1.4 billion special dividend for $24 per share to our shareholders. We also plan to take advantage of a continuing strong credit market in early Q2 to refinance about $1.2 billion of our term loans. Our debt was trading a little over par. The purpose was to slightly reduce interest rates and, also, to extend the maturity. We did not intend to raise any new money at that time. When the stock dropped 10% on Friday, January 20, the debt traded down to par or slightly below. As a result, the expense to do the refi didn't make any sense with no interest rate savings; so, we put the deal on hold and will review the status regularly. Access to the market was not, and has never been, an issue. We simply just didn't see any savings and it wasn't worth the expense. As we've explained in the past, about 75% of our debt is either fixed or capped. The net result is to significantly reduce our exposure to interest rate movements through 2020, at least. Terry, again, will give you a little more detail on this. We bought about $150 million of our stock back after the drop in price on January 20, at an average price of about $225 a share. Since we were in a blackout period, we were limited to this $150 million by the 10b5 plan we had in place. On December 31, 2016, that's the end of the quarter, our liquidity was strong. We had slightly under $1 billion in cash, about $600 million of open revolver, and additional room under our credit agreement. We believe we have adequate capacity to make over $1.5 billion of acquisitions at this time. This grows steadily through the year. This does not imply anything about likely levels of acquisitions. We also announced two new key management changes in the first quarter. Kevin Stein was named President and Chief Operating Officer. Kevin is now responsible for most of our operating businesses. Bob Henderson was named Vice Chairman. Bob continues to be responsible for select businesses, but is also working with Bernie and I on business development and other issues. Our acquisition efforts remain active. The pipeline is, as usual, mostly small and mid-sized businesses, and closings are always difficult to predict. Now, Kevin's going to review a little detail on Q1 operating performance. But just to give a few comments, first, keep in mind, as you look at the Q1 versus the prior year Q1 comps, there are about 3% less shipping days in this year's Q1 versus the last. Though it's hard to exactly quantify the impact, this likely impacts our commercial aftermarket revenue comps more than other sectors. In total, Q1 organic revenue was up 3.5% versus the prior year Q1, roughly in line with our full-year guidance. The commercial OEM revenues were a little soft. Commercial transport revenues were down modestly. Business jet revenues were down more significantly. Bookings were up year-over-year in the commercial transport sector; were, again, soft in the business jet market. Commercial aftermarket revenue was up modestly versus the prior year Q1; however, on a very positive note, commercial aftermarket bookings or incoming orders were very strong. Bookings were also up significant sequentially and ran well ahead of the Q1 shipments. This is a good sign for the balance of the year. The defense revenues were up about 2.5% versus the prior year Q1. Bookings were down, but this appears to be timing. Operating margins were strong and up versus the prior year, and we continue to execute on our steady value creation process. Based on the Q1 full year results, our 2017 guidance, assuming no acquisitions or additional capital market activity in the fiscal year, is adjusted as follows. The midpoint of the fiscal year 2017 revenue guidance is now $3.55 billion. This is a slight increase of about $5 million versus the previous guidance. The midpoint of the fiscal year 2017 EBITDA As Defined guidance is now about $1.7 billion, an increase of $15 million from our previous guidance. This increase in guidance is due to the slight increase in revenue and a modest upward adjustment in our EBITDA margins. The midpoint of the EPS as adjusted is now anticipated to be $12.16 a share, up $0.18 from our previous guidance. This increase in guidance is also primarily due to the same reasons as the EBITDA: slight increase in revenue and a modest margin improvement. Terry will go through that in a little more detail. On a pro forma or same-store basis, the guidance is still based on the following growth rate assumptions. These are unchanged from our original guidance. Commercial aftermarket growth in the mid to high single digits; the strong bookings here are very encouraging. Defense and military revenue, flat to slightly up versus the prior year as a percent. Commercial OEM revenue growth in the low to mid single digit percent range. We're still assuming commercial transport unit airframe shipments are up in the low single-digit percents for 2018. We remain cautious about 2018 rates. Business jet shipments and bookings bear watching. We have significant cash and available borrowing. These continue to grow through the year, and Terry will expand on that. In summary, Q1 was a good solid start to the year. And now, Kevin?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. I'm going to provide a little more color with respect to Q1 fiscal year 2017 performance. First off, Q1 generally has about 10% less shipping days than the other three quarters of our fiscal year. But as Nick has stated previously, Q1 of fiscal year of 2017 had an additional 3% decrease in manufacturing days due to our holiday schedule and any planned plant shutdowns. As Nick stated earlier, the exact impact of this decrease is difficult to quantify across our operating units. For Q1 details, total company GAAP revenues and EBITDA As Defined were strong, with revenue up 16%, EBITDA As Defined up 21%. Organic revenue was up 3.5% for the quarter versus prior-year quarter, and EBITDA As Defined was strong at 47.3% of sales. The strength in EBITDA As Defined as a percentage of sales was due to a mix shift to a higher aftermarket sales content. Now, let's review our revenues by market category, again, on a pro forma basis versus prior-year Q1; that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods, like the measure for same-store sales. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, our total commercial OEM revenues were down about 4% versus prior Q1. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up the vast majority of our commercial OEM revenue, were slightly down versus prior-year Q1. Bookings for this segment, and by bookings, I mean, incoming orders, increased modestly for Q1 versus prior year and outpaced fiscal year 2017 Q1 sales. Booking fluctuations in the commercial OEM market are most likely timing-related and have been recently impacted by the publicized wide-body rate reductions at Airbus and Boeing, and any related inventory management in the supply chain. At this point in the year, we remain comfortable with the assumptions that led us to low-to-mid single-digit commercial OEM revenue growth. Business jet revenues make up about 15% of our commercial revenues. In total, revenues in this market continued their downward trend in Q1 fiscal year 2017, coming in well below prior year Q1. Given the performance of this market recently, this result was not unexpected. Bookings for Q1 fiscal year 2017 exceeded same quarter sales. However, any optimism for this sector is tempered by business jet OEM forecast. For the quarter, total commercial OEM bookings were flat versus prior-year Q1 and nicely exceeded shipping levels in the current quarter. As we have said, inventory management by our OEM customers and rate reductions on some platforms have created some headwind in the commercial OEM market, but we believe this is all timing-related and will return in future quarters as our shipset content has not changed. Total commercial aftermarket revenue was up approximately 3.5% for this quarter versus prior year Q1. Commercial transport aftermarket revenues were up 5%, but this was tempered by business jet aftermarket revenues, which were down a bit. On commercial aftermarket bookings, commercial transport aftermarket bookings grew at slightly more than 12% and outpaced current quarter sales by 12% as well. This was broadly based across most of our operating units. Business jet aftermarket bookings were up modestly versus prior year Q1, but flat with current quarter sales. On the freighter market, the business appears to have stabilized and bookings are trending in the right direction. For our fiscal year-to-date and notwithstanding any inventory reductions in the supply chain or bookings timing, we remain comfortable with our assumptions for the commercial aftermarket segment of growth in the mid to high single digits. Now, let me speak about our defense market, which remains relatively unchanged at about 30% of our total revenue. Defense revenues for fiscal year 2016 Q1, which include both OEM and aftermarket revenues were up slightly versus the prior year Q1. The story for Q1 is of strong defense aftermarket revenue growth combined, tempered by defense OEM declines due to program timing. Additional fiscal year 2017 Q1 defense bookings were weak coming in well below prior year Q1 due to the timing of large defense orders in our Airborne Systems North America group. As you know, this business delivers parachutes to the U.S. military and other global customers. These orders are historically very lumpy. If you adjust for this, our defense bookings were modestly up year-over-year. We remain comfortable with our market assumptions that led us to a flat to slightly up revenue growth forecast for the total defense segment in fiscal year 2017. Moving to profitability and on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q1 were refinancing cost, non-cash compensation expense, and acquisition related costs and amortizations. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $385 million for Q1 was up 21% versus prior Q1. The EBITDA As Defined margin was 47.3% of revenues for Q1, EBITDA margin excluding the dilution from the impact of acquisitions purchased in 2016 was over 48% or up approximately 2.5 margin points versus the prior period indicating our base businesses continue to find opportunities to drive improvements within our value drivers, and our recent acquisitions are coming up the curve quickly. Finally, I thought I would provide a little color on one of our key value drivers for TransDigm, that a profitable new business growth. Frequently we update on key awards by business unit, but I thought I would provide a little more color on our engineering investment across TransDigm. As a combined entity, TransDigm invests only 7% of our operating costs on engineering. For this purpose, we are defining operating costs as a total revenue minus EBITDA. We are evaluating as a percent of cost, as we believe comparisons to revenue may be misleading due to differences in profitability. This investment level has been relatively consistent over time and compares favorably to others in our industry. This engineering investment drives our product development and cost reduction initiatives, and has allowed the following shipset growth on same-store comparative basis to ensure that the design awards rewards not acquisitions are driving this improvement. For the Boeing 787 platform, our shipset content now has grown significantly when compared with previous platforms. So the Boeing 777X, Boeing 737 Max and Airbus A320neo platforms, we are up modestly over prior platforms, as the OEMs desire to minimize design changes to the platform. For the Airbus A350, TransDigm has nearly doubled its shipset content when compared to prior platforms. A400M has more than doubled shipset content when compared to competitive military freighters. And finally, the JSF program has also seen shipset growth over prior platforms. Let me conclude by stating, all in all, Q1 of fiscal year 2017 was a good start to our year. With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. I'd like to expand on a few items included in our quarterly financial results, and then provide some color regarding the impact from potential tax policy changes. First quarter net sales were $814 million, up $112 million or approximately 16% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions of Breeze-Eastern, DDC, and Young & Franklin/Tactair contributed $88 million of additional sales for the period. Our first quarter gross profit was $444 million, an increase of 19%. Our reported gross profit margin of 54.6% was 1.2 margin points higher than the prior year. Excluding all acquisition-related non-operating expenses, our gross profit margins versus Q1 last year improved approximate 2.5 margin points due to the strength of our proprietary products, continually improving our cost structure and favorable product mix. Our selling and administrative expenses were 12.5% of sales for the current quarter, compared to 11.7% in the prior year. Excluding acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation, SG&A was about 11.2% of sales, compared to 9.9% of sales a year ago. The higher SG&A was primarily related to higher selling and admin costs related to recent acquisitions. We had an interest  an increase in interest expense of approximately $34 million, up 30% versus prior-year quarter. This is a result of an increase of 31% in the weighted average total debt to about $11 billion in the current quarter versus $8.4 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was due to borrowing an incremental $1.9 billion in June 2016, and $1.2 billion in November to primarily fund acquisitions, pay off our 2021 bonds and pay the special dividend. Also during the quarter, we entered into a new $500 million interest rate swap, fixed at 1.9%, and a new $400 million interest rate cap at a cap rate of 2.5%. Including all interest rate swaps and caps, approximately 75% of our debt is fixed or capped. We are currently assuming average LIBOR of 1% for the current year, which then yields at a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5%. If LIBOR were to increase to 4%, our weighted average interest rate would increase 1% to 6%. This would increase our after-tax interest expense by approximately $75 million. We now expect our full-year fiscal 2017 net interest expense to be approximately $588 million. Refinancing expense in the quarter was $32 million from the financing completed in November. Now, moving on to taxes. In Q4 of fiscal 2016, we adopted a new accounting standard related to the accounting for excess tax benefits for share-based payments, including stock option exercises and dividend equivalent payments. As a result, our GAAP tax rate will now generally approximate our cash tax rate during an entire fiscal year. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 14.4% in the current quarter, compared to 21.1% in the prior year. The lower effective rate in the first quarter was primarily due to excess benefits from the dividend equivalent payments. We now estimate our full-year GAAP tax rate to be around 28%. Excluding the accounting standard change, our effective tax rate is still estimated to be around 31%. To remind you, this is the rate we use in calculating our full-year adjusted EPS. Our net income for the quarter decreased $11 million or 8% to $119 million, which is 14.6% of sales. This compares to net income of $129 million or 18.4% of net sales in the prior year. The decrease in net income primarily reflects the refinancing costs and higher interest expense, partially offset by the increase in net sales and lower effective tax rate. GAAP EPS was $0.41 per share in the current quarter, compared to $2.23 per share last year. The current quarter was significantly impacted by the $96 million of dividend equivalent payments or $1.70 per share paid in the quarter, primarily due to the $24 per share dividend. This compares to $0.05 per share paid in the prior period. Just as a reminder, the accounting retreatment requires this payment to be deducted from the actual net income before earnings per share is calculated. Our adjusted EPS was $2.57 per share, an increase of 13% compared to $2.27 per share last year. Please refer to table 3 in this morning's press release which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity, we generated $226 million of cash from operating activities and ended the quarter with $972 million of cash on the balance sheet. As Nick mentioned, in January, we spent approximately $150 million to repurchase 667,000 shares. As a result, we now expect our full-year weighted average shares to decrease to approximately 56.1 million shares. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activities, we now expect our cash balance at September 30, 2017, to be between $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion. The decrease from the last quarter's estimate is primarily due to the share repurchases, timing of interest and principal payments, and the escrow release on purchase price  of the purchase price associated with the Breeze-Eastern dissident shareholders. We also expect that roughly $600 million in undrawn  revolver and additional capacity under our credit agreement. The company's net debt leverage ratio at quarter-end was 6.2 times our pro forma EBITDA as defined, and the gross leverage was 6.8 times our pro forma EBITDA. We estimate our net leverage at September 30, 2017, will be approximately 5.6 times assuming no acquisitions or capital market transactions. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP EPS to be $9.29, and as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $12.16. Increase in the adjusted EPS of $0.18 is primarily due to the increase in EBITDA as defined. The higher interest expense was offset by the decrease in weighted average shares outstanding. Please see slide 10 for the bridge detailing  the $2.87 (31:07) of adjustments between GAAP to adjusted EPS related to this guidance. In summary, Q1 was a good start for fiscal 2017. Finally, I would like to spend a few minutes to expand on Nick's comments earlier related to the future income tax changes under the House plan. Again, to reiterate, we do not know what the ultimate outcome is going to be, but we wanted to give some perspective based upon our actual 2016 fiscal year as a reference point. First, the statutory tax rate is expected to decrease from 35% to 20%. I think most people understand the potential impact of the interest on our debt not being tax-deductible. However, we suspect many people do not understand the impact of the border adjustment. As you may know based upon our disclosure included in our most recent 10-K, we have over $1.1 billion of sales to foreign customers, a good portion of these sales are associated with our U.S.-based businesses. Based on our understanding of the House plan, the foreign sales from our domestic subsidiaries will not be subject to the U.S. income taxes. Based on the size of our foreign sales, you can see that the benefit will more than offset the loss benefit to our interest deduction. In summary, we believe that the House plan as it's currently proposed, could be beneficial to the overall U.S. tax position of the company. Now, I will hand it back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Terry. First, I would like to ask everyone to please limit your questions to two and then reinsert yourself into the queue, so that everyone will have a chance and opportunity to ask their questions. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning, all.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Nick, just wondered, I mean, we've gone through, now, several quarters on the weaker business jet, helicopter segment there. I just wondered if you could give us some color. Are you seeing any de-stock there associated with the kind of next leg down in rates? And when do you think, if we don't see another reduction in rates 2018 versus 2017, that that portion of the business reaches a bottom, sequentially speaking?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: The truth of the matter is, Carter, I don't know. The good news is it's not a very big part of our business. I look at all the  everything in the press, and I look at everybody. I look at the earnings releases and the statements by the business jet manufacturers. It's hard to get a lot of confidence in that. We think, at least last year, it was down fairly substantially, and it's starting off this year down some. There is obviously some inventory draw going on there, but I am reticent to forecast when that ends. I have to admit we have been singularly unsuccessful in calling a turn in this for the last three or four years.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Were you down sequentially...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not confident...
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: ...Q1 versus Q4?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't remember the answer to that. We have the numbers here. Was Q1 down versus Q4?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, in the OEM?
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Business jet...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah (34:57). Yeah, it is.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You'll always  frequently, you'll be down  you got the day issue between four and one, so you'll always be down some.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Absolutely. And on the days, you said 3%. That's two work days, correct?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Is it two?
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, two days.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Two.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Just under two days, yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, it's like 2 on 61 or something; 2 on 61 and 2 on 63.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. It's both  yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And the weight is up  if you weight it by operating unit, you'd get about the same number.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, I know you said it's tough to size, but presumably, you catch up that 3% in one of these other quarters in the remainder of the year...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: At some point, yeah. Yeah. But Carter, I don't know what the exact quarter-per-quarter count is in each quarter going forward.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But as I said, it's hard to exactly pin that to what it exactly did in the quarter. But I would say it is more likely to impact the commercial aftermarket where the turns are faster, plus frankly, you have some buffer in distribution.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Thanks. I'll let somebody else ask.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hey, and good morning, guys.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Nick, just a quick question for you; it's something we have been asked. If you look at some of the more recent acquisitions, it seems like you've had a bigger skew towards defense acquisitions as opposed to commercial acquisitions. Is there a trend there, or is it just happened how they popped up? I mean, how do you think about the difference between making a defense acquisition versus a commercial acquisition?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. We haven't made any conscious decision to move more aggressively into the defense world. That's just what we saw. We go through the same process. We go through  we forecast. We try to see what we can do with the margins. We assume the capital structure just like a PE kind of buy. I would describe it  it's just the way we (37:03) over that period.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's not a conscious attempt to change the defense content.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. And then, one more  one last question, if I may. In the last month of the year, we saw air traffic surge. Are you seeing those kind of trends continue into the beginning of this year? Was that sort of just an end of the year make-up, or are we seeing a real pickup in air traffic?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I can't really talk about things in our business that went past the quarter, but I would say, as Kevin and I  Kevin pointed out numerically and I talked about it directionally, the bookings  the commercial aftermarket bookings are up substantially, both sequentially they ran above the shipments and up year-over-year; and, I suspect that's reflective of some of that.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, Robert.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: So, Nick on  just following up a little bit on aftermarket. I wanted to peel the onion a little bit and maybe get a sense of your guidance bridge from really  from this first quarter plus 3.5% to the mid to high single digits for the year. So, let's throw out a couple things. You've said that the commercial transport was stronger in the quarter than the average at about plus 5%. Business jet, obviously, is still week, holding that back. Fewer shipping days in the quarter, so it seems like we should add about 3% to all these numbers. But doesn't the second quarter have a tough comp and also fewer shipping days with leap year last year? And so, does this mean that all of the real strength is in the second half of the year Q3 and Q4? How do we think about the cadence on aftermarket growth as we go through the year?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I would say that the quarterly days for the balance of the year comp the other, I just  I'm sure if you counted them, Rob, that's probably right. I just don't know the answer to that. I'd say, the main thing that gives me comfort, one, it's not unusual to start off a little slow in the first quarter. But I mostly take comfort from that the bookings are so strong. The bookings are up very substantially, and that's what gives me the best comfort.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: But don't those only give you about a one quarter look? What you  in other words, what you saw in the December quarter...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, something like that...
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: ... is going to give you a sense for the March quarter?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I don't know that that's an exact cutoff. But that's  I think, three or four months is probably a reasonable number. So, if your question is, do I know what's going to ship in the fourth quarter? I do not. I don't  we don't have the backlog, yet. But if I look at the metrics we see, which is air travel, which is we don't see distributor inventories out of whack  that's not to say there couldn't still be some at airlines; we don't see it at distributors. And we see the incoming bookings in coming quite strong; that gives us the comfort. Obviously, we don't know, yet.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, just as my follow-up, what's the latest on the M&A side? How does the pipeline look? How, if at all...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Pipeline is decent. Pipeline is decent. I mean, I think pretty good. It is  it  as usual, it  usually, it's small and midsize stuff. We'd always like bigger things, within reason. We don't want them too big, because we don't want to place all our chips on one bet. But I would say it's reasonably active, Rob; reasonably active if I look at it versus other time frames.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: And from a number of properties out there versus pricing, again, has that changed at all?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think the pricing has changed, at least  the next thing that closes, of course, I don't know what the price will be. But I don't see any indication that the pricing has changed.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's  good proprietary sole source stuff with a decent amount of aftermarket is pricing.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks, Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Nick, last year, I think you had a 350-basis-point headwind in your aftermarket from business jet, helicopter and freighter versus air transport. And I think in the quarter, you said it's about 150-basis-point headwind, what's baked into the full year in that mid to high single-digit growth? Does the headwind dissipate through the course of the year, is this, kind of 150 basis points, going to be with us for the duration?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We did not forecast any significant growth in that in our base forecast. I don't remember whether it was a little lower or not. But it wasn't a significant  it wasn't significantly up or significantly down. I just don't remember whether it was zero or minus 1, or something like that. We weren't figuring on anything here in the business jet world.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. I'm just kind of curious, the underlying growth last year in air transport was 9.5%, just curious what your assumption is for underlying air transport in the aftermarket for this fiscal year is. Did you have that?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I think we told you, right  oh, I see, you're trying to pull them out, right?
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You're trying to pull them out. Yeah, yeah.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, you could probably look at it  I'd probably figure, commercial transport's probably 85% of the volume.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And figure there, business jet is maybe zero, 1, maybe down 1 or 2 on the low side, up 1 or 2 on the high side, somewhere around zero, when you kind of back into it.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, the other question I got asked recently a fair amount was, maybe your sales in the military channel, how much is on commercial terms versus straight-up military terms, do you happen to know that?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know the exact number there, and one of the reasons I don't know the exact number is it's sometimes a little informal rather than  the bigger the order gets, the more informal that gets. And the smaller ones are a little more informal, but I would guess, I would guess, if you took all of our sales to the military  to the U.S. military, direct them to the brokers, I think you're probably in the 20% to 30% range, could be a little plus or minus on that.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, everyone.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Nick, just as a follow-up to that last question there, are your margins different when selling through a distributor versus direct in a sort of all-else-equal or like-for-like sale?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I know  the answer is I don't exactly know that answer, Noah, but I do not believe there's any substantial difference. I mean, we essentially sell for the same price usually, in the vast majority of the cases.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, I...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: (44:46).
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Makes sense. In the commentary about bookings being substantially ahead of revenue in the aftermarket, can you quantify that, like how fast did bookings grow year-over-year, or how much further ahead of revenue were the bookings?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: The  I'm not  the answer, as I said here is that I don't know that. Let me take a look. I'm going to look now at our magic cheat sheet here. And can you  can you give that number, Kevin? Yeah. (45:21)
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: 12%.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: 12%.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, about 12%.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So  sorry, bookings grew 12%.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: In other words, if you  if you ship the $100, we book $112.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thereabout.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Okay, great. And then, just one last one. Obviously  or seemingly, if you were to lose interest expense deductibility on new debt, that would come  that would be an offset to a lower corporate rate. But if I just ask you hypothetically, if you just lost interest expense deductibility on new debt and that was the only change to your tax policy, would that change how you run the business?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. No. I don't  no, if you hypothesize that interest rates went up to 20%, I might answer that differently. But anything  any realistic range or rates that I see, I do not  I don't see that changing anything we do. I don't see anything that we've seen talked about here that would change our fundamental business or capital market strategy.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And is that just because for every dollar of additional debt you take on, the accretion from deploying that towards an acquisition is a much larger number...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right. That's right.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: ...than the loss of  okay. Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right. And  or conversely  or another way, not conversely, but another way of putting that is if we used it to buy stock or pay out dividends, I would look at it as the cost of our equity is 15% to 20%. And that's after tax, and there's almost no interest rate I can think of that would make that a bad swap.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: I was just wondering, can we follow up on the M&A question just because it's been asked a lot, you'll have about $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion of cash at the end of the year, how are you thinking about that, deploying that a little bit more shorter term? And then, over the long term, is there any way you could quantify or talk about your addressable market, and how you think about attractive deals out there?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, on the  what do we do if we have $1.5 billion or $1.4 billion at the end of the year, I really don't want to speculate on that. I mean that's a long way off, we'll do what we always do, we'll look at our borrowing capacity, and we'll look at the backlog at deals, and we'll look at the credit market and the equity market, and we'll decide what to do with it. I mean, basically our choices are, right, hold it for some future acquisitions that we haven't seen yet, maybe, or start to pay back out to the shareholders. I mean that's pretty much what we always do. And as I sit here today, I just  I don't have to speculate on where we go, other than I think you can  I think you know pretty well how we think about this, and I don't see any change in our  in the way we look at it. And what was your other question?
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Just on the longer term, addressable market, has the size of deals changed or the number of deals being offered changed?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think so. I mean, as you know, this is a big market. There's lots of companies out there. The problem, it's not identifying companies we like, it's finding ones that are willing to sell, and that's just a continual sort of churning and then beating the bushes effort.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And then, if I could ask one more on the pro forma revenue growth versus the organic growth for the quarter, could you maybe recap how that works and just the delta between the two of them, and with the commercial OE being down 4%, aside from business jets, were there specific platforms that are driving the softness and where do you expect to pick up?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I'm going to  I'm going to pass to Terry on the pro forma versus the GAAP growth because I'm not sure I'd understand that if I use same-store.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: (49:35) the way I always look at it.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. What we do from a pro form standpoint is we look at the businesses, assuming that we've owned them for 12 months. So, we'll go back on acquisitions and look at their sales in the past, and add that in, and the growth of that  our pro forma growth was 3.5%. The GAAP number, I'm not sure, if you have that yet, that was GAAP...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That was GAAP.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: GAAP...
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: GAAP was 3.5%, yeah. We haven't given pro forma on that number, but it's pretty close to the same.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, simplistically, the GAAP number only reflects the portion of the year that you own the business. The pro forma number assumes we own the business as the whole year.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Right. So the underlying business was essentially a little bit better. I was just wondering what the drag was, if there was one, but maybe the difference is irrelevant?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know the answer.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then just a commercial OE pick-up throughout the year?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You mean, what is the growth?
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. What's starting pick up?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. It's a reflection of our shipset content. I mean, ROE forecast is pretty simple. I mean, we know our shipset content. We know the production rates for 2017. There's a little bit of an estimate because you don't know what's  if there's a cut in 2018, it could start to ripple back in to 2017 and you have little bit of guess where there is going to any inventory movement. But I mean, our shipset content hasn't changed. The production rates, we think, we were conservative going into the year, we still think we're conservative. So that's our logic.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question come from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Please go ahead, David.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: At the beginning, you talked about sole source proprietary percentages there. Can you compare how that looks commercial versus defense, what the overall competitive environment looks like in commercial relative to defense?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: David, I don't think it's materially different. I'd use roughly the same percent.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And I guess the question I always get, why do you think your view on why you don't generate more in the way of competition given the returns that obviously you guys put up over time, I guess both on the commercial side and the defense side?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, if you're not already in this business, it's just tough to get in. As you know, it's a pretty long gestation period to get into this. And product per product, they're pretty small market segments. So I think you know developed from scratch, it's relatively almost very small risk. I mean the other is, do you mean in the M&A world?
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, exactly.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. In the M&A world these  they tend to be smaller businesses. So one by one they get, where I'd mostly think of is PE, they tend to be small so that they're not as exciting for the other bigger PE firms or even the mid-size ones when they first come up. Frankly, it's tough to compete against us. If you're a PE firm that is looking in a proprietary aerospace business and you're outbidding us, you got to be pretty worried, right, because the only way you're going to do that is to be making a higher bet on the margin improvement. And the other thing is a couple have started it and frankly, we bought them. Odyssey started a roll up and we bought it. McKechnie, JLL started a roll up and we bought it with McKechnie.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then a follow-up, the bookings rate that you saw in the aftermarket side, any way, Nick, you can slice and dice that, discretionary, non-discretionary, how much might be a boost from initial sparing on the A350 or MAX or?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think there is  as I said, I don't know the exact number on the provisioning but I do not think it's very significant. We didn't see much for the Boeing 787 and I don't believe there's much to it there. I think if you look at the details, it's a pretty broad based booking pick-up across the vast majority of our businesses.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ken Herbert with Canaccord. Please go ahead, Ken.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, Nick, I just wanted to follow up. I just wanted to confirm for your military business, it's about 55% aftermarket, 45% OE, is that, oh, I'm sorry?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Something like that. Something like that.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I mean, that's the total average. I don't think the military is way off of that, I don't have the exact number here. Actually, excuse me, it's a little higher. It's more like 60%, 30% or 65%, 35%. Close to that.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah. Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, everybody is waving their hands at me.
Unknown Speaker: 55%
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay. So still 55% like I thought. When I said 55%, Ken, the whole place started to waving their arms.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: So about two-thirds, about two-thirds, one-third, then aftermarket versus OEM?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. No. No. No. Rough 55%, 45% just like the overall business.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then on the  I appreciate the comments that Terry or color on sort of your shipset content changes on some of the programs. Can you just provide any color on for these increases, I'm assuming obviously, the organic and factoring acquisitions, but how much of these any color on the price versus volume shift or how do you think about sort of your additional content on particular programs? And maybe, a little bit behind what's helping you win some of that in the marketplace?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: First, just I'm not sure I got the question right. But just the numbers Kevin gave they were like-like same-store.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: They were organic growth. It's not  the 787 content didn't go up because we bought the content. We compared it before and after with the same mix of businesses, so if you follow.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So it's like-like same-store. Why does it go up? Because I think we do a good job. I think we service the account. We're all over the engineering department. I think we are reliable deliverers, the stuff works and we chase it pretty aggressively.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. I mean, I guess...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Sort of the same reason you sell anything. I think the  you're asking me how much is pricing, how much is units, I think?
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Well, that's not much to  sorry, not so much units, maybe the share gain, obviously, share gain versus price?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know the answer to that. I can tell you it's not a whole lot of price because it's tough to get price at the OEM. I mean, it's some, but it's not a whole lot. So presumptively, that means there's some share gains, but I have to admit I don't know what the number is.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, thank you. Nick, I saw in the proxy filed last month that your board extended the deadline for naming Kevin CEO from I think December 2017 to December 2019 along with a few other changes to his comp metrics. Can you talk about what drove that change, and maybe the timing of it? Thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, yeah, nothing changed with my contracts, as you may or may not know. My contract presently runs through 2019, and my contract presently anticipates that, at some point, I could become an Executive Chairman. I think we changed it because Kevin became President and CEO here, as you know, and I think it more likely fits with our current thinking, though it mostly just gives us more optionality.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Good. And then, in terms of the bookings, is there anything  you said you're obviously bullish about the outlook for the year based on the strong bookings, and I get that, but is there anything that you're seeing in terms of the nature of the bookings that are changing? Like, are you seeing airlines buying things maybe like a little bit further in advance, maybe in fear of like limited parts availability or just better demand trends overall, if they're seeing that at all? Anything that gives you even more ...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think so. I can't ...
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: No?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: There's nothing that I could really point out that I have any confidence in in that. And I just want to be sure, I'm not  we're saying, we feel comfortable now with our forecast, our guidance for the year, which is the same as we started the year off with. So, we're not suggesting it looks far more bullish, just the strong bookings give us additional confidence.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Right. Okay. And then, one point of clarification. That 12% bookings over revenue, that's on a year-over-year change basis, right?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: On a what?
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: When you said bookings were 12% ahead of sales, that was on a year-over-year change basis, right?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. That's correct.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you very much.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we're mixing questions.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, we're mixing questions.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're mixing questions. If you compare the bookings....
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, let me say it in case I got them mixed up. If you look at the bookings this quarter against the bookings last quarter, in the commercial transport and aftermarket, they're up about 12%. Just coincidently, coincidently, if you look at the bookings this quarter against the shipments this quarter, they also are up somewhere around 12%. So, it's to say coincidently around the same number, which may be a little confusing.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Sure. So, what are bookings up year-over-year, then, if that makes...?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: 12%.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Oh. I thought you just said sequentially. All right, that's fine. 12%, got it. We'll follow up later if I need to. Thank you.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: ...getting me on here. Nick, can you just talk about  pricing is obviously one of the value drivers. Have you guys seen any change in the marketplace in regards to your pricing? Obviously, we've got some OEM involvement. The airlines are always looking, I guess, to get a better price. And then, just in addition to that, is there any difference in your pricing policy when you're selling a product exclusively through a distributor or direct to a customer?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Let's see. Let me answer that in a couple of ways. I could say, in total  that's not to say it couldn't be account by account, but when you roll the thing up in total, the pricing dynamics and the pricing numbers have not changed substantively for a number of years. It's still roughly we get the same answer. Maybe one unit this year is a little better than another one, but they all tend to put and take and weight up to about the same number, which is one we track very closely. The other question was the distributor versus direct?
Michael F. Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: In the military, we sell to the distributors and brokers where they get the same price. There is no difference there. In the commercial, I'm not sure of the answer to that. I think it's pretty  I don't think there's a material difference.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay. That's helpful. And then, just a last one, still some conservatism on the OE side. Have you guys made any changes, or do you plan on, to head count for your overhead?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I think, as you know, we sort of preemptively adjusted the head count about a year ago. I think we may have moved it down a little this quarter, but not by  Kevin, is that right? I think it was down a little.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But not on across the board, just units adjusted as it looked to them like they were a little softer or not a little softer. I think, right now  and this is mostly around the commercial transport cycle and when it might start to soften up, I think, right now, we think we've made about what adjustments we think are appropriate, but we'll keep watching it. Our concern is, how long does the commercial transport OEM cycle hold up. When does it start to soften? And when it does, how does that reflect back into this year? So far, we see no indication and we think, frankly, the numbers we used, which we think are still conservative.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Okay, perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, good afternoon.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hi, and welcome, welcome.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks very much. I appreciate it. So, following up on a prior question about margin improvement on deals, how much of that comes from price changes and what are the other key levers for profit improvement besides price when you're integrating a business?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I mean, it's essentially  it's not consistent across deals. I mean, it's essentially, we get the margin improvement essentially three ways: some price adjustment; some cost adjustment; and, hopefully, if we bought in to something that's growing, we get a little bit of operating leverage by the business growing. If not, the other way we can get it is by looking at the product lines and seeing if we want the profitable ones and the unprofitable ones. But the vast majority of it typically comes from natural market growth, price adjustment and cost adjustment.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Okay, great. And then, so you bought back a bunch of stock at $225. Should we assume that was just one-time opportunistic or what are the expectations here now that you're after the quarter out of a blackout period?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, we'll decide that  the capital allocation is something we'll decide based on how things look when it comes time to make that decision. I'd say the buy through the quarter, frankly, we would have bought more, but we were stuck with the 10b5 plan that, essentially, you have to put it on automatic pilot. And it was on automatic pilot when we made the buys and at what amount we could buy. If we had it to reset, we frankly would have put more  we would have set more in it.
Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Okay. All right, great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for your time. Nick, just a quick question, and thanks for all the color on the military side. Just in general, with your guidance flat to slightly up this year, and you have  again, I think you mentioned 55% tied to aftermarket, any thoughts on the sensitivity around if readiness spending really ramps up and how that impacts your business?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Oh, yeah, ramp-up in readiness spending is good. At this point, I'd be very cautious about predicting any significant change in this year. They got to get the budget. They got to place the orders, then it takes a while to ship it. It's always hard to guess when the military starts to buy, but I'm being reticent. In the near term, which I'd define as this year, I'd be cautious about assuming any significant change just because of the inertia and time lag.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. But over the longer term, you obviously would see something?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I would think so, readiness is a  typically readiness means buy more repair parts, buy more services, buy more repairs, all that sort of thing, which is generally good for us.
Peter J. Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Terrific. Thanks for all the color. Thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning or afternoon, I guess. A couple of questions. Nick, you've remarked about the Brazilian portfolio and it has been. I just wonder, do you see any increasing risk of maybe non-economic motivated actors kind of coming in and trying to second source? And specifically, I think of folks like Boeing or the DoD where maybe an immediate profit motive isn't a desire to kind of second source more. Obviously, you have not been hit by PMA parts in a big way, so it's not economics that would drive disruption.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I can't  I mean, obviously, I can't  I don't know what somebody might do in the fullness of time. I can say it's a long effort if it was to happen and we haven't seen it. And at least typically with the OEMs, in our contracting basis that looks similar to what it has been in the past generally. But I mean, I just  I don't know what someone might do. We have not seen it. I don't think the math works. I think, it's unlikely but I can't be certain on that. But I'll say again, I don't see it and I haven't seen any significant sign of it.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And maybe just a follow-up on that. We understand your strategy post acquisition, some of the spot sales get re-priced higher and the like and the contracts as they roll off. How much remaining pricing power is there in years two, three, four post an acquisition? I mean, I just wonder like have you  do you still have more price inelasticity that you could exercise as this actually became a threat so that in year two and three, you just don't have kind of modest inflation type pricing adjustments but rather more significant ones? Do you have unexploited pricing power within the portfolio still?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I can't answer that generically. I mean, that's very fact and circumstance specific. When I think if you particularly as we get bigger, this gets  when you roll everything up, overall prices are pretty consistent  are consistently above inflation, not miles above or the bottom.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. Terry maybe, if you could give  thanks for the information about the tax law changes, do you guys have significant sourcing that comes from outside of the U.S. or is there any light that you can shed on that?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I think that's quite difficult. We're decentralized. We have 33 business units. Where they get their source from, it's difficult to estimate it at this point in time. We haven't got gotten that level of detail, but we're just taking this at a very high level, we don't want to spend a ton of time analyzing something that certainly is going to be debated for a long period of time, as they put the new law, if they haven't changed the tax law in place. So, we haven't gotten at that level of inputs, but the exports are pretty significant to us.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And I think, Terry, it's safe to say that when you did the calculation, you assume the reasonable deduct for that?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. Absolutely.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: All right. So, if you take the $1.1 billion, and what's the interest, it is about $580 million? Interest is about $580 million ...
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Last year it was under $500 million, but this year it was ...
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, it's $580 million. If you take the $1.1 billion, and I'd also say depending on how they treat distributors, that could be higher. You can deduct the fair amount from that and still be at above $580 million.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's correct.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, as a follow-up, do you guys expect at some point for F-35 to become one of your top 15 programs and if so roughly when?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's a good platform. Top 15? I don't want to answer that because I don't  I haven't done the math. I don't know the answer, but it's a good platform. I would expect that someday, it would start to show up on our top 15 or 25, but I don't know when and haven't done the math on it.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks for the time. Just a simple question for you, really the organic revenues. If you look over the last couple of years, what's been the breakdown between volume and price?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, we don't disclose the price. Look, we just don't disclose our price.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just directionally, like are we seeing volumes down?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We just don't disclose the price. As I told you, the prices  the weighted up prices are higher than inflation. We will think of inflation is 3%, but it's not miles higher.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Helpful. And then another just relatively quick question for you. As we look forward and to the extent that aircraft retirement start to pick up or even go down, how does that impact your business, if at all? Is that a risk? Is that an opportunity?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, you ought to think of us as we're  when you look at our aftermarket, the commercial aftermarket, which I presume, which you're mostly talking about, you can pretty well think of us as market weighted. So, different people have different definitions with legacy aircraft and what the retirement rates are, but you can almost think of us like the market. That's about how we're weighted. So, if you think 727s are going run off of at a certain rate, that's how we'll run off. Now, remember, we're interjecting new airplanes into the mix every year or two. So as that runs off, something else moves into that old window, as long as the shipset keeps going. But that's the best way to calibrate it, figure were about market weighted.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very, helpful. Thank you, sir.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, sorry to belabor this, just want to clarify. I have some people emailing me interpreting the comment that the pro forma aftermarket revenue growth is tracking up 12% quarter-to-date despite last year's tough comp. Is that kind of what you're trying to communicate with that 12% comment?
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not sure what it is. I'm not sure of your question. We're not...
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're trying to get a very specific  the very specific thing we are communicating is the incoming orders or bookings are 12% higher than they were from the same quarter in the previous year. That's one. Number two is, coincidently, the bookings in Q1 are also somewhere around 12% higher than the shipments or the revenues in Q1.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Okay, that's fine. Thank you very much. And that's all for me.
W. Nicholas Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay, and remind me if I got mixed up in what the pro forma you were talking about last.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: That's fine. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen. This concludes our Q&A session. I would like to turn the call back to Liza Sabol for final remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you again for calling in today. And please look for our 10-Q that we will be filing tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. This concludes the program, and you may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - Head-Investor Relations Nick Howley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Terry Paradie - Chief Financial Officer Kevin Stein - Chief Operating Officer, Power Division
Analysts: Robert Stallard - Vertical Research David Strauss - UBS Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Ken Herbert - Canaccord Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank Jose Caiado - Credit Suisse Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Gautam Khanna - Cowen
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode to reduce background noise, but later we'll be holding a question-and-answer session after the prepared remarks, instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your first speaker for today, Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. You have the floor, ma'am.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Andrew. Welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2016 fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Operating Officer of our Power Group Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks and replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our Web site at transdigm.com. It should also be noted that our Form 10-K will be filed tomorrow and also will be found on our Web site. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investor section of our Web site or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advice you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA is defined for adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning and thanks again to everybody for calling in. Today I'll start off as always with some comments about our consistent strategy. I'll then overview a busy fiscal year 2016; I'll review the initial guidance for 2017. Kevin will then review some key operating items for 2016 and 2017 and Terry will run through the financials. A fair amount to cover here today. To restate we believe our business model is unique in the industry both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products. About three quarters of our sales come from products from which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over half our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA come from after market sales. After market revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability through the cycles. Our longstanding goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful management of our balance sheet. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant after market content. Second, we have a simple, well-proven value based operating methodology based on our three value driver concepts. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that is closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant after market content where we see a clear path to private equity-like returns and lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our effort to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for capital allocation, to remind you, we basically have four our priorities are typically in the following order. One, invest in our existing businesses; second make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy, to state again these two are almost always our first choices; third, give the extra money back to the shareholders, either through a special dividend or stock buyback; and lastly, pay off debt. But given the low cost of debt especially after-tax this is still likely our last choice in the current capital market conditions. In the last three years you've seen three distinct business environments and corresponding real-life examples of how we manage our capital structure to best take advantage of the current business and capital market environment. In fiscal year 2014, with the acquisition opportunities not particularly compelling, we gave back about 1.6 billion to our shareholders in the form of a large special dividend and some modest stock buyback. In fiscal year 2015, we saw a number of attractive acquisition candidates. We acquired about 1.6 billion worth of proprietary aerospace businesses that met our strategic and shareholder return requirements. In fiscal 2016, we again saw a number of attractive acquisition candidates that met our criteria. As a result we acquired another 1.4 billion of aerospace businesses, in addition the combination of our usual high cash flow and continuing attractive credit markets allowed us to return about $1.6 billion more to our shareholders in the form of roughly 200 million of share buyback, plus a $1.4 billion special dividend paid out in early 2017. To summarize, over the last three years, that is since the beginning of fiscal year 2014, we have returned about $3.2 billion to our shareholders. In that same period we made nine acquisitions for about $3.3 billion. We fully invested our existing business. We kept a healthy cash balance and maintained significant dry powder for additional acquisitions. As we have done consistently in the past, depending on the specific business and capital market conditions we allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in a manner we think has the best chance to maximize the return to our shareholders. At 9/30/2016 based on the current capital market conditions and adjusting for the $1.4 billion special dividend and recent financing, we still have adequate capacity to make over $1 billion of additional acquisitions without issuing any equity. This capacity grows steadily to over $2 billion as the year proceeds. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated acquisition levels for fiscal year 2017. Now, to summarize fiscal year 2016 year; 2016 was a busy year. In 2016 and early 2017, we raised about $3.8 billion. The proceeds were used primarily to fund acquisitions and to pay a special dividend. We were also able to modestly decrease our average interest rate as well as to refinance and extend maturities on certain existing debt. We acquired three businesses, as I mentioned, for about $1.4 billion. Breeze-Eastern, DDC and Young & Franklin. Kevin will talk a little more about each of these acquisitions. We continued the integration of efforts of our various 2015 and 2016 acquisitions and most importantly we continued to generate real value in our new and existing business and we created substantial intrinsic value for our shareholders. Now turning to the performance. To remind you this is the fourth quarter and full year summary for fiscal year 2016. Our fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. Total GAAP revenues were up 8% versus the prior Q4 and 17% on a full year basis. Organic revenue was up about 2% on a full year basis. The Q4 organic growth was up slightly after normalizing for the one-month reporting delay in Telair 2015 reporting timing as we discussed in the previous calls. Reviewing the revenues by market category, again on a pro forma basis versus the prior year Q4 and the prior year full year, that is assuming we owned the same mix of businesses in both periods, in the commercial market, which makes up roughly 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were down 4% versus the prior Q4 and roughly flat on a full year basis. Commercial transport OEMs were up 2% on a full year basis and down slightly in Q4. We suspect we are seeing some system-wide inventory adjustments as wide body rate decreases ripple through the system. Biz jet revenues continue to drop with revenues down 15% versus the prior year Q4 and about 10% down on a full year basis. This segment is small compared to commercial transport, but has been tougher than we expected all year. For the fiscal year, total commercial OEM bookings were about even with shipments. Total commercial after market revenues versus the prior year were up 6.5% for both fiscal year 2016 and for Q4. For the full year, commercial transport after market revenues were up about 9.5%; however, this was partially offset by the softness in the business jet, helicopter and freighter after markets. Sequentially revenues were up modestly in the commercial after market. For the full fiscal year, total commercial after market bookings ran slightly ahead of shipments. The defense markets which make up about 30% of our revenue, defense revenues for the year were modestly better than we anticipated. Fiscal year Q4 revenues are up 3% versus the prior year, full year revenues were up 2% versus the prior fiscal year. Full year defense bookings ran about 50 million behind shipments. This is almost entirely attributable to a few multi-year orders placed in 2015, specifically for the A400 cargo system, a few large international parachute orders and large order for the APKWS smart bomb system. In total, the rest of the defense bookings were roughly even with shipments. In total for fiscal year 2016, excluding acquisitions, our revenues for commercial after market were just about as we originally expected. The commercial OEM business was a little lower and the military revenues were pretty close to our expectation at the start of the year. All-in all total revenues were close to our original expectations. Moving now to profitability on a reported basis, again I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. The as defined adjustments in Q4 were non-cash compensation expenses and acquisition related costs and amortizations. Our EBITDA as defined of about $423 million for Q4 was up 17% versus the prior Q4. On a full year basis, our EBITDA as defined was roughly $1.5 billion or up 21% from the prior year. The EBITDA as defined margin was 47% of revenue for the full year and 48.5% for Q4. The full year EBITDA margins without dilution of the acquisitions purchased in 2015 and 2016 was approximately 49% or up 2.5 margin points versus fiscal year 2015 for the same mix of businesses we owned going into 2015  With respect to acquisitions we continue to actively look at opportunities. The pipeline of near term possibilities is reasonably active. Once again, closings are always difficult to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Now, moving on to 2017 guidance. As we head into 2017, we again have concerns about the duration of the commercial transport OEM cycle. As you may recall at the start of fiscal year 2016, we reduced our headcount to get ahead of any potential softening. In retrospect, given the wide body softening and the weaker biz jet revenues I'm glad we did this, though we have not yet cut again for fiscal year 2017. We're cautious and we're ready to move quickly if necessary. All-in all this is our best estimate for 2017 as you know we'll update this as the year proceeds. But based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions, our guidance are as follows; the mid-point of the fiscal year 2017 revenue guidance is $3.54 billion or up 12% on a GAAP basis year-over-year. Organic growth is roughly 4% year-over-year. As in the past years with roughly 10% less working days in fiscal year 2017 Q1, revenues are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters of fiscal year 2017, roughly in proportion to the lower working days. I'm not sure I made this point clear last year, so I'd ask you to keep in mind as you work through your outlooks. The mid point of fiscal year 2017 EBITDA as defined is $1.68 billion or 47.5% of revenues that's up 13% year-over-year. We anticipate the EBITDA margins will move up throughout the year as we've seen in previous years. The base business that is excluding to 2016 acquisitions is anticipated to achieve an EBITDA margin of about 48% or up or 48.5% or up one point versus 2016 for the same mix of businesses that we owned at the start of 2016. The mid point of the EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be 11.98 per share that's up 4% versus the prior year. This is driven by a significant increase in core operating performance and recent acquisitions, offset in part by higher interest expense and a somewhat higher tax rate. Terry will review this in more detail. On a pro forma or the same same-store basis I talked about before, this guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions. Commercial after market revenue growth in the mid to high single-digits, based on worldwide RPM growth in the 5% range. We're hopeful there could be some catch up upside here, but given the recent history we remain cautious until we see it. Defense military revenue is estimated to be flat to slightly up as a percent of prior year given world events and the political uncertainty there could well be variations here. Commercial OEM growth we anticipate in the low to mid single-digit percentage range, primarily due to the 2017 and 2018 commercial transport production rates. We are cautious about 18 production rates and how this could reflect itself in the 2017 shipments. We are assuming a modest pick up of business jet revenues off a depressed fiscal year 2016. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have around $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in cash and almost $600 million in undrawn revolver at year-end 2017. We also have additional capacity under our credit agreement. Our net leverage is anticipated to be about 5.5x EBITDA at the end of 2017 or down a little over one-term. In summary, 2016 was a good and busy year. I'm confident with our consistent value focused strategy and strong mix of business we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. Now, let me hand this over to Kevin who will discuss some of the operating highlights of 2016 and a little about 2017.
Kevin Stein: Thanks Nick. Good morning, everyone. As Nick mentioned in total we had a good fiscal year in 2016. I'll now take you through some of the most important operational highlights of the last few quarters. As we have stated previously we believe our business processes, unique application of the TransDigm value drivers and our organizational focus on accretive acquisitions that meet our strategic vision are the keys to delivering shareholder value. As you will see we've made appreciable progress on each of these this past year. First, let me provide an update on our acquisition related value driver. For review as we do with each acquisition, we follow a detailed and scripted integration plan. This includes but is not limited to an implementation of our value creation process and metrics, restructuring the company into our product line focus groups including co-location of the team members to facilitate communication, focusing the engineering and business development efforts on winnable and profitable new business, and finally, we tighten up the cost control. Since the beginning of fiscal year 2015, TransDigm has deployed over $3 billion of capital to acquire several value creation engines for the company. These include the businesses, or product lines acquired in fiscal year 2015 of Franke Aquarotter, Telair Cargo Group, Pexco Aerospace and PneuDraulics. And in fiscal year 2016, the acquisition of Breeze-Eastern Corporation, Data Device Corporation and most recently Young & Franklin and its subsidiary Tactair Fluid Controls. Now to quickly update on our fiscal year 2015 activity. Franke Aquarotter a product line acquisition has now been relocated to our Adams Rite aerospace facility in Fullerton, California. After some initial start up issues, the product line and the manufacturing equipment have been successfully transferred. This business is similar to current Adams Rite [indiscernible] businesses and allows them to provide fluid control and accessories across all major large commercial aerospace OEM manufactures and all major commercial transport platforms. Finally, this business should approach TransDigm margins. The Telair Cargo Group was split into three businesses along the similar lines as they had been divided under previous ownership. The cargo container company Nordisk Aviation Products is led by an internal promotion of Neal McKeever as the President and is located in Norway. Telair U.S. Cargo Systems is led by the incumbent President of that acquisition, Tim Dumbauld is based in Goldsboro, North Carolina and is largely responsible for the design and manufacturing of military cargo handling equipment for the Airbus A400M. Finally, the largest segment Telair International headquartered in Miesbach, Germany is led by Marko Enderlein, a recent hire from the Satair Group, a division of Airbus and is responsible for the design and manufacturing of large commercial cargo handling systems. All of these businesses have been fully integrated into our culture and value generation strategy. Headcount reductions have been performed where warranted by business demand and opportunity. Value pricing opportunities have been slightly muted due to long-term agreements and our new product portfolio as limited after market demand at this stage in the product life cycle. As stated previously we believe this combination of businesses will deliver on the expectations of our acquisition model for TransDigm, a solid business, but one that will be short of company average margins. Pexco, a custom plastics extrusion company located in Yakima, Washington, which specializes in proprietary commercial aerospace interior products used around the aircraft. This business is led by Joe Glover, who is recently placed after the integration with TransDigm was completed. To-date we have been able to close the Huntington Beach manufacturing facility and combine all operations into Yakima. We reduced headcount in Yakima to align with our productivity targets; evaluated value based pricing opportunities and exited non-core production. We believe that this team will continue to perform at expectations and that significant value generation opportunities exist for the future. This business should run at or above the average EBITDA margins of TransDigm.  PneuDraulics, a manufacturer of precision hydraulic components for the aerospace industry is located in Rancho Cucamonga, California. That acquisition, PneuDraulics had a strong management team and this allowed us to place Dain Miller a longtime PneuDraulics employee into the role as President. The integration of PneuDraulics has gone to plan and the Group has been an active participant in our culture, management, and business process training. The company's performance has delivered on expectations for the three value drivers of new business, productivity and value-based pricing. We expect this business to deliver at the margin average of TransDigm. Next, acquired on January 4, 2016, Breeze-Eastern, which is a leading global designer and manufacturer of high performance lifting and pulling devices for military and civilian aircraft has been integrated into the TransDigm culture, successfully implementing our value drivers and product line organization strategy. We have established an appropriate pricing structure by streamlining price lists and providing more value-added services to our after market offerings. To help our productivity initiatives, we closed the standalone Virginia facility in September and centralized all engineering and product development at the main New Jersey location. This rationalization across the business has allowed a 23% headcount reduction at Breeze-Eastern since acquisition. The business has been reorganized around two main product lines, hoists and winches and our usual customer support team structure has been put in place with leaders established and team members physically relocated into dedicated work areas. This has allowed for an increased focus on new product development with a number of innovative new products under accelerated development which we expect to begin contributing to the growth of the business in 2017. The overall results have met our expectations with revenue and EBITDA at or above our acquisition plan. With some existing LTAs and a few government [indiscernible] covered contracts this business probably doesn't quite get up to our average EBITDA margins. Next we have Data Device Corporation, DDC, located in Bohemia, New York on Long Island which was acquired by TransDigm on June 23 of this year. DDC is the world leader in the design, manufacture of high reliability databus motion control and solid state power controller products for aerospace and defense vehicles. This capability allows them to deliver the smallest lightest and highest performing products in the most cost effective packaging for these applications in the aerospace market. DDC consists of five global manufacturing locations and approximately 650 employees. To-date, we have aligned the DDC structure with TransDigm's operating strategy around a product line focused organization. Our product line structure has allowed us to quickly implement two product lines of databus and power, a 10% headcount reduction to better align organization size and cost structure, review of pricing and contractual opportunities and new product initiatives. Although only four months under TransDigm, the DDC team and business has delivered value as expected for TransDigm shareholders, with revenue and EBITDA slightly ahead of expectations. We anticipate this business will be able to deliver EBITDA margins at or in excess of TransDigm averages. Now, acquired on September 16, the Liverpool, New York based Young & Franklin and the subsidiary Tactair Fluid Controls are the latest additions to the TransDigm team. They manufacture highly engineered valves and actuators at our almost all of their products are proprietary. With about 70% of revenues coming from the aerospace industry, the remaining 30% comes from the industrial gas turbine markets. Given the recent nature of the acquisition it is too early to comment on the outcome of all of our value driven initiatives. Productivity and enhanced new business initiatives are all being actively investigated and we will update on these as they come into focus. Additionally, a thorough top to bottom review of all contracts, purchase orders and forecasts has been done to evaluate any value-based pricing reset opportunities; however product line teams have been formed around the IGT and aerospace market segments and these teams have now been trained in our culture, methods and expectations. We are pleased with the overall performance of the team and have confidence that the acquisition will live up to model expectations. Although numerous margin expansion opportunities have been identified, we expect this business to achieve margins just under the average for TransDigm. To update the recent progress on our new business value driver let me bring your attention to several recent developments in our aerospace market. Our Telair U.S. Cargo Group business was able to overcome a difficult engineering challenge on the Airbus A400M cargo loading system. Telair recently upgraded the design of their highly engineered cargo lockdown mechanism which holds containers in place during flight. The retrofit program is a one-time upgrade to this restraint system that will allow the containers to be held in place in flight and is also certified to release during an air drop. Going forward this new design will become part of the OEM package sold to Airbus and we anticipate normal defense after market demand for maintenance of this critical cargo handling system. The Adel Wiggins Group which has pioneered technology and lightning protection for over 20 years in design, testing and manufacturing of dielectric fuel and hydraulic lightning isolators for the aerospace market was awarded the fuel and hydraulic system lightning isolators for the Boeing 777x, and the Bombardier Global 7,000-8,000 program. The safety oriented product is put in place to protect the fuel tank in case of a lightning strike. For Airbus and their A320 platform, a few key design wins have recently occurred. Hartwell Corporation recently designed and upgraded engine nozzle latch for the A320 CEO or Current Engine Option. This retrofit program is covered by an EASA Airworthiness Directive requiring airlines to make this upgrade. This new patent pending locking mechanism is designed to prevent the nozzle from being in an unlocked condition after maintenance. And for the A320 Neo, or the latest new engine option, Marathon Norco, was just awarded a newly designed fan cowl hold open device for this platform. These awards add to the considerable number of design wins that we have already received for the latest new platforms of A350, A320 Neo, 737 Max, and 777x across all of our business segments. Innovation is clearly a focus of our shareholder value, generation culture and value driver strategy. We continue to invest fully in our businesses from legacy through recent acquisitions of the TransDigm family. To allow the development of new products and technologies for both the OEM and after market segments. This has allowed TransDigm to once again be named to the Forbes most innovative companies list in the world. This award identifies TransDigm as one of the Top 100 global companies in innovation and the only European or American aerospace company so recognized. Now, let me hand it over to our CFO, Terry Paradie, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Terry Paradie: Thank you, Kevin. Nick already summarized the key elements that occurred in fiscal year 2016, so I will now review the consolidated financial results for our fourth quarter, give a brief fiscal year end summary and review certain assumptions for fiscal year 2017. Fourth quarter net sales were $875 million up $65 million or approximately 8% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of acquisitions, PneuDraulics, Breeze-Eastern and DDC contributed $89 million of additional sales for the period offset by a slight decrease in organic sales. The decrease in organic sales was primarily driven by declines in commercial OEM and defense markets, offset by slight growth in commercial after market sales. The organic growth was also negatively impacted due to the prior period including four months of Telair due to a reporting lag as we previously discussed. Our fourth quarter gross profit was $484 million or 55.3% of sales. Our reported gross profit margin of 55.3% was 2.5 margin points higher than the prior year. Excluding all acquisition related accounting adjustments and operating activity, our gross profit margins in the remaining businesses versus the prior year quarter improved about three margin points due to the strength of our proprietary products, continually improving our cost structure and favorable product mix. Our selling and administrative expenses were 12.7% of sales for the current quarter compared to 12.1% in the prior year. Excluding all acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation, SG&A was 10.3% of sales compared to 10.2% of sales a year ago. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $27 million versus the prior year quarter due to the increase to outstanding borrowings. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to the financing completed during our fiscal third quarter. As part of the financing, we borrowed an incremental $1.9 billion of which the proceeds were used to primarily fund the acquisition of DDC and for general corporate purposes including the partially fund the $24 per share special dividend paid on November 1. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 26% in the quarter compared to 29.1% in the prior year. During the quarter, we adopted a new accounting standard related to the accounting for excess tax benefits for stock option exercises that were previously recorded as a direct credit to equity and are now recognizing the income tax provision on the income statement. As a result, our effective tax rate generally approximates our cash tax rate. Our full year GAAP effective tax rate was 23.7% compared to 29.8% in the prior year. The lower effective rate in the current year was primarily due to the accounting standard change. Excluding the accounting standard change, our 2016 effective tax rate is 29%, the same rate that we use for our full year adjusted EPS. Our net income for the quarter increased $13 million or 9% to $155 million, which is 17.7% of sales. This compares to net income of $142 million or 17.5% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales versus prior period, improvements to our operating margin and lower effective tax rate partially offset by higher interest expense. GAAP EPS was $2.70 per share in the current quarter compared to $2.50 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS was $3.29 per share an increase of 60% compared to the $2.83 per share last year. Please reference Table 3 in this morning's press release which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Since this is our fiscal year end, let me take a minute to quickly summarize some significant items. Net sales increased $464 million or by 17% to end our year at almost $3.2 billion in revenues. Acquisitions contributed $409 million of the increase in sales; organic sales were 2% above the prior year. Reported gross profit increased 19% to $1.73 billion and was 54.5% of sales compared to 53.6% in the prior year. Excluding all acquisition activity and stock compensation expense, our full year margin versus prior year improved over two margin points. Selling and administrative expenses of 12.1% of sales in fiscal year 2015 is slightly higher than the 11.9% sales, excuse me, in fiscal year 2016 slightly ahead of 11.9% sales in fiscal year 2015. Again excluding all acquisition related expenses, stock compensation and non-operating expenses, SG&A was about 9.9% of sales compared to 10.2% of sales last year. Net interest expense increased $65 million due to the increase in weighted average outstanding borrowings to $8.8 billion from $7.8 billion last year. Our fiscal year 2016 weighted average cash interest rate was 5.3%. Adjusted EPS was $11.49 per share this year up 28% from the $9.01 per share a year ago. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. The company generated $668 million of cash from operating activities and we closed the year with $1.59 billion of cash on the balance sheet. The company's gross debt leverage ratio at September30, 2016 was approximately 6.5x a pro forma EBITDA and 5.5x pro forma EBITDA on a net basis. Adjusting for the dividend and financing that occurred subsequent to our fiscal year end, our net debt to EBITDA leverage would have been 6.4x on a pro forma basis. We believe fiscal year 2016 was another great year for TransDigm and our shareholders. As we look forward to fiscal year 2017, we estimate the mid-point of our GAAP EPS to be $8.65 and as Nick previously mentioned we estimate the mid-point of our adjusted EPS to be $11.98. As we've disclosed on Slide 9, there's $3.33 in adjustments to bridge GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Nick provided color on fiscal year 2017 sales and EBITDA as defined. As a result of the recent acquisition activity, refinancing and dividend, I'm going to walk through the cost below. EBITDA as defined and explained why adjusted net income per share increase is 4% despite EBITDA as defined growing 13%. Old percentages assume the mid-point of the guidance, so appreciation and amortization excluding backlog amortization of approximately $25 million is expected to be $121 million compared to $102 million in fiscal year 2016 an increase of 19%. Interest expense is also expected to increase about 20% to around $580 million in fiscal year 2017. This estimate reflects the latest financing just completed in October and includes both cash and interest and approximately $20 million of amortization of debt issuance cost. Also in the forecast assumes average LIBOR increase to 1% for the full year. We also expect $33 million in refinancing fees. Our effective tax rate for both GAAP and adjusted EPS in fiscal year 2017 is expected to be around 31%. The benefit from fiscal year 2017 stock option exercises and dividend equivalent payments will be recorded as the street adjustments throughout the quarters and we reduced our GAAP tax rate along with our cash taxes. We expect our weighted average shares outstanding will increase slightly and be approximately 56.5 million shares. As a result of these items, our adjusted EPS of 11.98 is approximately 4% greater than fiscal year 2016. Finally, with regards to our liquidity and leverage after paying a special dividend assuming no additional acquisition or capital market transactions we expect to have around $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion of cash on hand at the end of fiscal year 2017. This includes an estimate of CapEx of 85.9 or approximately 2.4 percent of sales. Again, as Nick mentioned, assuming no other acquisition activity our net leverage will be around 5.5x, our EBITDA as defined at September 30, 2017, we're delevering almost one full term. I will hand it over to Liza to kick-off the Q&A session at this time.
Liza Sabol: Thanks Terry. Operator we are now ready to open the lines. I do ask that you limit your questions to two per person and reinsert yourself into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Nick, first question
Nick Howley: And welcome back by the way.
Robert Stallard: Oh, thanks so much, appreciate it. My first question for you is on debt. Very simply do you think we've seen the peak in the debt market here? You mentioned you expect LIBOR rates to go up going forward, so you seize the opportunity as much as you can?
Nick Howley: You mean in the past or going forward just to be clear on your question?
Robert Stallard: Going forward.
Nick Howley: I'm very hesitant to forecast that. One thing I've sort of learned at least for me that I'm not very good at predicting the directions to the capital market. We would -- I would expect that the rates might start to move up, but I have to say, we've been consistently wrong on that for the last three to four years. We used a little higher rate here primarily to be conservative not that we have any particular insight in that, Rob. I think realistically, what we will do is, we'll assess it quarter-by-quarter as we go forward.
Robert Stallard: Yes. And then as a follow-up, on the business, on the aerospace after market, are you seeing any of these larger industry trends changing, we've talked about destocking and inventories being brought down, I think like that do you see any improvement there?
Nick Howley: I'd like to see, Rob, it's hard to put an actual number on it. But I would say in the commercial transport for the year, you know our commercial transport which is the biggest slug of it, was up a little over 9%. I think that is getting closer to reflecting the consumption rate though maybe not quite there yet, but it hasn't -- it hasn't -- it doesn't reflect any snapback, which frequently happens after you have a couple of years that don't quite reflect the consumption. I think that's probably about the best I can add to it.
Robert Stallard: Yes. That's great. Thanks for the update.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss from UBS. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
David Strauss: Good morning. Given that you have a fair amount of floating rate debt I know you've assumed 100 basis point increase, Nick. But can you, maybe Terry, can you remind us of -- I think you have some caps in place on your floating rate debt if we do see higher rates?
TerryParadie: Yes. David I think we ended the year in compliance to -- we're essentially above 75% fixed. We're currently looking as a result of our most recent financing looking at other options to hedge that with their cap or a swap to essentially get us back to that 75% fixed rate.
David Strauss: Okay. Yes, exactly. Just where the portion that appears this is floating, but is actually capped where that is and maybe some detail around that?
Nick Howley: Yes. As we've disclosed we have essentially a hedge -- we have a cap in there around 2.4%. And then we also have another swap up there that has cap at 2.8%. So you have around 150 or 175 basis points, if you will of room within that collar of those swaps you have in place.
David Strauss: Got it, okay. And then on cash flow, could you maybe, it looks like you came in pretty close this year, but maybe a little bit light to what you were guiding for year-end cash balance kind of normalizing for the acquisition, you did at the end of the year. Could you maybe just touch on that if anything moved around? And then, it looks like you're anticipating a pretty good year for free cash flow next year, maybe some of the moving pieces there working capital and cash taxes what you're assuming there? Thanks.
Nick Howley: I'm talking about 2016. 2016 essentially the receivables when you sort it all out the receivables were a little higher at the end of the year, which is kind of just the timing of how much stuff shipped in August versus September. That's the significant movement.
Terry Paradie: As moving into 2017, I think the key assumption there is around the cash taxes. As we've said, on some of my prepared comments, we expect before discrete our effective tax rate to be around 31% this year and with the new accounting change most of the stock option exercises reduced your cash tax rate down to the lower amount, so now that that's in your provision, we expect our cash tax rate to be slightly below or at that 31% going forward.
David Strauss: Thanks guys.
Nick Howley: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Hey, just as a follow-up to that, what do you guys expect to generate in free cash flow in fiscal 2017?
Nick Howley: Well, I think we gave the number, right? We told you between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion is where we expect the cash to be at the end of the year.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Terry Paradie: Our EBITDA as defined number and still in that ratio of around 50% cash turn you can figure out what the free cash flow would be in our CapEx number.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Nick Howley: I'd do something again. Take the EBITDA in the range of 50% turns into cash and hopefully a little higher.
Noah Poponak: Yes. So that conversion has been a little light it sounds like you're saying that's sort of timing of working capital versus being something else?
Terry Paradie: Yes. I think as Nick talked about a little bit earlier receivables were up a little this year, but purely on a timing standpoint and I think we talk about EBITDA as defined, we turn 50% of that into cash and that's sort of our metric for free cash flow and we don't see anything unusual there.
Noah Poponak: Has there been any change in any terms of trade if you will, with any customers that has impacted working capital?
Nick Howley: I don't think materially, as you probably know, Boeing is pushing around the industry to extend the terms up to 90 days. I don't think that has materially impacted our number. Maybe that's moved around through the industry maybe it's moved to one day or something, but I don't think its material impact.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then Nick, you've expressed some caution on the large commercial original equipment supply/demand picture for a few quarters now, but this is the first time I've heard you specifically say that you were cautious on 2018 production rates. Could you maybe just elaborate a little on why you're saying that?
Nick Howley: Yes. I'd say the same as usual. The cycle seems long enough to me. You are starting to see I would say probably more sort of negative comments, some positive comments and the 18 cycle, the shipments in 18 will start to reflect back on our 2017 shipments in the back half of the year. So people start to tweak that, it will reflect into 2017. That's what I was trying to -- the point I was trying to make. So we're cautious.
Noah Poponak: Do you have a working view on rate of change in 2018 production rates versus 2017?
Nick Howley: I don't recall. I think, I don't remember, but let me not speculate. We are concerned that -- we're concerned that the back end of it could soften and reflect back into 2017 and that's why our [indiscernible] OEM pick up isn't larger. I don't remember the exact rate and I don't want to stab at it.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. You spoke a little bit about wins that you had on the 777x. I wonder if you could talk about your total level of content on that plane relative to the current generation of 777 and where you think it's going to end up.
Nick Howley: Yes. We don't disclose the content by plane, but we think the 777x, as we sit here today will very likely end up somewhere around the same content. We don't expect a lot of change.
Seth Seifman: Okay. And then, just as a quick follow-up, within the pro forma guidance for defense, where does DDC fit in relative to that? I think it's flat to slightly up, right?
Nick Howley: The total is flat to slightly up.
Seth Seifman: How does DDC fit in there?
Nick Howley: We don't break it out by operating unit. We're happy with the DDC acquisition is doing well.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning guys.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Can I just clarify one item on the free cash flow? You estimate about $850 million and I have cash taxes sort of offsetting the increase in CapEx. Is the $200 million improvement year-over-year primarily working capital?
Nick Howley: I'm not sure exactly how you're coming up with that number. What I'd do is take the 50% of EBITDA you saw our CapEx number around $84 million, $85 million and use the 31% initially as your cash tax rate and that should get you sort of in that free cash flow range that we are talking about and we guided $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. And then, I guess maybe Nick or Kevin, just -- is there I appreciate the qualitative comments on the new wins. Is there any way you could guide us more quantitatively percentage of new wins or percentage for full year 2016?
Nick Howley: You broke up.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Is there any quantitative way you could talk about the new program wins as a percentage of total bids or whatever metrics you guys look at it internally?
Nick Howley: Yes. I don't have a good number for that. I would say on the -- as I think we told you before, the content picks up pretty well in the 787. The content is pretty good on the -- picks up nicely on the A350. I would expect the 777, the A320 Neo, and the 737 Max and that have a lot of change in their content. Boeing and Airbus' goal was to not make substantive changes in them so you wouldn't expect to see a lot of change.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from Canaccord. Your line is open.
Ken Herbert: Hi. Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Ken Herbert: I just wanted to dig into the commercial after market, if I could. When do you, you obviously another quarter where you had a 3% headwind from business jets helicopters and it sounds like cargo in the fourth quarter. When do those, when do you anniversary those more or the comps maybe get easier for that part of the business and does the guidance and what does the guidance imply for commercial transport growth versus these other markets in 2017, which seem to clearly have been about a significant headwind in the last few quarters?
Nick Howley: Yes. I mean the commercial transport growth if you look at mid to high single-digit next year, the commercial transport growth we would expect be higher, if you think the business was higher than the average, same thing. If you take the business jet and I suspect the freighter, they will be a little bit of a down drag so take whatever number you want to use from mid to high single digits the commercial transport is probably on the upper end of that point and the others are down on the lower end.
Ken Herbert: Okay. So there's no specific inflection point maybe after the second quarter when you start to see the comps get easier for the non-transport side of the business?
Nick Howley: I don't think so. I mean, I think that it's going to change versus the intrinsic demand, not just [indiscernible].
Ken Herbert: Okay. And then, if I could geographically, have you seen any change in the last few quarters or in the outlook in 2017 on the after market in terms of, I know it sounds like we've had really good demand in Asia in your fiscal 2016, do you assume maybe a little slower growth there and pick up in Europe or North America or anything you could comment on geographically?
Nick Howley: Yes. I would say you can almost generally go through and we do it unit by unit, product line by product line. So it bounces around, but the way I would think about it is almost take the growth in RPMs by region of the world and that will give you some pretty good idea.
Ken Herbert: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Nick, or maybe Terry, could you clarify the net cash flow impact of the dividend less the incremental leverage being taken on in 2017? I know you gave the cash year-end number but just that moving part would be helpful.
Nick Howley: I think that it would be, I'm just doing here, its $650 million or 700 million.
Myles Walton: Okay.
Terry Paradie: We can get back into the free cash flow. But without it, it's a little tougher.
Nick Howley: Yes.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then the other question, Nick, you talked about bookings are tracking slightly ahead, excuse me orders tracking slightly ahead of bookings in after market in the quarter. Any way to clarify if that's an acceleration or a continuation of a trend just commentary in the after market in general near term, is it similar to what you saw last quarter dispositioning into the next year?
Nick Howley: Well, the after market shipments -- the shipments were sequentially up and the bookings I don't -- I just don't have a good -- I'd say the same -- I can't say they are noticeably separated. They are roughly close on the year and I think the fourth quarter isn't much different.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then, the last one, the CapEx implied doubling year-on-year is that just conservatism on the CapEx budget?
Nick Howley: I suspect that's a high number. We under spent against our budget the previous year and I expect that's a little high.
Myles Walton: Okay. All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
JoseCaiado: Good morning. This is actually Joe on for Rob.
Nick Howley: Okay.
JoseCaiado: Nick, given the $1 billion to $2 billion in potential dry powder by year-end and any updated covenants under your latest debt structure what's your restricted payment capacity for the coming year assuming no M&A?
Nick Howley: Restricted payment is off to 7.25 net on -- and 4.25 on secured debt capacity and then for new debt, plus the including the target of that.
Terry Paradie: Are you after how much dividend can we pay out that's what you are after?
JoseCaiado: Essentially yes.
Terry Paradie: At this point in time we only have about 130 million remaining through the end of the year and we would have to get an amendment to do an additional dividend which by the way just almost every time we do this, you have to get an amendment.
Nick Howley: Or the other point is if we get under six times net debt we can pay a dividend for that six times.
JoseCaiado: Okay, understood. And then, just you already cut headcount to get ahead of that potential softening in commercial OE. You said you'd adjust again if necessary, you talked about how you're cautious on 18 production rates, what has to happen for you to adjust further and what would you need to see to do that?
Nick Howley: Oh, I think it would be -- it's hard to say exactly what the point is when your concern gets to that. It's a little bit of an art rather than a science. But clearly starting to see more announcement of turn down of rates in either predictions of turn downs in 2018 or even the beginning of 2019 would do it. Now sometimes you don't see the announcements. No one announces it, but you'll all of a sudden see the orders are starting to slowdown that's another thing that would do it. And we'll just watch those as the year goes. You were quite -- we're prepared and as we've done in the past we'll move quick to stay out ahead of this.
JoseCaiado: Got it. Thank you. That's helpful Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Hunter Keay: Good morning. Thanks Nick. How are you doing? When you say 80% of your sales comes from sole source as far as you believe, why do you add that caveat? I don't want to over wordsmith your word choice, but what percent of that 80% sole source do you know is sole sourced, what I'm trying to do is get a sense for the barriers around the 80%?
Nick Howley: I think that is materially very close. I mean, why we hedge a little bit, there is no guarantee that someone makes a change they send us an e-mail and tell us they changed it, but we have a pretty good beat on it.
Hunter Keay: All right. So the vast majority of it?
Nick Howley: Yes.
Hunter Keay: Got it. And then, you mentioned Boeing kind of pushing people around a little bit. Are you getting pressure from them or any other OEs to roll up the contracts into maybe not one single contract, but certainly fewer contracts like we've seen from a couple other OE suppliers?
Nick Howley: Like everyone in the industry, Boeing has been pressing what they call as partnership for success which is the least to roll into less contracts, I would say and we ended up about two or three years ago with sort of modified version of that where the terms and conditions we agreed to generically and the rest of it is more product by product focus.
Hunter Keay: So, would you say that's largely behind you at this point or is that still kind of ongoing?
Nick Howley: I don't know. It was behind us two years ago but the contract runs for five years, or maybe it was -- was it three years ago or two years ago? I can't remember now. The contract runs for five years, so you'll reengage again a couple years before the contract runs out.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Thanks Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks and good morning or good afternoon, I guess now. Couple questions. First, to follow-up on the last one, have you see I ask this every quarter, sorry, but has there been anymore evidence of more second sourcing type incursion in your product line up or are you seeing evidence of that?
Nick Howley: No, we have not. We have not. As always we hear talk about periodically, but we haven't seen any significant activity. At least for any of the proprietary a very small percent of our business is non-proprietary and that part of it you'll see it. It's not unusual.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And then, I just wonder what can you do to guard against that. I know you owned some of the IP, and what have you but what other strategies do you have in place?
Nick Howley: Primarily we own the IP and it is a very expensive switching process. It's long and expensive. I mean the main way you protect yourself is deliver quality product, deliver it on time, and service the heck out of the account and fix it fast if something comes up because the math rarely works because of the switching cost.
Gautam Khanna: Makes sense. Wanted to get your high level view if there's any upside or downside with the new administration to your business, I mean how could you be benefited at all, if at all?
Nick Howley: I doubt first I have no idea but that's not going to stop me from saying something, I'm leading into that, I have no idea, but I'd be surprised if it has an impact on worldwide revenue passenger miles, but I guess you might see more defense spending perhaps, but I have no way to know how to handicap that at this point.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And then, one last one, you mentioned a reasonably active M&A pipeline. In this -- in the pipeline today, are there any larger opportunities kind of needle moving opportunities or are they more of the under $100 million of revenue size any characterization?
Nick Howley: I would say they were small to mid to large, but I'd also say that's almost always the case. The bigger ones tend to somebody decides to sell them and they come up and you've got to move pretty quick on them. I'd say the backlog doesn't look a lot different than it often looks.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And the profile is similar, high after market, high proprietary et cetera? You aren't seeing that?
Nick Howley: Well, when I say the backlog of things we're looking at, if it's not proprietary, it doesn't a reasonable amount of after market, it's not in our backlog.
Gautam Khanna: Got it. All right. Thank you guys.
Nick Howley: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak: Hi, guys just had one follow-up. In the defense segment you mentioned a few programs that I believe you said were order rate headwinds in 2016 versus 2015. I guess those are there for revenue growth headwinds in 2017, is that true and can you quantify that, it would be great to just understand how much the segment is growing for you excluding those program specific headwinds.
Nick Howley: Well, yes, Noah what I was trying to point out there is, the bookings ran behind the revenue this year 2016. So what I was trying to point out is that I don't think that's indicative of 2017 because there were a few big orders placed in 2015 that were multi-year orders. So they don't repeat each year, they repeat every other year -- every third year, something like that. I don't know if that's clear or not. That's what I was trying to point out what the rationale was for the booking probably behind. I think -- go ahead, sorry.
Noah Poponak: Are any of those revenue headwinds in 2017 that then don't repeat beyond 2017 or is it more that they are long cycle programs with lumpy order patterns?
Nick Howley: It's more like the long cycle programs. I would say the only one that I would say that could as you sort of pay your money and take your choice on what theA400 shipping rate is going to be. That was one of them and there could well be up or down adjustments for that as it's been kind of running in fits and starts.
Noah Poponak: I guess it sort of begs question then I little bit more broadly on the end market. Is there anything holding that up from reaccelerating a little faster just given what we're seeing with the budget and what we're seeing some other defense companies project for growth next year?
Nick Howley: If the question is could it be higher? Yes, it surely could and I would hope it would be. But, we sort of have to take our best estimate based on what we get out of the product teams, what we see in our incoming booking rates and forecast it out. Now, I would doubt we would be very far off on the OEM programs, but what could easily move up or down, I would hope up not down is the after market. If you get more active or you just decide to restock those things can move pretty quickly.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I'm seeing no other questioners in the queue at this time. So, I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, again, for calling into our call this morning and please look for our 10-K that will be filed tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you, again, for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes the program and you may disconnect at this time. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-08-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company LLC David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2016 third quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Operating Officer from our Power Group, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks and details are contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in earnings release or our presentation for the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning. And thanks again, everybody, for calling in this quarter. Today, I'll start off, as usual, with some comments about our consistent strategy, then give you an overview of our fiscal year Q3 and year-to-date performance, an update on our 2016 guidance, then Terry will run through the financial activity for the quarter. To restate again, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products. That is products for which we own the intellectual property. And for most of these, we are the sole source provider. Over half of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA come from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability through the cycles. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, TransDigm has year-in and year-out generated strong free cash flow. This gives us a lot of operating and financial flexibility. We follow a consistent long-term strategy; one, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses for significant aftermarket content; second, we have a simple well-proven value-based operating strategy based on our three value driver concept; third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that closely aligns the management with shareholders; fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, where we see a clear path to private equity-like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely on our choices for capital allocations, and we basically have four: invest in our existing businesses; two, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy, and these two are almost always our first choices, third, give the extra money back to the shareholders if there is any, either through a special dividend or stock buyback; and lastly, pay off debts. Though, as I've said in the past, given the current low after-tax cost of debt, this is still likely our last choice. Depending on the specific business and capital market conditions, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in the manner we think has the best chance to maximize our equity returns. To update you on a few items, the credit markets remain strong. After our recent financing, our bonds and secured debt are both trading roughly at or above par. We still have adequate access to debt markets at rates roughly consistent to those we now pay. In May, we raised about $2.7 billion, of which $1.9 billion was new debt. The new debt was about one-half bonds and one-half secured debt, roughly half of the new money was used to buy DDC. The current weighted average rate, including our hedges, is about 5.3% pre-tax, or about 3.5% interest after-tax. About 50% of the debt is still fixed and another 25% is hedged or capped. This is about the same average interest cost and the same hedge cap ratio as we've had for the last year or so. At 7/2/16, based on the current capital market conditions, we believe we still have adequate financial capacity to make over $1.5 billion of acquisitions without issuing additional equity and while maintaining a reasonable amount of liquidity. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. Assuming no additional acquisitions or other capital market activity, we anticipate we will have about $1.9 billion of cash at the end of fiscal year 2016. Again, based on today's conditions, we have additional capacity under our credit agreement plus we have the added borrowing capacity of any target acquisition. We saw a continuing improvement in the total commercial aftermarket revenues in the quarter. On a pro forma basis, our first half commercial aftermarket was up about 7% versus the prior year. Our Q3 was up 8% versus the prior year. The commercial transport aftermarket, excluding freighters, is up in the low-double-digit percent on both a quarter-versus-prior-year-quarter and a year-to-date basis. However, the business jet, helicopter and freighter aftermarket segments are weak. Though small individually, in total they pull the overall average increase down a bit. As I mentioned, in addition to credit market activities, we closed the DDC acquisition at the end of the quarter for $1 billion. This is our second largest deal to-date. DDC is the leading supplier of data bus and power control and related products that are used primarily in military avionics, commercial aerospace and space applications. The company's core data bus product line has a very large installed base of system worldwide that spans hundreds of unique military and commercial platforms. Revenues are anticipated to be over $200 million for the fiscal year ended December 2016, with approximately 75% coming from the defense market, and the remainder primarily from the commercial transport market. Approximately 70% of the total revenues are from the aftermarket, with nearly all of the revenues from proprietary and sole source products. In addition to almost all U.S. military aircraft, including the Joint Strike Fighter, the products were also recently selected for use on the Boeing 777X, the Airbus A380, as well as other applications. DDC's primary manufacturing facility is located in Bohemia, New York which is Long Island, with additional facilities in Mexico, UK and California. The business employs about 650 employees. DDC's highly-engineered proprietary products and significant aftermarket fit with our strategic focus and meet our usual investment return criteria. Turning now to our Q3 fiscal year 2016 and year-to-date performance; I'll remind you again, this is the third quarter for our fiscal year 2016. Our fiscal year started October 1 of 2015. As I've said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by difference in OEM and aftermarket mix, inventory movements, and modest seasonality and other factors. Total GAAP revenues and EBITDA As Defined were strong in the quarter, both the quarter and year-to-date. For Q3, revenues were up 15% versus the prior-year Q3, and 21% versus the prior-year's nine-month period. EBITDA was up about 23% versus the prior year for both the quarter and the year-to-date period. Overall, organic revenues were up 8% versus prior year Q3 and are up 4% on a year-to-date basis. In the quarter, on a GAAP basis, commercial aftermarket revenues were up more, while defense and commercial OEM were up a little less. EBITDA As Defined dollars and margin percent, were both strong in the quarter. Now, reviewing the revenues by market category; again, this is only pro forma basis versus the prior year Q3 and year-to-date, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. This does not include the just acquired DDC business. The primary difference between the 5% pro forma growth in Q3 and the 8% GAAP reported organic growth is the one-month lag in the financial reporting for Telair in Q3 of 2015. We reported this last year if you recall. This will negatively impact the GAAP organic growth in Q4. To remind you, we use the pro forma or same-store growth to more clearly reflect our management view of the actual situation. In the commercial aftermarket, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues are up about 4% for Q3 versus the prior-year and are now up about 1% on a year-to-date basis. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up most of our commercial OEM business, are up 6% versus the prior Q3 and about 3% on a year-to-date basis. Year-to-date bookings for commercial transport continue to run modestly ahead of revenues. Commercial transport is about on our expectations at the start of the fiscal year. The biz jet and helicopter revenues are a much smaller percent of our OEM revenues, but the revenues in this market continue down. Q3 revenues and bookings were both down in the third quarter. The bookings and revenues in the biz jet and helicopter markets are now both almost 7% below prior year-to-date. The biz jet and helicopter markets in total are weaker than we expected at the start of the fiscal year. Total commercial aftermarket revenues were up about 8% for this quarter versus the prior-year, and are now up 7% on a year-to-date basis. On a year-to-date basis versus the prior-year, as I said, commercial transport revenues, excluding freighters, are now up 10% year-over-year with soft business jet, helicopter and freighter revenues pulling the average down a bit. Total year-to-date commercial aftermarket bookings are still running modestly ahead of our shipments. The defense market, which makes up about 30% of our revenue, defense revenues for fiscal year 2016 Q3 were up 3% versus prior year Q3, and are now just about flat on a year-to-date basis. The revenue by product line continues spotty; however, Q3 defense bookings were down significantly versus the prior year on a tough comparison. Bookings are now running just slightly ahead of revenues on a year-to-date basis. Most of the booking shortfall is timing on a few large OEM orders, including A400M order slowdown to adjust for inventory. Defense aftermarket orders were also a little weak in Q3. These are quicker turn and could have some modest impact on our Q4 shipments. Moving to profitability, and on a reported basis now, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The as-defined adjustments in Q3 were refinancing-related expenses, non-cash compensation, and acquisition-related costs and amortizations. The EBITDA As Defined of about $384 million for Q3 and $1.1 billion year-to-date, both are up 23% versus the prior year periods. The EBITDA As Defined margin was a strong 48% of revenue for Q3 and about 48% on a year-to-date basis. This is up  47%, excuse me, on a year-to-date basis. This is up 1% versus last year-to-date in spite of approximately 2% of margin dilution from the 2015 and 2016 acquisitions. As we mentioned last quarter, we reduced our employment level in the range of 4% to 5% in Q1 of this year. This, combined with our other value drivers, contributed to the strong margins. With respect to acquisitions, we continue looking at opportunities. The pipeline of possibilities is still active, more small-to-mid sized deals than large. Closings, as I always say, are difficult to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Turning now to the 2016 guidance, we continue to have some concern about the duration of the commercial transport OEM cycle though it is holding up so far, and would have little impact on this year in any event. As I said before, we're cautious with our spending and are ready to react quickly if necessary. We see a lot of noise in various industry forecasts and the tone hasn't been great. Wide bodies have obviously softened. Narrow-bodies, on the other hand, seemed to be doing okay. In the commercial aftermarket, air travel with a few exceptions is holding up reasonably well. The biz jet, helicopter and freighter aftermarkets are softer than we originally anticipated and would seem likely to continue so for a bit. All-in-all, this is our best estimate for the balance of the year and includes the DDC acquisition. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions beyond DDC in fiscal year 2016, the guidance is as follows. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2016 guidance is $3.18 billion. This is up $14 million from our prior guidance. We've increased the revenue to reflect the DDC acquisition. The decline in forecast biz jet and helicopter revenues and slightly softer defense revenues offset a portion of this. We're up about 18% on a GAAP basis year-over-year. The midpoint of the fiscal year of 2016 EBITDA As Defined guidance is now $1.49 billion. That's an increase of $30 million from the prior guidance. This is up 21% on a full year-over-full year basis. The increase in guidance is driven both by the DDC acquisition and the improvements in our base EBITDA margin. The DDC acquisition is the largest dollar part of this increase. The base business, excluding the 2015 and 2016 acquisitions, is anticipated to achieve an EBITDA margin of about 49%, or up 2.5 points versus 2015 from the same mix of businesses. The recent acquisition margins also continue running at or a bit ahead of our original estimates. The midpoint of the EBITDA as adjusted is anticipated to be $11.30 per share, that's up $0.14 from our last guidance. This is up about 25% versus the prior year. The increase in EPS guidance is due primarily to the acquisition of DDC and the improvement in the core business results and improvement in the overall tax rate. Two of those things partially offset by increased interest on the new debt. On a pro forma or same-store basis, the guidance is based on the following growth rates: commercial aftermarket revenue growth is still forecast in the mid to high-single digits. We're a bit cautious on the upside of this range, primarily due to the soft biz jet, helicopter and freighter revenues I discussed. The defense and military revenues are more likely flat to perhaps slightly down versus the prior year. The weaker Q3 bookings led us to temper the full-year forecast a bit. The commercial OEM revenue growth in the low-single-digit percent, we still believe commercial transport shipments will be up mid-single digits, but it now appears the biz jet and helicopter shipments for the year will be down in the mid to high-single-digit percent range. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activities, we expect to have about $1.9 billion in cash and about $600 million in undrawn revolver at fiscal year-end 2016. Assuming no acquisitions or other capital market activities, our net leverage is anticipated to be about 5.4 times EBITDA at the end of 2016. We will review our capital allocations during the fourth quarter of this fiscal year or the first quarter of next year. And based on the business and capital market conditions at that time, we'll make a decision as to how to proceed. In any event, I'm confident with our consistent value-focused strategy and our strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our equity investors. And with that, let me hand this over to Terry.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you. Nick. I will now review our financial results. Third quarter net sales were $798 million, or approximately 15% greater than prior year. Almost half the growth came from the collective impact of acquisitions of Pexco, PneuDraulics and Breeze. Organic sales were up approximately 8.3%, driven by strong growth in the commercial aftermarket, partially offset by weaker commercial OEM and defense sales. The organic growth also was positively impacted due to the prior period including only two months of Telair and Franke due to a reporting lag. Q4 2015 included four months of Telair and Franke to catch up on that lag. Our third quarter gross profit was $444 million, an increase of 23% over the prior year. Our reported gross profit margin of 55.6% was about 3.5 margin points higher than the prior year. A decrease in acquisition-related costs versus the prior year, partially offset by the acquisition operating margin dilution contributed about one-half a point to the higher reported margin. Excluding all acquisition-related accounting adjustments and operating activity, our gross profit margin in the business versus the prior-year quarter improved 3 margin points. The operations continue to expand margins as a result of the strength of our proprietary products and continuing improving our cost structure. Additionally, sequential gross profit margins improved about a half a point excluding all acquisition activity. Our selling and administrative expenses were 11.8% of sales for the current quarter and the same in the prior year. Excluding acquisition-related expenses and noncash stock compensation, SG&A was about 9.7% of sales, compared to 10% of sales a year ago. We have an increase in interest expense of approximately $14 million versus the prior year quarter. This is the result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $8.7 billion in the current quarter versus $7.6 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to the recent financing completed during the quarter that Nick previously discussed. As part of the financing, we borrowed an incremental $1.9 billion, of which the proceeds were used to fund the acquisition of DDC and for general corporate purposes, including potential future dividends or share repurchases. As part of the financing, we received an amendment to allow for a special dividend and/or stock buybacks up to $1.5 billion. At this time, no decision has been made on the use of the additional proceeds. And as Nick mentioned, investing in our existing business and making accretive acquisitions are always our first choices. Including the new incremental debt, we expect our full-year 2016 net interest expense to be approximately $485 million. Our effective tax rate was 27.6% in the current quarter, compared to 28.6% in the prior year. The lower effective rate in the quarter was primarily due to foreign earnings taxed at a lower rate than the U.S. statutory rates and the impact of discrete tax benefits received primarily from the R&D credit related to our filing of our fiscal 2015 return during this quarter. We will adopt the new accounting standard in the fourth quarter of 2016. The new standard is related to the accounting for excess tax benefits for stock option exercises that were previously recorded as a direct credit to equity and now will be recognized in an income tax provision on the income statement. This change will bring our effective tax rate closer to our cash tax rate. Considering the impact of this new accounting treatment, our full-year estimated tax rate is expected to be around 25%. Our estimated tax rate for adjusted EPS is expected to be approximately 30%, which excludes the accounting standard change I just discussed. Our net income for the quarter increased $41 million, or 42% to $141 million, which is 17.6% of sales. This compares to net income of $99 million, or 14.3% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in our net sales and improvements to our operating margin, resulting from the strength of our proprietary products, continued productivity efforts and other items. Lower interest expense and refinancing costs as a percentage of net sales also contributed to the increase in net income as a percentage of net sales. GAAP EPS was $2.52 per share in the current quarter, compared to $1.75 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS was $3.09 per share, an increase of 36.7%, compared to $2.26 per share last year. Please refer to table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles the GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Now, switching gears to cash and liquidity. We ended the quarter with $1.67 billion of cash. This includes approximately $850 million of proceeds from the financing we put on the balance sheet for use for general purposes. The company's net debt leverage ratio at quarter end was 5.7 times our pro forma EBITDA As Defined, and our gross leverage was 6.8 times pro forma EBITDA As Defined. Excluding any additional acquisitions or capital market transactions, we now expect our cash balance to be about $1.9 billion and net leverage to be approximately 5.4 times at the end of fiscal 2016. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $10.23. And as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint for our adjusted EPS to be $11.30. The $1.07 of adjustments to bridge the GAAP to adjusted EPS includes the following assumptions; $0.05 from dividend equivalent payments, $0.57 from non-cash stock option expense, $0.88 of acquisition-related expenses, $0.20 of refinancing costs. And these are all partially offset by $0.63 due to reducing fourth quarter income tax provision from the adoption of the new accounting standard I previously mentioned. Now, I will hand it back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Operator, we are currently ready to open the lines. We do ask that you limit your questions to two per caller and then reinsert yourself into the queue to allow time for everyone to ask questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will come from Ken Herbert at Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, Nick, I just wanted to first ask, on the commercial aftermarket, it sounds like the airlines continue to spend pretty substantially. Are you seeing upside there relative to your expectations? And is maybe the helicopter and business jet weakness, I know there are more than perhaps you expected, but are you seeing surprise to the upside from what you're hearing from your airline or commercial transport customers?
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah. I also just to point out, the freighter business, which isn't a big part, but it doesn't help, is a little  that's probably a little softer than we might have thought. But if we are  I mean, just almost mathematically if we are holding our guidance, but the biz jet and helicopters are lower, that means the rest of it has to be a little better.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. It sounds like, though, you're maybe walking us away from the upper end of the guidance a little bit, from your comments.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That was the comment. I have to admit I'm a little concerned. And, I don't have any particular inside knowledge here, but I'm a little concerned where the bottom is on biz jet and helicopter aftermarket.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then, just...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think it's a big deal for the balance of the year here. We can't move it much, but could move it a hair.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: But it sounds like that could certainly spill into fiscal 2017?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. We'll comment on that when we get there. And Ken, I don't want to start to speculate on that piece by piece.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And then, if I could, have you seen anything different in terms of inventory levels  again on the aftermarket  either within your distribution channel or within end users over the last quarter?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I can't say anything. We have, I would say, individual units. We see some distributor movement, but on balance, I don't think it's a substantive impact.
Kenneth George Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Well, thank you very much and nice quarter.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Ron Epstein of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hey, good morning, Nick and everyone.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Nick, in your prepared remarks, you'd mentioned that you're seeing some more softness in the wide-body market but the narrow-body market seems to be okay. I don't know if you could just maybe add some color to that, wax on on both of those a little bit more on what you're seeing, because it really does seem like there's a bit of a bifurcation in the market.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. And I don't  I mean, all I'm doing is reporting on  I'm just sort of reporting back what we hear from our customers, which is very close to the same things they're announcing publicly. You've seen the A330, A380 and 747 rates get cut back. Whereas on the wide body  or in the narrow body, you're not seeing that. If anything, they're still rumbling, they might step them up a little. And I don't have any more insight into that. And I would say our business roughly reflects that same thing.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Yes. Yes. And then, if I may, just a quick follow-on. Over at Farnborough, we've talked to several different suppliers, and some of them mentioned that some of the OEs might be trying to second source some things today that are currently sole sourced. Has that had any impact on your business? And what is your thought on that? Is it an opportunity, a threat?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It is not. I would point out that, one, we tend to have agreements in place with most of the OEs for the products. And the other is that the vast majority of what we have is proprietary. It's not hard  not impossible, but it's significantly more difficult to replace a proprietary product than a non-proprietary one.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Or, in other words, when you own the IP, much of what I have seen at least in the  what I've heard and what I've seen publicly, is replacing non-proprietary stuff.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay. Great.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: In other words, when the supplier doesn't own the IP.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Carter Copeland at Barclays. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey, Carter.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Nick, I wondered if you could help us maybe just parse the impact in biz jet and freighter. As you look through that, do you have a sense of how much of that is real declines versus destock? Is there a portion of that that you wouldn't expect to repeat next year because it is destock?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I know it's not easy to answer.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Let me try that in pieces. In the helicopter business, Carter, I obvious  I don't know where the bottom of that is. As you know what's driving that, the big driver there is the oil prices are off, so all the stuff servicing that industry is sort of in a swoon. I'd like to think it's close to the bottom but, frankly, I'm just not sure. Fortunately, it's not a lot of our business. I would say in the business jet, in the OEM business, once again, I'd like to think that  well, in the OEM business, I'm sure there is some inventory drawdown there that I would hope would not repeat. But I also would have to say I think, I and the rest of the industry has been notoriously inaccurate when predicting this business jet production rate. It's been  every year, it's been going to go up since 2010 or 2011 and really hasn't gone up much. The aftermarket, I think, is more stable in the business jet. In the freighter business, I think you know what's going on there. Freight traffic is just slowing down some. I think there's been  there I'm pretty comfortable that there's been some inventory drawdown throughout the system. I can't quantify that, but I'm quite sure there's been some. I hope that would stabilize next year.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. And then just to help me square the math on the difference between the stated organic growth numbers and then when you look at it by segment, obviously implies that the pro forma growth in some of the things you acquired had some pretty sizeable declines. Is that a Breeze-Eastern?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Let me try that. Carter, I guess I didn't make myself clear and I'll try it once. And if it doesn't  if I tangle the accounting up  Terry can hop in and replace me or replace me, can hop in and give it some better words. If you may or may not remember, when we bought Telair last year, we had a transition agreement with AAR where they would do the accounting for a quarter while we got things switched over. The net result of that is because of the turn times, we had to be on a one-month lag in the previous year's third quarter. So, we only had two months. And this year, we have three months.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So when we report on a GAAP basis, it makes the growth number larger. When we go back and do it on a same-store basis, it's smaller, when we assume we own the same things in both periods, if that's clear.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. Perfect. Perfectly clear.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's the bulk of the difference. There may be a little bit here. The vast majority of 3% spread is that.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think it's important to know, Carter, though, by next quarter there's going to be four months in Q4 2015 versus three months in Q4 of 2016.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. So, it's going to  and the gap is going to (35:46).
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It'll go the other direction in the fourth quarter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Wonderful. Thanks for the color, guys.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Noah Poponak at Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co.: This is Gavin Parsons on for Noah. Good morning, everyone.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just looking at the defense aftermarket, on bookings, presumably you can make up the OEM orders that slipped, but you said aftermarket was a bit weak.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Should we draw any conclusion from the aftermarket demand or is that more random lumpiness in the bookings?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I would say the OEM stuff is just pure timing. We had some big orders in the third quarter of the prior year, and then we didn't get them this year, plus we had a couple of things slip out. Probably the biggest single one was the A400. They're ordering at lower rates frankly, because they probably had a little too much inventory with all the moving around in their shipments. The aftermarket was  and I don't want to overemphasize this, but the aftermarket was a little softer than we expected. I don't think that's anything more than random variation, but it can a little bit of that we anticipate to turn fast in the fourth quarter. And I'm a little concerned that it won't come in in time. That's all I was trying to  the point I was trying to make there. And that's why we hedged our defense business down a little.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Got it. And then DDC, maybe in that context, and within the five-year military outlook for flat to modestly up, given DDC is already pretty high margin, can you give us an idea of where we can go from here in terms of DDC margin and in terms of revenue growth, maybe given a little bit of...?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't want to speculate on individual businesses. I will tell you that when we do the DDC math when we bought it, we look at it the same way we look at all the other businesses. Roughly half  that half equity, something like that. And over the five-year period, assuming we buy-sell, we still see a return on our equity up in the 20% range. And that still works.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And could you comment on where aftermarket bookings were relative to revenue in the quarter?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think I did. They ran ahead, not a lot ahead, but they ran modestly ahead.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: This is commercial I'm talking about.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Michael Ciarmoli at KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. It's actually Kevin on for Mike. Been seeing a lot of pressure from the EU airlines in terms of passenger traffic, airline profit, just given the economic environment there. Are you seeing behavioral changes from your customers in Europe as a result of that at this point? Or how are you guys looking out maybe longer term, from that sense?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I can't say we've seen anything different in the last quarter than we've seen in the past. As you know  we, for the last, probably, I don't know, 15 months, though it's getting a little better now, our view has been, across the world, in ordering, airlines have been ordering at a lower rate than their consumption. But I can't say it's recovering some now, but I can't say we've seen any change in the last quarter or any specific change in the European airlines.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Let me back that up a minute, just a second to be clear. We have seen some change in the last couple of quarters. We still, seems to me, like they're not quite up to their consumption rate in ordering.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then, Nick, since you closed on DDC, anything incremental you've learned there in terms of the business versus what you expected? Based on the last answer you gave, it sounds like it's going fairly well.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It looks a fine business. We've only owned it for -
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Kevin, what is it? Four weeks or six weeks?
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, a little over a month.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Right.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. We don't know  let me tell you, it's  we look like we got what we expected. Surely, no worse and, hopefully, maybe a little better. So far, we don't  no bad news, and that's always good.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: All right. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Robert Spingarn at Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning, guys.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So, I wanted to ask you about the difference in your sales versus the difference in your cost of goods sold. Even when adjusting for the inventory step-ups, there's a pretty big spread there. And does that speak to pricing year-over-year?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. So, let me give a try and then I let Terry, I always talk about EBITDA margins because, frankly, it captures everything in my view. The EBITDA margins are up and they're up with fair amount versus last year. And as I think, there's a couple of things doing that. As you know, we do okay in the pricing and that impacts it. But the other thing is we  at the beginning of this year, we took about 4% or so more out of our head count sort of to get ready for a possible downturn in the OEM business, and that hasn't happened. So, we have a little better cost structure and the revenues have hung in. Those are the two significant contributors.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. And I think if you do the adjustments you do on slide 10, it even extends that benefit or magnifies it. In other words, between the cost takeout and the pricing you're speaking to, Nick, this is really a very substantial benefit.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I think we're doing a decent job of grinding the margins out.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Was there...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And I would say the acquisitions we have made in the last couple of years -you're talking about the numbers without the acquisition stripped out, I presume.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): No. These are the GAAP numbers, I imagine, that we're looking at.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You're right. The acquisitions  in general, our acquisition margins are better than we anticipated when we bought them also.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And was there any timing lag to the cost takeout in fiscal Q1 and the fact that we're seeing this now in fiscal Q3?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think there's any unusual. We had a lot of acquisition activity. And so, there's a lot of different mixes from the timing of when things occurred. But there's nothing usual comes to mind.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. I mean, there may have been whenever we finished doing the customers, probably some severance that had along within it, but...
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then just on the timing on the commercial OEs, you spoke to it before when you were talking about the wide-body weakness, et cetera, but any particular reason why this quarter saw some acceleration in the commercial OE, relative to the beginning of the year?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. I don't think so. Rob, I think it's just normal. I don't think anything substantively changed  well, let me back up. In the commercial transport world, I don't think anything has substantially changed of what we expected in the beginning of the year. I do think the biz jet has continued to soften through the year more than we expected.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): But does that change at all your view  I think I asked you this last time, and if you spoke to this earlier, apologies  but are you still looking for 4% organic growth for the year?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We disclosed it. I'm just not looking at  what's the number we disclosed? (43:34)
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We didn't disclose it, okay. We gave a number, Rob, we didn't give the organic. But as you saw, I think you saw our guidance for the year. Our revenues  I don't want to start speculating on that without all the math in front of me. But not a substantive change either way.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Even with this pressure you just spoke to, the biz jet, et cetera, you still feel pretty much --?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I mean we haven't disclosed that number, so I don't want to back into it. The guidance we gave is the guidance we gave. I'm always very nervous about stabbing at a number when I haven't seen the math of it.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right. Okay. Well, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Gautam Khanna at Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. I have a couple of questions. One, I was wondering, on the back of Ron's question, are you seeing the OEMs requiring that on new product development, that they own the IP, such that they get a bigger piece of the aftermarket going forward for new parts? Have you seen any of that pressure?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Could you just first  at the beginning of your question, the words got a little garbled.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company LLC: I'm sorry. Hopefully this is better. I was asking, are you seeing the OEMs put any more pressure on controlling the IP on new product developments as a condition for bidding?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We have not seen that yet. But we've heard people talked about it, other people. We haven't seen it.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company LLC: You haven't seen it? Okay. Two other ones, if I may. One, I was wondering, what do you think  what level of leverage could you be at to support a special dividend? I mean what level would you be uncomfortable going beyond? (45:35)
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think I want to speculate on that. I think our  just let me ask Terry, if the credit agreement is public data.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. Public data.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, we have a credit agreement that we recently renegotiated, allows us to pay out up to $1.5 billion by 12/31/2016. That doesn't say we're going to do that, but that's sort of the level we could go up to when you could sort of solve into the math there.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And last one, Nick, I just wondered what your plans are, if you thought about it, and when you may communicate it to the Street. I know, if I recall, Kevin has an agreement that allows him to leave at the end of 2017. Just wanted to get your plans on succession, if you've given any thought to it yet or willing to share (46:25)
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're not prepared for it  we're not prepared to talk about that. I have a contract that runs through 2019, and you know the contract is what it is. But we're not prepared to talk about that. And, quite frankly, I enjoy the business and still like it here.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company LLC: All right. Thanks a lot, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from David Strauss at UBS. Your line is now open.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. A question, I guess, along those same lines, Nick. $1.7 billion in cash on the balance sheet. You're going to generate, I guess, an additional $200 million in the fourth quarter. It's not like you to just sit around on this kind of cash balance for long. What do you think in there?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: What I'm thinking? Myles (sic) [David] (47:19), what I'm thinking is, through this fourth quarter and the beginning of next year, we'll look at the lay of the land and we'll decide what to build. I mean, you're right, we're not  unless we see something substantive relatively near-term use for a whole lot of money, we'll probably pay something out. What did I say?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Myles (sic) [David] (47:43).
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm Myles (sic) [David] (47:43). David, excuse me.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: That's all right, Nick. I'll let it go.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm looking up at the screen here, and it has Myles' (sic) [David's] (47:49) name. But then you're up at top. Oh, I see. I'm looking at my cheat sheet, I apologize.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: All right, no worries.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But we love you just the same.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. I'll call in a favor for that one. On the aftermarket, are you benefiting at this point at all from any initial sparing on the MAX?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think so. At least it's nothing material and not discernible.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then I guess, Terry, one for you. You talk about 30% tax rate on the adjusted basis this year. Is that a good number to think about going forward into 2017?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm not going to speculate where we'll be at 2017 once we roll our plan. But I would say, it's probably going to be in the ballpark and that's going to be the number for the rest of the year. One thing that we don't know is the mix of business, and how things play out as we move into 2017. So that rate could change on us a little bit here or there plus or minus.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Myles Walton at Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, Nick, you can call me Dave if it makes up (49:14) First one, maybe just to clarify on that last piece of tax rate, so the adjustment -- you're excluding the changes in accounting benefit. Should we think about that, Terry, as an ongoing adjustment? Are you going to try and keep it clean and stable or is this a one year because of how big the adjustment is?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I got to ask you, Myles, is that opposed to dirty and unstable?
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No, I'll leave it to Terry.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I just wanted to lay the groundwork into the playing (49:48) field.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, yeah, I know.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: This new accounting change everybody is going to have to go through. As you know, we don't have any control over what timing when people exercise their stock options. So, what we'll do is continue to pull this out of the adjusted EPS. And that's why we want to give you a rate that's closer to that, say, 30%. But what this will do is drive down our cash tax rate, assuming our effective tax rate will be a lot closer to our cash tax rate, which I know you guys have asked for in the past, which gets us around that 25%.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So, I'll follow up with it. And then the other one, Nick, can you comment on the distribution buying behavior in the aftermarket? Are you seeing any changing in how the distributors are buying in terms of their patterns? Are they adding volatility to the noise in the aftermarket or are they pretty much straight pass-throughs?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. In total, I don't think so, though there's some puts and takes. In the freighter business, we've probably seen a little more volatility in distributor ordering because, frankly, they're looking at that market and doesn't look as good. But I think that's  it isn't a lot of money and it's been offset in the other direction. So, in total, I don't think it's impacting the numbers materially at this point.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And the only clarifications -- you said $1.9 billion on the balance sheet, and I think you took out $900 million excess cash. Last quarter it was $1.1 billion. Is that just rounding or did operating cash flow, free cash flow, get adjusted at all?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. I don't think there's anything unusual there. We've had some puts and takes. We think about fees associated with the financing. You have higher interest cost. We have just M&A activity, different expenses and things of that nature that have impacted the net cash and then working capital has also an impact on the numbers, but nothing -- just a lot of puts and takes gets you down to $1.9 billion.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Hunter Keay at Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: So, when you guys head into a quarter -- the nature of my question is about visibility on commercial aftermarket sales -- when you go into a given quarter, how much of your revenue is known? And has that changed at all over the last maybe 18 months to 24 months?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think it's changed substantially over the last 18 months to 24 months. I would say the lion's share of it you know going into a quarter, but when you're looking for is it a 3% change or 5% change or 8% or whatever, within a couple of  you have a few points still to be booked and shipped.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And so, the bulk of it, you know, but you don't know all of it.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: And that's probably the toughest to predict or choppiest segment of your business, probably, you'd say, right?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's the fastest turn part.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Right. Okay. And then...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Let me just add there.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Sure.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Over the long haul, over any length period of time, 12 months, 18 months or something like that, if you do kind of a rolling average, it's probably the easier thing to predict. But for quarters, it can bounce around.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Even easier than OE?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. It depends what  it is much less cyclical. Maybe I picked the wrong time period, maybe 12 months or 18 months is too short a period. But for any longer period of time, the aftermarket is more predictable than the OEM.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. I got you. Okay. Cool. And then...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Maybe stabler is another way of putting it.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Sure, makes sense. And on the 10% aftermarket growth in the commercial transport, can you give us any more color on what's driving that strength? However you want to talk about, whether it's a geography, aircraft type, is it like a pricing versus volume? And if there's anything that's...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think is there any  we don't comment on the pricing.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: All right.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I would say pricing patterns are no different than they have been historically, at least for us. I would say the main thing that's driving it is, I think we have published this chart a number of times, it can be somewhat cyclical. And I speculate that the airlines have been undermined for the last, I don't know, 12 months, something like that, 15 months, and they're starting to catch up.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Just globally. Okay. Thank you, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Seth Seifman at JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much and good morning. Just to follow-up on some of the questions about capital deployment to sort of qualify or clarify a little bit of what you said before. The cash that you have on the balance sheet, it seems like you're looking at an either/or thing, either there will be a sizeable acquisition or there will be a dividend, and not necessarily looking at some kind of combination of smaller acquisitions as we've seen in the past. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know that it's binary like that.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You know, either it could well be a mix. I just  we'll decide that as we get closer. And depending on what  two things, what the capital market situation looks like and what's the sort of near-term acquisition landscape looks like. But I don't think I'd say it's that binary.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. That's good to clarify. And then just on the profitability front, obviously very impressive margins this quarter. As you think about, not necessarily this point but once we integrate DDC, do you still think about the same type of generic margin expansion potential annually going forward as you have in the past? I think you've probably talked in the past about being able to generate a point or so of margin opportunity of margin in the base business, and then you add acquisitions and that pulls down the average and you move it up over time. Still fair to think about it from this new level?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I would say, first I don't want to speculate about next year's margin. We'll give...
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. I know but generically.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I would say I don't  there is nothing fundamentally changing in the dynamics of this business.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Liza Sabol for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, everyone, for participating in this morning's call and please look for our 10-Q that we expect to file tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-05-10 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC Matthew C. Akers - UBS Securities LLC Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the TransDigm Group Incorporated Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol. You may begin.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you. Welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2016 second quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Operating Officer of our Power Group, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Details are contained in this morning's press release in our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, now let me turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning and thanks to everybody for calling in. Today as usual, I'll start with some comments on the consistency of our strategy, an overview then of fiscal year 2016, both the second quarter and year-to-date performance. We'll update the guidance for the year. Kevin is then going to update you on some operating items and Terry will run through the financials for the quarter. To restate, we believe our model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. About 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, that is, products for which we own the intellectual property. Over half our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability through the cycles. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margin, TransDigm has, year-in and year-out, generated very strong free cash flow, this gives us lots of operating and financial flexibility. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have a well-proven value-based operating strategy, based on our three value driver concept. We maintain a decentralized organization structure, and a unique compensation system that closely aligns the management with the shareholders. We acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, where we see a clear path to PE or private equity-like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for capital allocation. We basically have four. First, invest in our existing businesses; second, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy, and these two are almost always our first choices. Third is to give extra money back to the shareholders, either through a special dividend or stock buyback; and lastly is to pay off debt. But given the current low after-tax cost of debt, this is still likely our last choice. Depending on the specific business and capital market conditions, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in a manner we think has the best chance to maximize the equity returns. Now, to update you on a few items from this quarter. The credit markets, at least as of today, have firmed up nicely in the last quarter. Our bonds and secured debt are trading roughly at par. We have adequate access to debt markets at rates roughly consistent with those we pay now. In the first six months of the year, we bought back about 1 million shares of TransDigm stock at an average price of $205 a share. Almost all of this occurred in the December through February timeframe. We currently have an additional $340 million of repurchase authorized. This authorization does not imply anything about our buyback plans. At 4/2/2016, which is the end of the quarter, based on current capital market conditions, we believe we have adequate capacity to make over $1.5 billion of acquisitions without issuing any additional equity and maintaining significant liquidity after we do that. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. On a very positive note, the commercial aftermarket revenues and bookings picked up substantially this quarter. Quarterly bookings ran ahead of the strong shipments. Recoveries are often not straight upward lines and we could still see bumps, but it's good to see a strong quarter like this. As I've said before, we see a number of factors that should contribute to continuing commercial transport aftermarket growth this year. Passenger traffic remains strong, slowdown in retirements, and potential ends to the deferral or inventory cycle. On the other hand, though much smaller in our revenues, the business jet and freighter aftermarkets could be weakening. Turning to Q2 fiscal year 2016 and year-to-date performance, and I remind you this is the second quarter for 2016, our year started October 1. As I've said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be impacted by differences in mix, inventory fluctuations, seasonality and things like that. Total company GAAP revenues and EBITDA As Defined were strong, both for the Q2 and year-to-date. For Q2, the revenues were up 29% versus the prior Q2, and 24% versus the prior year-to-date. EBITDA As Defined was up about the same percent as the revenues. Overall, organic revenues were up in the 4% to 5% range versus the prior year. Commercial revenues were up a bit more, while defense was modestly down. Defense bookings on the other hand ran well ahead of the shipments. EBITDA As Defined dollars and margin percent were both strong. To review the revenues by market category, again, this is on a pro forma or same-store kind of a basis versus the prior year. And this is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were about flat for Q2 versus both the prior year, year-to-date, and versus the prior year Q2. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up the vast majority of our commercial OEM revenues, are up 2% versus the prior year-to-date, Q2 was flat versus a difficult comp in the prior year. We saw some modest inventory adjustments in certain commercial transport OEM Tier 1 accounts. Year-to-date, commercial transport bookings are running slightly ahead of revenues. The biz jet and helicopter OEM revenues are a much smaller percent of our business and are heavily biz jet weighted. In total, revenues in these markets were about flat versus the prior year Q2, and due to the weak Q1, down about 6% year-to-date. Business jet bookings for Q2 were slightly ahead of shipments. The biz jet market in total seems a little weaker than we originally anticipated. Total commercial aftermarket revenues were up about 13% for this quarter versus the prior year and are now up 7% on a year-to-date basis. On a year-to-date basis, the commercial transport aftermarket is now up a little more than the overall average and the business jet, helicopter and freighter markets are flat to slightly down. For the quarter, total commercial aftermarket bookings were modestly above shipments. Commercial transport bookings were up 16% in Q2 versus the prior Q2; biz jet, helicopter and other bookings were modestly down in Q2 versus the prior year Q2. But I'd remind you again, these other categories are far smaller than the commercial transport. The defense aftermarket makes up about 30% of our revenue. Defense revenues for fiscal year 2016 Q2 were down 3% versus the prior Q2, and down about 1% on a year-to-date basis. The revenues by product lines were spotty with no clear patterns. However, as I said before, year-to-date bookings are running ahead of shipments, they're running about 11% ahead of shipments with a very strong quarter of bookings in Q2. Moving on to profitability and on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q2 were non-cash compensation expense and acquisition-related costs or amortizations. EBITDA As Defined of about $396 million for Q2 was up 28% versus the prior quarter  prior Q2, and $688 million, or up 23%, on a year-to-date basis. The EBITDA As Defined margin was 46.5% of the revenue for Q2, and 46% year-to-date. This is about the same margin percents as last year in spite of approximately 2% of margin dilution from the 2015 and 2016 acquisitions. As we mentioned last quarter, we've reduced our employment level in the range of 4% to 5% in Q1, this, combined with our other value drivers, contributes to the strong margins. With respect to acquisitions, we continue looking at opportunities, the pipeline of near-term possibilities strengthened from the last quarter and we are seeing more activity recently. Closings are difficult to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Turning now to the 2016 guidance. We continue to have some concern about the duration of the commercial transport OEM cycle. As I've said before, we're cautious with our spending and are ready to react quickly if necessary. We see increasing variability in various industry forecasts and by platform, the news is somewhat mixed. In the commercial aftermarket, air travel is holding up well and as I mentioned, there are other factors that should positively impact demand. As I also said, that biz jet and freighter markets could be a little softer than we originally anticipated, recoveries don't always run in a straight line, so we tend to be a little cautious. All in all, this is our best estimate for the full year. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions, beyond Breeze, in fiscal year 2016, the guidance is as follows. The midpoint of the 2016 revenue guidance is $3.17 billion, this is the same as our prior guidance. We've tightened the range up a little, it's up 17% on a GAAP basis year-over-year. The midpoint of the fiscal year 2016 EBITDA As Defined guidance is $1.46 billion, an increase of about $25 million. This is up 18% year-over-year. The increase in guidance is driven by improvements in our EBITDA margin. The base business, that is excluding the 2015 and 2016 acquisitions, is still anticipated to achieve an EBITDA margin of about 49%, or up around 2 points versus 2015 for the same mix of businesses. The recent acquisition margins are running a bit ahead of our prior estimates. The midpoint of the EPS as adjusted is now anticipated to be $11.16 per share, or up $0.39 a share from our last guidance. This is up 24% versus prior year. The increase in guidance is due to two factors, improved margins and modestly lower share count as a result of our buybacks. Terry will run through some of the details. On a pro forma or same-store basis, this guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions: commercial aftermarket growth in the mid to high single-digits. We're still somewhat cautious, but obviously, feel better than we did 90 days ago. In the defense military revenue, growth in the low single-digit percent or slightly down year-to-date, but the strong year-to-date bookings and the strong Q2 bookings give us some confidence here. Commercial OEM revenues, we see growth in the low to mid single-digit percent range. We're still assuming commercial transport shipments will be slightly up, but we're concerned that the biz jet shipments for the year could be flat to modestly down. We also expect to see a modest decrease in freighter revenue for the year, based on the announced 747 rate decrease. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have around $1.1 billion in cash and over $400 million in undrawn revolver at year-end 2016  excuse me, $500 million, we also have additional capacity under our credit agreement. Assuming no acquisitions or other capital market activity, our net leverage is anticipated to be about 4.9 times EBITDA at the end of 2016 or down about one full turn. In summary, Q2 was a good quarter, as we look to the balance of the year, the market conditions are still a little unclear and that makes us cautious. However, we think we still may have some modest margin upside to help offset any market variations. In any event, I'm confident with our consistent, value-focused strategy and a strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our shareholders. And with that, let me turn this over to Kevin.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Good morning, everyone. As Nick mentioned, in total, we had a good second quarter. As we've stated previously, we believe our planning processes, unique application of the TransDigm value drivers and our organizational focus on accretive acquisitions that meet our strategic vision are the keys to delivering shareholder value. And as you will see, we have made appreciable progress on each of these this past year. For an update on our acquisition-related value driver, let me give you an update on the last acquisitions we accomplished. To this point, let me once again provide some color to our acquisition strategy. As we do with each acquisition, we follow a detailed and scripted integration plan. This includes an implementation of our value creation process and metrics, restructuring the company into our business unit focus groups, focusing the engineering and business development efforts on winnable and profitable new business and finally, we tighten up the cost structure. For Telair, this was a significant acquisition in early 2015 for TransDigm and focuses on the defense and commercial cargo markets. Today, the acquisition is on track, on its integration path and has delivered sales and EBITDA in excess of our model. In general, the defense market has performed well for us in this business, but the freight market may be beginning to soften. We remain confident that this is a fine business for TransDigm. Additionally, we closed on Pexco in May of 2015, a custom plastics extrusion company located in Yakima, Washington, which specializes in proprietary commercial aerospace interior products used in the galleys, lavatories, floors, ceilings, and stowage bins of aircraft. Today Pexco Aerospace is performing at our expectations across all key financial and growth metrics, with a strong focus on our value generation strategy. The team successfully closed and completed the consolidation of the manufacturing facility in Huntington Beach with minimal customer disruption. While implementing a largely new management team at Pexco, we have realized better than expected productivity results with all of our manufacturing activities now under one roof. With performance on our value drivers ahead of plan, we currently are finding sales and EBITDA are additionally running ahead of plan. We are pleased with the overall performance of the team and have confidence that the acquisition will continue to run at expectations. In August of 2015, we finalized the acquisition PneuDraulics into the TransDigm family. PneuDraulics is located in Rancho Cucamonga, California, about 60 miles east of Los Angeles. PneuDraulics' highly engineered and proprietary products primarily are valves, actuators and subsystem components used in hydraulic and pneumatic applications. PneuDraulics serves all of the major markets in aerospace, including commercial, regional, business jet and defense markets. We were confident when we acquired PneuDraulics that it was a solid business with an excellent management team. This has proven to be the case, as the management team has proven to be fast adopters of the TransDigm value drivers culture. The integration of PneuDraulics is going according to the plan. The company's performance has met or beat expectations for the three value drivers of new business, productivity and value-based pricing. Although we have experienced some softness in the business jet market, the commercial aerospace market is currently holding up well and our EBITDA, driven by our value driver concept, has exceeded our expectations. In general, we are pleased with the results and expect this business to be a solid acquisition and a good company for TransDigm in the future. Lastly, Breeze-Eastern was acquired by TransDigm on January 4, 2016. Breeze, which is located in Whippany, New Jersey, designs and manufactures mission critical electromechanical systems. The main products consist of rescue hoists, cargo hooks and winches, primarily for rescue helicopters and cargo aircraft. Approximately 75% of Breeze revenue comes from the defense sector and approximately 70% of it comes from the aftermarket. In the first 90 days since the acquisition, we have established a new leadership team, comprised of both existing Breeze-Eastern employees as well as experienced TransDigm personnel. We have also taken productivity actions to better align the size of the organization with the level of business activity, which will increase overall value, including the announcement of the consolidation of the Virginia facility into the main campus by late calendar year 2016. We are also realigning the business into our usual customer-focused business unit teams to enhance operational performance and responsiveness. These changes will be completed during the second half of our fiscal year as we align the financial reports with these two business units and we physically colocate the team personnel within the facility. These changes will support and accelerate new product development activities as the teams are beginning to focus on rapidly bringing advanced hoist and winch technologies to market. To date, the Breeze-Eastern acquisition has delivered value as expected for TransDigm shareholders, with revenue and EBITDA as expected. To update on the recent progress of our new business value driver, let me bring your attention to three recent wins we have received in the aerospace market. AvtechTyee recently was awarded significant bookings across multiple configurations of a recently upgraded sealed audio control panel used on the Boeing 737 Next Generation. The bulk of these orders were primarily to satisfy initial provisioning of spares by airlines with upcoming deliveries from Boeing. The bookings also included upgraded sealed audio control panels with satellite communication functionality. This functionality enables the flight crew to directly dial and connect to any phone number around the world through existing satellite communication networks in areas where HF and VHF radio function can be unreliable. Next at PneuDraulics, we were awarded components in four major hydraulic system areas by Textron Aviation for the Cessna Longitude program. PneuDraulics was awarded hydraulic components for spoiler actuation, brake systems, landing gear and central hydraulic systems. Additionally, this represents the largest total shipset award for PneuDraulics to date. 24 discrete components were awarded per aircraft, with a forecasted build rate of 36 aircraft per year at peak and a production launch in the next couple of years. Lastly, Aero Fluid Products has won an exciting new program for the A320neo. The Painesville, Ohio-based team was awarded the oil control manifold for this new program. The OCM is an aluminum block mounted on the main engine gearbox that contains multiple valves, openings and sensors that control the temperatures and pressures of the engine oil. This is a growth award as the team did not enjoy this business on the A320 legacy platform. Finally, I wanted to bring your attention to one of our key business planning processes. Last time, I updated all of you on our succession planning process. Given the time in the fiscal year, I now wanted to update on our fiscal year 2017 planning process, which we have just kicked off. This process gives us an excellent glimpse of the aerospace market for commercial and defense applications. This process is a bottoms-up forecast done by each of our individual product lines, rolling up to business units then the entire company, with a focused emphasis on our TransDigm value drivers of productivity, value-based pricing and new business. This process, which is the foundation of our fiscal year guidance that we provide to the market each year, begins with a lot of hard work by each individual business unit and culminates with focused reviews of each of our 31-plus operating companies and about 80 business unit teams throughout the back end of our fourth quarter. We believe this granular bottoms-up data-based review is the best way we know of to compile market intelligence and provide guidance to our shareholders. It has served us well and allowed us to generally be quite accurate in our annual guidance and internal planning. With that, now let me hand it over to our CFO, Terry Paradie, who will review our financial results in more detail. Terry?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. I will now review our (25:28). Second quarter net sales were $797 million or approximately 29% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions, Telair, Pexco, PneuDraulics, Breeze and Franke, was an increase of $150 million. Organic sales were up approximately 4.5%, driven by strong growth in the commercial aftermarket, partially offset by weaker commercial OEM and defense sales. Our first quarter gross profit was $426 million, an increase of 25% over the prior year. Our reported gross profit margin of 53.4% was almost 2 margin points lower than the prior year. This quarter's decline in margin was due to the dilutive impact from acquisition mix and higher acquisition-related costs, which accounted for a decrease of over 3 margin points. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins in the remaining business versus the prior year quarter improved about 1.5 margin points due to the strength of our proprietary products, continually improving our cost structure, as well as favorable mix from strong commercial aftermarket sales. Additionally, gross profit margins improved over 0.5 point sequentially, excluding all acquisition activity. Our selling and administrative expenses were 11.9% of sales for the current quarter compared to 12% in the prior year. Excluding the acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation, SG&A was about 9.7% of sales compared to 10.2% of sales a year ago. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $11 million versus the prior year quarter. This was the result of an increase to our outstanding borrowings of $900 million in the current quarter versus the prior year. The increase in outstanding borrowings was to fund acquisitions we did in fiscal 2015. Our effective tax rate was 31% in the current quarter compared to 29.2% in the prior year. The higher effective rate in the quarter was primarily due to a favorable discrete adjustment in the prior year, related to finalizing IRS audits related to fiscal 2012 and 2013. Our expected full year estimated tax rate is still expected to be 31%. We now expect our cash taxes to be around $210 million for fiscal 2016. Our net income for the quarter increased $28 million, or 25%, to $139 million, which is 17.4% of sales. This compares to net income of $111 million or 17.9% net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales, partially offset by higher interest expense and acquisition-related costs versus the prior period. GAAP EPS was $2.47 per share in the current quarter compared to $1.96 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS was $2.86 per share, an increase of 35.5% compared to $2.11 per share last year. Please refer to table three in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Now, switching gears to cash and liquidity, we ended the quarter with $612 million of cash. I want to remind you that during the quarter, we paid $146 million for the Breeze acquisition, net of $31 million of cash acquired. We also spent $137 million to purchase approximately 692,000 shares in the quarter. As Nick mentioned, in total this year, we have purchased just over 1 million shares at a total cost of $208 million. We now expect our full year weighted-average shares to be 56.2 million. The company's net leverage ratio at the quarter end was 5.6 times our pro forma EBITDA As Defined, and the gross leverage was 6 times pro forma EBITDA As Defined. We estimate our net leverage at September 30, 2016 will be 4.9 times, assuming no acquisitions or capital market transactions. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $10.01. And as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $11.16. The $1.15 of adjustments to bridge GAAP to adjusted EPS includes the following assumptions: $0.05 from dividend equivalent payments, $0.57 from non-cash stock option expense and $0.53 of acquisition-related expenses. Now, I'll hand it back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Terry. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Carter Copeland of Barclays. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey, Carter.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just a quick clarification, Nick, on the OEM revision, should we just assume that it's just a inventory destock associated with the rate cuts on 777, 747 the publicly announced ones and maybe some of the business jets, is that really what you're really seeing there, it's the sort of transitory effect of inventory?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. There's a little bit inventory movement, and I would say we're a little  and the other is the freighter rate cut but everyone knows about that, but the  and we're probably  we're less bullish  maybe more bearish is the better way to put it on the business biz jet market.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So when you say you're less  or bearish, does that mean you're looking to the end of the year and keeping some cushion for potential summer lower production activity?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, you're talking about the biz jet now, Carter?
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, on biz jet. Yeah.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think what you're probably seeing  what you're seeing is the numbers have been less exciting than we hoped. We had sort of anticipated the year that was flat to slightly up in business jet. As we see our numbers part-way through the year in our bookings, that's starting to look a little less likely to us. Could there be a little upside to that? Possibly there could.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks. I'll let somebody else ask.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Herbert from Canaccord. Your line is open.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, Nick. (32:43) the commercial aftermarket.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey, Ken, I can barely hear you. You're breaking up.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, sorry about that. Is that any better?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Sorry. So, I just wanted to follow up on the commercial aftermarket, great numbers in the quarter. Was there anything  I know obviously you were flat last quarter, do you get a sense that there was anything that may be pushed from the first quarter to the second quarter or anything unusual or one-time in nature in the up 13%, or really just sort of a culmination of what we started to hear about in terms of increased spending by the airlines on some of the older aircraft?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think you're starting to see  you have a situation where it ran low too long. I don't think you can count on 13% growth quarter-over-quarter in perpetuity by any means. I'd probably look at it more like the first half of the year, it's up 7% to 8%, maybe it was a little too light in the first quarter and a little heated in the second quarter. But I think the best way to look at it sort of on a year-to-date basis.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Now, that's reasonable. And obviously, you've maintained the full year guidance...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Right.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: ...even though your comparisons now start to anniversary with certainly the weaker back half of fiscal 2015. Is that really, like you talked about, just reflecting, obviously this recovery could be lumpy and visibility is probably a little more challenged now, or is there anything else that is maybe holding you back a little bit on this  on the outlook?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. I think we had a judgment in the beginning of the year and we're about the same place still.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Well, thank you very much and nice quarter.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cowen. Your line is open.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. This is Bill Ledley on for Gautam as he's traveling to Boeing. I have a question for you on if any of your proprietary products have been sole source -the sole source products, have they been awarded to any competitors or second source from the OEMs?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I presume you mean recently, not in the history of our whole life?
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah. Recently.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not that we know of. Not that we know of. And I don't mean to be evasive there, but I think we'd know of them but we don't know of any.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then on the M&A pipeline, you mentioned some better strength at least relative to what you saw at the end of Q1, can you talk about if there's any strength in any one particular area?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't  we clearly see more activity. I don't know that I can say it's one more than another and as you know, we don't  as we've said, it's very difficult to predict closings. It was last quarter, I said it didn't look very good, and this quarter things are getting active again. For some reason, we see more. I'd like to  I wish I knew a good reason for it, but I'm not sure I do.
Bill Ledley - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Strauss of UBS. Your line is open.
Matthew C. Akers - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. It's actually Matt on for David.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. We're feeling bad about everybody heading out to the Boeing.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: (36:01)
Matthew C. Akers - UBS Securities LLC: Quick one on your guidance, it looks like you're expecting margins about the same in the back half as the first half, is there any reason why that shouldn't sort of grow a little bit just on higher volumes?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think on the back half (36:19)
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I thought we moved the margins up (36:20).
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It will be up probably in the second half than they were year-to-date.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'm sort of disconnecting on that. I thought the second half was up a little, not a lot, but a little.
Matthew C. Akers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: (36:28) high second quarter aftermarket mix.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Let me just look into the numbers.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Right there.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. It's not up a lot, but it's up maybe 0.5 point in the second half.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: If you back into it.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And as I said, we could have a little room there.
Matthew C. Akers - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Okay. And then I guess one other one going back to your acquisition pipeline, it sounds like things are accelerating a little bit there. I guess, as you get bigger, is it getting more difficult to find deals that are big enough to move the needle there or is that not an issue?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, we think there's still plenty of stuff. I mean, obviously, just mathematically, the bigger you get, the average size acquisition doesn't move the needle as much, you got to buy more of them to move the needle as much. But I think at least so far, we still see adequate number of businesses, the question is getting them to sell or not, not are there enough. And then  and we feel better about the, as I've said, the rate of activity right now.
Matthew C. Akers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Myles Walton of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. It's actually Myles on for Myles.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Is this Myles?
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: It is, Myles on for Myles.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It is Myles? Myles for Myles.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Myles on for Myles.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm already in Seattle.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I came in early just to be in your call, Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: This actually is Harry speaking for Nick.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, the first one is on the EBITDA margin increase. So I think, Kevin, you said it was from the acquisitions, or maybe it was Nick who said it was from the acquisitions and the core was still running at 49%. That's a pretty high increase for the acquired margins in terms of versus what you were otherwise planning. I think if you back into it, it's maybe a 500 basis point plus increase to your underlying acquired margins in the kind of planning period. So was that cost, is it price, is it volume, can you just elaborate a little bit?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. The answer is in total, I don't know the answer. I know it business by business but I don't know the answer in total. But they are  I'm going to give you a guesstimate here to some degree.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sure.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think  the volumes are not  in net-net, the volumes are not way up, which means it's primarily the other pieces of margin, which is cost and price.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Price and cost.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I know in total, their revenues aren't way up.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, okay. And the only clarification on the 13%, so when you give the organic, which would exclude the acquisitions for both periods, would the aftermarket growth be materially different than that 13% we saw reported on a pro forma basis?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's not materially different. It's not materially different.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And the last one, Nick, so you talked about the normalization in the debt markets
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is there any inclination to tap when the well is running healthy and maybe take advantage of open markets and healthy markets, if they're giving you the same rates you currently have, and just be more proactive than not?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: As you know, we're always looking at that. We're always looking at that in conjunction with the acquisition pipeline. And that's one we'll sort of decide as things clarify for us.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. But you don't feel like the trends are kind of a cloud break before more clouds return, you think it's kind of just become more of what it was and it was anomalous earlier in the year.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Myles, I think it's, as I've said before, I kind of feel like it's a loser's game to speculate on the capital markets.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: To some degree we have our sort of view of what we like and what we don't like, and...
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...we kind of make a decision when the time comes. As I've said for the last five years, we've consistently lost money on interest rate hedges. That hasn't changed our view, we'll just keep pouring the money down a rat hole.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. You make more than enough money in other places, Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Right.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Thanks. Good quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, guys.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey, Rob.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Can you hear me all right?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Here in Seattle as well, they do have phones here. So given that, I just want to go back to where Myles was going. The 13% aftermarket in fiscal second quarter versus this flat performance in fiscal first quarter. I want to make sure I understood, were you alluding to that being more pricing-driven rather than volume, or is it equal?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. All I meant to say is that I'd probably look at it as a year-to-date number, rather than get too hung up on what the first quarter and second quarter were. If I implied it was mostly price  if I implied it was 13% was price was the big driver, I didn't mean to say that. If I did, that was a mistake.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): No. No. Okay. I just wanted to make sure  I want to get a sense from a destocking or activity perspective, what's really creating this volatility and then how we can get comfortable  if we can get comfortable  with what the second half looks like. And which begs a follow-on question, which is what is the embedded organic growth in the full year guidance? So we've had minus  let's say, we've had 1.7% for six months organic growth, what is in the guidance?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we gave you the guidance, it's mid to high single-digits.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I'm talking about...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's the guidance for the year, which happens to be about where we are halfway through the year.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hold on, I'm talking about your organic growth, 4.4% in the quarter, minus 1.1% in the first quarter. So, 1.7% positive for the first half of the year, okay, organic growth.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Oh, total company, I thought you were talking about commercial.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): No, no, no. I'm sorry. I switched gears there.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I lost you, I thought you were talking about the commercial aftermarket.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So I know that you've divided it by segment in the slides, so I'm talking about the overall company (43:23)
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Got you, got you, got you. I want to  I'm not looking at the number here, but I want to say it's about 4%. It's about 4% is the organic growth year-over-year in our guidance.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So the second half should be marginally better than the first half.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. Yes.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Okay. And then from an employment perspective, you obviously raised your margins, you've streamlined  Kevin talked about this but, again, I know you're looking at the volumes from a six-month perspective. If you're going to have a little bit better growth here in the backend of the year, how do you  do you have the capacity as is, do you have to add some people?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We have capacity. Whether we'd have to add a few here and there, I don't know the exact number Rob, but there's no problem with capacity.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Well, that's it for me. Thanks, Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It'd be within a reasonable range, within the reasonable range of variation. You could see in six months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning and good quarter. In the aftermarket, there's been a disconnect recently in the level of organic growth for the power and control pieces versus the airframe. Wonder if you could talk about what that was in the quarter and maybe a little bit about why do you think that disconnect emerged?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think there's any particular reason for that. It's primarily just a mix of the businesses. I would say that one probably has a little more defense business in it than the other and that may have it down a little lower. There's no systematic difference between them.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And you'll see the numbers in the 10-Q when we file that tomorrow.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. And then...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Any difference in the results are primarily just the difference between what the aftermarket content is from one versus the other, what the defense versus commercial content is and one versus the other, it'll make them move around.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. And then I guess of the, let's say, 7% to 8% year-to-date pro forma aftermarket growth that we've seen, of the 30 or so business units that you referenced, about how many of those would you say were above average, how many were below average?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know the exact number, but it was a good quarter, and it was not  everyone's not up, but generally  as a general rule, it was a good quarter for most businesses.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: How are you doing?
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Nick, can you talk  I mean there's certainly been a lot of structural change in the aftermarket, I mean you've got the battle tested business model with -pricing may be coming under pressure, more OEMs getting involved, pooling, used parts, do you guys have to do anything differently or can the model continue to sustain without any change?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We think the model is fine. We'll keep watching, I don't quite know that we're as bought in to these structural changes, but  how much of it's just the normal cycle, but we keep watching them. We don't see any reason that our fundamental model doesn't continue to work, at least in the foreseeable future. I can't tell what 20 years from now does, but in the foreseeable future, I don't see anything that structurally changes the fundamentals here.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Is there  can you walk me  I mean we keep hearing some suppliers talk about going after product lines that are maybe at a premium. And maybe just educate me on this, there is sole source proprietary product, can it actually be recompeted, can it be certified? It seems like there's some mix messaging out there. I mean do you guys still feel like those product lines that are our sole source proprietary that you own the IP, are those still bulletproof or can they be recertified, redesigned or dual sourced?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, anything  I mean, ultimately, as I like to say, if TransDigm went bankrupt and died and all the plants caught on fire, ultimately, the airline industry would find a way to survive. So, it's not that there's no other way to get around it. It is a  there's a significant entry barrier, there's significant cost, there's significant qualification. There's also the issue that we own the IP, so you've got to find a way around that. It's a substantive barrier that we frankly have not seen any material change in. Now, is it impossible? If you don't care about the costs, you can always find a way around most anything.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I don't see any fundamental change in the switching cost characteristics here.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Just the last one for me, defense. Looks like it got a little worse sequentially, still guiding for the up low single-digit for the year. How good do you feel about that, how good is your visibility? I know you talked about the bookings running ahead of (48:38)
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's not good through the whole year, but it's good  it's getting good through more of the year, obviously, each month. And we have  the bookings have been strong.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, we feel reasonably good about our guidance. So, I would say we feel quite good about our guidance in total. I don't  we could be off a point here and there on a segment and we think we've given you our best judgment.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Fair. I'll jump back in the queue. Nice quarter, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hunter Keay of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, thank you. Sorry for the cell phone, can you hear me, okay?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Great, thanks. So a little more on commercial aftermarket. So when everything was melting down earlier in the year and with the benefit of hindsight, Nick, can you  are your customers maybe a little more fragile than you thought they were? And if so, which areas of the business might be a little bit more soft or discretionary that maybe you didn't anticipate? And conversely, which areas might be a little bit less discretionary and maybe hung in a little bit better relevant to some of the other parts, as things were really, really hairy there earlier in the year?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, first let me pack up the word fragile. The vast majority of our aftermarket is sole source proprietary stuff. So it's not that it's going somewhere else, it's that the customer either has decided to defer something or draw down their inventory, so I mean ultimately over time. And that's a very customer by customer situation. So, it's hard to make any generic comment on that. As far as our outlook for the year, I guess the way I would answer that is we started off the year saying that our outlook was for mid to high single-digits growth and we're still the same place. So I would say if I look at this half way through the year, we're about where we thought we'd be.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Okay. Maybe let me ask the question in a different way as a follow up. Again, when things were really, really dicey there a few months ago, I know you guys were worried you thought you were going to be all-in, but does it change the way you maybe think about certain segments of the aftermarket in terms of how you'd pursue M&A? Or do you look at just those prior couple months there sort of a one-off anomaly, and not so much sort of like a thesis-altering type of approach in how you think about pursuing acquisitions going forward?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Certainly doesn't change the way we pursue acquisitions. We're looking for proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. And I would say we don't find a quarter or a couple of quarters'  that would be nothing that would change our fundamental strategy nor has it.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd turn the call back over to Liza Sabol for any closing remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you all for participating on our call this morning and please look for our 10-Q, which we expect to file sometime tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - Head, IR Nick Howley - Chairman, President & CEO Kevin Stein - COO, Power Group Terry Paradie - CFO
Analysts: Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Carter Copeland - Barclays Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research David Strauss - UBS Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2016 TransDigm Group, Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dave; I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, the call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed ma'am.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank you all for calling in today and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2016 first quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Operating Officer of our Power Group, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. The details are contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical, in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The Company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for presentations of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share, to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning. Thanks to everyone for calling in. Today, as usual, I'll start with some comments on our consistent strategy, then an overview of our Q1 fiscal year '16, an update on our guidance, and then, Terry will run through the financials for Q1. To restate, we believe our model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, and around three-quarters of our net sales come from products from which we believe, we are the sole source provider. Over half of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced the higher gross margin and provided relative stability through the cycles. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, and relatively low capital expenditures, TransDigm has year in and year out generated strong free cash flow. This gives us a lot of operating and capital structure flexibility. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have a simple, well proven, value-based operating strategy based on our three value driver concept; that is steady cost reduction, profitable new business, and value-based pricing. We maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system, with executive and senior management, who think, act, and are paid like owners. We acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, where we can see a clear path to PE like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for capital allocation. To remind you, we basically have four, and our priorities are typically as follows. First, is to invest in our existing businesses; second, is to make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy; these are almost always our first two choices. Our third is to give the extra back to the shareholders through either special dividends or stock buybacks; and fourth, is to pay off debt. And as I've said before, given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this is still likely our last choice in the current capital market conditions. As we've done consistently in the past, based on the specific business and capital market conditions, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in the manner we think as the best chance to maximize our returns. To update you on a few items. The credit markets has been erratic over the last few months. However our bonds have not traded down significantly and we believe we still have adequate access to the debt market at reasonable cost. Terry will give a little more detail on the rates. As we mentioned in previous calls, the rates we pay on our current debt are significantly hedged or collard for about the next four years. Through January, we have bought back about a $100 million of TransDigm stock at roughly $218 a share. About $70 million of this occurred in Q1 and the balance during January. We currently have an additional $450 million of repurchase authorized. This authorization does not imply anything about our current plans for capital allocation. We closed the Breeze acquisition in early January that is the start of our second quarter for about $178 million net of $27 million of acquired cash. The 9/30/2015 LPM EBITDA was publicly disclosed by the seller at about $23 million and revenue of about $98 million. The seller's 2016 forecast was also a public number at about $19 million of EBITDA and $98 million of revenue. There were certain one-time items in 2015 that positively impacted EBITDA. Breeze is a good, proprietary, mostly sole-sourced business with about 70% aftermarket. It's a good business to TransDigm. Total margins may not get all the way to our overall average; we see significant opportunities for margin expansion. As usual, we see solid PE type returns on our equity in this field. At January 2, 2016, based on the current capital market conditions, we believe, we have adequate capacity to make about $1.50 billion of acquisitions without issuing any additional equity. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated levels for fiscal year '16. The commercial transport aftermarket continues weaker than the traffic growth would suggest. So not clear, this still seems at least for our company's products to be driven primarily by some mix of inventory management, by airlines, and deferrals of spending. If you look over the last five to six years, this does not appear dissimilar to prior market variations. We also looked carefully at the impact of the surplus market on our sales. We are advised that parts above the $5,000 to $10,000 unit price are the most likely candidates. We looked at our last three years of sales. Commercial aftermarket part sales with a unit price over $5,000 only make up about 4% to 5% of our total revenues, and about 10% of our commercial aftermarket. In total, this group of parts with a unit price over $5,000 has grown nicely over the last few years. A few parts are down, but it is a very small dollar value and other parts are up significantly. Our balance at this time, we can see little, if any, quantifiable impact from surplus parts over the last few years on our parts. We see a number of factors that could contribute to stronger aftermarket growth in 2016. Plus, such as the continuing strong passenger traffic, a slowdown in retirements, potential end of deferral inventory cycle. But obviously these have not yet resulted in much of a bump. Turning now to our Q1 of our fiscal year '16 performance. I'll remind you; this is the first quarter for fiscal year 2016. Our fiscal year started October 1, 2015. Also as a reminder, Q1 has about 10% less shipping days than the other three quarters. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons could be significantly impacted by differences in the OEM aftermarket mix, order timing, inventory fluctuations, modest seasonality, and the like. Total GAAP revenues and EBITDA were strong. Both were up in the range of 20% versus the prior Q1. The organic revenue was slightly down on a quarter versus prior year quarter. Q1 revenues in total were on our expectations. That is, excluding Breeze, there are about 10% less than the average anticipated fiscal year '16 quarterly shipments that is roughly in line with the reduced shipping days. The EBITDA As Defined was also on our expectation. Reviewing the revenues by market category, again, this is on a pro forma basis versus the prior year Q1; that is, assuming we owned the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up about 1% versus the prior Q1. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up about 85% of our commercial OEM revenues, were up 5% versus the prior Q1. The commercial transport growth primarily reflects the market conditions and is in line with our expectations. On the other hand bizjet and helicopter OEM revenues which make up around 15% of our commercial OEM revenues, most of which is business jet. In total revenues in these markets were down versus the prior Q1 about 11%. This significant drop pulled the total commercial average down. It appears this is mostly timing as one, the business jet bookings ran well ahead of shipments; and two, our largest bizjet customs Gulfstream and Textron, seemed to still be expecting decent years in 2016. For the quarter, total commercial OEM bookings were modestly above shipments. The total commercial aftermarket revenues were about flat for this quarter versus the prior year Q1. Commercial transport aftermarket revenues which also make up about 85% of our commercial aftermarket revenues were up around 2%. This was offset by bizjet, helicopter, and the GA market -- aftermarket revenues, which were down almost 15%. For the quarter, commercial aftermarket bookings in total were modestly above shipments, with the commercial transport segment bookings up, and the bizjet and helicopter markets down. In the defense markets, which make up about 30% of our revenue, defense revenues for fiscal year '16 Q1 were down 1% versus the prior year Q1. One large international shipment was delayed by a customer about a week at year-end. Without that delay revenues would have been up 2% versus the prior Q1. The revenues and other products were spotty with no clear pattern. Q1 defense bookings also ran modestly ahead of shipments. Now, moving on to profitability. Again, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q1 were non-cash compensation expenses and acquisition-related costs and amortizations. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $319 million for Q1 was up 18% versus the prior Q1. The EBITDA As Defined margin was about 46% of revenues for Q1, about the same as last year's Q1 in spite of approximately 1.50% of margin dilution from the 2015 acquisitions. As we mentioned in the last quarter, we reduced our employment level about 4% to 5% over the 120 days prior to this quarter end. This, combined with our other value drivers, contributed to the strong margins. With respect to acquisitions, we continue looking at opportunities. The pipeline of near-term possibilities looks a little light, this can change quickly. Closings are difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Moving on now to 2016, we continue to have some concerns about duration of the commercial transport OEM cycle. As I said before, we're being cautious with our spending and are ready to react quickly if necessary. In the commercial aftermarket, air travel is holding up well. And as I mentioned, there are other factors that should positively impact to demand. However, in general, publicly reported commercial transport aftermarket revenue trends have been mixed and we still see reports of potential economic softening. On balance, these factors tend to keep us cautious. But all in all this is our best current estimate for the year. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions beyond Breeze, in fiscal year 2016, our revised guidance is as follows: the midpoint of the fiscal year 2016 revenue guidance is $3.2 billion, an increase of $70 million from our prior guidance. This is up 17% on a GAAP basis year-over-year; organic growth is still anticipated to be in the range of 5% year-over-year. The revenue increase in our guidance is due primarily to the Breeze acquisition. The midpoint of fiscal year 2016 EBITDA As Defined guidance is $1.44 billion an increase of $20 million. This is up 16% year-over-year. The increase in the EBITDA guidance is mostly driven the Breeze acquisition with some modest upward adjustment in our base margin. The base business, excluding the 2015 acquisitions, and Breeze, is still anticipated to achieve an EBITDA margin of about 49% or up roughly two points versus 2015 for the same mix of businesses. The midpoint of the EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be $10.77 a share or up about $0.32 a share from our last guidance. This is a 20% increase from the prior year. The increase in guidance is due about half to the Breeze acquisition and the balance through a combination of improved margin, lower tax rate, and slightly lower share count. Terry will review these details a little more. On a pro forma or same-store basis, this guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions; commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the mid-to-high-single-digit percent based on worldwide RPM growth of around 5%. We are still cautious due to the factors I discussed earlier and frankly due to a somewhat softer Q1. Defense and military revenue growth is still forecasted in the low-single-digits. Given world events, there could well be variations here. Commercial OEM revenue growth; we're guiding in the mid-single-digit percentage range primarily due to the 2016 and 2017 commercial transport production rates. We're still assuming commercial transport unit airframe shipments are up in the low-single-digit percent for 2016. We are cautious about 2017 production rates and how this could reflect in our 2016 shipments. At this time, we are assuming that the sharp drop in Q1 business jet shipments is mostly timing. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have around $1.2 billion in cash and over $500 million in undrawn revolver at year-end 2016. We also had additional capacity under our credit agreement. Again assuming no additional acquisitions or other capital market activities, our net leverage is anticipated to be about 4.9 times to EBITDA at the end of 2016 or down roughly one turn. In summary, Q1 was decent start to the year, we met our expectations. As I look to the balance of the year, the market conditions are somewhat unclear and that makes us cautious. However we may have some margin upside to help offset some market variations. In any event, I'm confident with our consistent value focused strategy and strong mix of business, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. With that, let me hand this over to Terry.
Terry Paradie: Thank you, Nick. I will now review our Q1 financial results. First quarter net sales were $702 million, up $115 million or approximately 20% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions; Telair, Pexco, PneuDraulics, and Franke, was an increase of $121 million offset by a slight decline in organic sales. Our first quarter gross profit was $375 million, an increase of 17%. Our reported gross profit margin of 53.4% was 1.3 margin points lower than the prior year. This quarter's decline in margin was due to the dilutive impact from acquisition mix and higher acquisition-related cost which accounted for a decrease of over two margin points. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins in the remaining business versus the prior year quarter improved over 1 margin point due to the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure, despite slight decline in organic sales. Our selling and administrative expenses were 11.7% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.5% in the prior year. Excluding acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation, SG&A was about 9.9% of sales compared to 10.6% of sales a year ago. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $13 million versus the prior year quarter. This was the result of an increase to the outstanding borrowings of $900 million in the current quarter versus the prior year. The increase in outstanding borrowings was partially to fund the acquisitions in the fiscal 2015. Our effective tax rate was 30% in the current quarter compared to 32.6% in the prior year. The low effective rate in the quarter was primarily due to foreign earnings, taxed at lower rates than the U.S. statutory rates, and the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. Our expected full-year estimated tax rate has decreased slightly to below 31% due to the R&D tax credit. We believe, we have an opportunity to increase the benefit of the R&D credit in the future and we have just began a study to explore this opportunity. We will update the progress with you next quarter. We still expect our cash taxes to be above $200 million for fiscal year 2016. Our net income for the quarter increased $19 million or 20% to $115 million, which is 16.4% of sales. This compares to net income of $96 million or 16% of net sales in the prior year. The increases in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales, lower tax rate, partially offset by higher interest expense, non-cash compensation, and acquisition-related costs versus the prior period. GAAP EPS was $1.97 per share in the current quarter compared to $1.63 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS was $2.27 per share, an increase of 26% compared to the $1.80 per share last year. Please refer to Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Now switching gears to cash and liquidity, we ended the quarter with $805 million of cash on the balance sheet after spending $71 million to purchase 324,000 shares in the quarter. As Nick mentioned, we continue to repurchase shares in January, we spend another $28 million to purchase 128,000 shares. So in total we purchased 452,000 shares at a total cost of $99 million. We now expect the full-year weighted average shares to be 56.5 million shares. The company's net debt leverage ratio at quarter end was 5.7 times of pro forma EBITDA As Defined, and gross leverage was 6.3 times pro forma EBITDA. We estimate our net leverage at September 30, 2016, will be 4.9 times assuming no acquisitions or capital market transaction. As for access to the capital markets, we believe the high yield market will be very receptive to our high quality paper, despite the current high yield market conditions. We believe the coupon rate on a new offering could be 50 basis points higher from where our bonds are trading today depending on the tender of the issuance. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $9.60. And as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $10.77. The $1.17 of adjustments to bridge the GAAP to adjusted EPS includes the following assumptions: $0.05 from dividend equivalent payments, $0.56 from non-cash stock option expense, and $0.56 of acquisition-related expenses, up $0.13 primarily related to Breeze. Now, I will hand it back to Liza to kick-off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Operator, we are now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions]. And please standby for your first question, which comes from the line of Noah Poponak at Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please.
Noah Poponak: Terry, do you happen to have that same EPS bridge from the old guidance to the new guidance?
Terry Paradie: Yes, I believe it's in the conference materials versus the presentation materials on --
Noah Poponak: Okay. Excuse me for that then.
Terry Paradie: -- on Page 7 is like sort of a comparison that should help you to do the reconciliation.
Noah Poponak: Okay. In terms of the acquired revenue in the quarter the $121 million that you disclosed, does that have the same --?
Terry Paradie: I'm sorry, Noah. I'm sorry. The page was Page 9 is the reconciliation. Page 9, you see there.
Noah Poponak: Yes. Got it. Perfect.
Terry Paradie: Okay.
Noah Poponak: The acquired revenue in the quarter, does it have the same seasonality as the legacy business kind of as soon as it's brought in? And was it -- what do you expected it to be in the quarter?
Nick Howley: Are you talking about the Breeze business, Noah?
Noah Poponak: No. I'm talking about the combination of the four prior to Breeze that you disclosed as being $121 million in the quarter?
Nick Howley: Oh, you mean do they have the same sort of seasonality pattern of less shipping days?
Noah Poponak: Yes.
Nick Howley: Is that your question?
Noah Poponak: Yes.
Nick Howley: Noah, the answer is I believe yes, though I frankly haven't looked at the exact number. But I mean they have the same issue. There is less shipping days. They essentially don't ship anything around Christmas week all that sort of thing.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I just asked, it just looked a little late of what we had and consensus revenue -- or revenue in the quarter was light of consensus and I just wonder if myself when potentially others were just modeling the seasonality of that incorrectly?
Nick Howley: The way we look at this, is I think I try to say if we strip out an acquisition which is only Breeze in this case, the first quarter runs about 10% less shipping days than the average quarter through the year and we see that most years.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then, were you mentioned having better margins in the legacy business, which I guess changed in the outlook. Can you talk about where that's coming from?
Nick Howley: Well I think it is -- you mean what business or what segment? I mean it's --
Noah Poponak: I guess, I mean how much of it --
Nick Howley: -- the primary driver I would say is the normal, our pricing works as usual, but I don't think it was anything extraordinary. But we're squeezing cost out. I think we simply took about 4% to 5% out of the headcount which is the biggest, one of the biggest controllable cost and the volume was not down 4% to 5%.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Just to dig into the headcount again. The comment you made on the SG&A leverage on an adjusted basis the 9.9% versus 10.6%, was that presumably all related to the headcount or how should we think about the headcount reduction in terms of cost of sales versus SG&A?
Terry Paradie: Now, the cost of network frankly the 4% to 5% is really primarily driven from the sites as probably cost of sales. There will be some overhead cost in SG&A, but the bulk of that piece would be in the cost side and in the gross margin line item.
Carter Copeland: Okay. So it was actually a decent amount of better SG&A performance on an apples-to-apples basis as well?
Nick Howley: I guess what I -- oh, excuse me. Go ahead.
Terry Paradie: Yes. I would say yes, absolutely we had better SG&A performance on an apples-to-apples basis as well.
Carter Copeland: And on the shipping days comment with respect to -- I mean I can appreciate the fact that there is fewer shipping days in every single Q1. But when you look at the year-over-year comparison was there a difference in shipping days this Q1 versus the prior year's Q1 because of the timing of holidays and did that have an impact?
Terry Paradie: The real answer to that Carter is I don't know the answer. That makes sensible answer, Nick.
Nick Howley: The pattern is roughly the same every year. I frankly didn't go back and see when the last -- it's when the last, kind of holiday around New Year's falls and I don't -- I just don't remember.
Carter Copeland: They just seem like flat or organic down 1%, was a little bit less than probably what you would have expected?
Nick Howley: Yes, they are. As I said Carter, our revenues for the quarter were just about what we expected them to be.
Operator: Thanks. The next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna at Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the decisions you re-up the buyback authorization in the context of your other comments around the M&A pipeline being a little softer. Should we expect to see buybacks take a higher priority over M&A in the short-term?
Terry Paradie: I -- we'll own any capital and capital allocation. We'll do what makes sense at the time we address it. As I said, I would not take the increase of $450 million to mean anything regarding our intention. Other than I think $450 million is roughly what's still available in our credit agreement.
Nick Howley: Is that correct? Isn't that close rough ballpark to our?
Terry Paradie: Yes. So -- and we wanted to have maximum flexibility. So we moved the authorization up to roughly about where the -- that limit was. You saw we bought a $100 million bucks back. But I can't say that we're making a specific decision to change our capital allocation. Obviously, if the stock bounces all around and drops -- continually drops, we'll view it as a better opportunity.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And could you maybe elaborate on what you are seeing in the M&A pipeline? What do you think explains the pause and --?
Nick Howley: I don't -- the answer is what explains the pause I don't know. But I can say we just don't seem to see as much activity. Now, this moves around. If you remember in '14, we bought very modest amount of businesses. In '15 over 12-month period we bought -- put out close to $2 billion. It -- and it seems little light right now. But I could tell you just from my past experience, and our past experience in TransDigm is you've seen in the public market, we saw before in the private market. We could end up in 30 days or 90 days with a whole Russia stock. But if I had illicit today, it's little lighter than I would've hoped.
Gautam Khanna: And Nick, could you may be remind us including Breeze-Eastern kind of how -- what's the lag is in terms of your -- the value based pricing initiatives on acquired business? I know it differs by each one of them, but what is the lag there?
Nick Howley: Yes. It -- that's hard to say. It really does depend on the businesses. We model businesses when we buy them and we hope to model them conservatively. We model the improvements over a four to five-year period. And I think as I have said before, we assume we're going to buy them, hold them for four or five years and sell them. And we have to see a return on our equity up above 20%, usually well above. And we generally do better than that. And also frankly, we never sell them. So I would say the mix in pricing is very dependent on where company stands in its LPA cycles, what if any commitments they have in the aftermarket, it's hard to give a general number.
Gautam Khanna: I guess sort of because the aftermarket came in a little bit light relative to the full-year guide anyway. Is that -- is the value based pricing on the recently acquired deal the big part of why you think you'll still be able to achieve the up -- mid-to-high-single-digit in the aftermarket or you anticipating something else as an improvement in the underlying market?
Nick Howley: We're hoping for an improvement in the underlying market.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Nick Howley: I see nothing in the pricing dynamics that concerns me.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Myles Walton at Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Lou Taylor: Good morning. This is actually Lou Taylor on for Myles.
Nick Howley: That's your alias.
Lou Taylor: So last quarter you guys -- and just sort of back on the aftermarket now that you were optimistic on aftermarket, little bit of rest on the OE, is that sort of the same as you're feeling now? I know you're cautious overall. But I mean are you still sort of more cautious on the OE side after the first quarter?
Nick Howley: I'd say we're at the same place on the OE side. The bizjet frankly was -- the bizjet revenue was -- that was little softer than we expected. But we -- from what our bookings looks like and what our -- what customers tell us we're -- we think that's a timing issue. It's also relatively small part of the business. I think when the commercial transport, we've been cautious and we remain somewhat cautious and that's probably best reflected and the fact we started take the cost down.
Lou Taylor: All right and just based on what you said just to round out the revenue questions I guess you said they're roughly in line obviously you talked about the slippage of one contract in military and then obviously the bizjet being wide, I mean that obviously would make up for some of the lightness may be not the full amount versus what the industry was expecting but I think those two together they help to buy some of that?
Nick Howley: Yes they do, I also they also close the gap some. The military one was just the couple of days issue but that's not a big deal but it moves it -- moves military. I think probably the most significant difference is we typically look at the first quarter is having less shipping days and you're going to ship 10% less than the run rate or something like that I'm not sure that was reflected and the numbers are floating around.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn at Credit Suisse. Go ahead please.
Robert Spingarn: So, Nick, going back to I guess Gautam was getting at this. But can you may be comment that aftermarket is really not a whole lot different than it's been over the last five to six years. Having said that though your organic growth was quite a bit higher going back to couple of years ago than it is now. So either it's not tied to aftermarket or maybe it's tied to either the timing or the magnitude of the price increases on the acquired businesses?
Nick Howley: I'm not sure that's what I said. So let me try and mean what I meant to be saying, maybe I didn't make it clear. If we can go back and trace take something like RPM and track that over say five or six years and then take our aftermarket sales and whatever index you want to use for the other people in the business and track them, you'll see a lot of variation around that, you will see some way higher, way lower run rate along. If I look at a graph it doesn't look that unusual to me now that's what I'm saying. I noticed, rough, you had a chart that tracked it that you put out this morning for a couple of years, I mean we look at this over the last five years and track ourselves against rest of the industry and there is a fair amount -- it doesn't look that different than other cyclical variations have looked.
Robert Spingarn: Well, but our -- and look our numbers could be wrong but it's lower than it used to be and Im wondering if this is one different aftermarket behavior which would contradict a little bit that five to six year comment or is it simply that your acquisitions as a percentage of the total business are smaller today than they used to be. And therefore that pricing dynamic has a smaller effect on the organic?
Nick Howley: I don't think that's the answer Rob but I honestly can't give you a direct answer to that. I don't I would tell you just to be clear. I've seen no change in the pricing dynamics. Ive seen no change in the pricing dynamics of the business we buy. Now I guess your point is, if you buy $300 million business it's nowhere near the percent of our total as it was in the past but that's just true.
Robert Spingarn: Yes and I'm wondering if that's ultimately the factor and people should calibrate around that?
Nick Howley: I don't -- my own, I happen to be looking at a chart that anybody could make up. My own guess is we'll see a cycle back.
Robert Spingarn: Okay.
Nick Howley: I have to admit Rob; I'm a little surprised as we move faster.
Robert Spingarn: Okay, fair enough. I had another question just on the bizjet you mentioned the OE was a little bit soft and it might be timing related. Is there anything seasonal about that period of time historically with the bizjet OE?
Nick Howley: Not this seems disproportionate Rob, but it's down substantively versus the prior Q1.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And reason I asked is we're getting a lot of mixed commentary from the manufacturers in bizjet and what is going on, some stronger than others?
Nick Howley: Yes, and we take some comfort there and the bookings were pretty strong in the bizjet. And the two big customers, the two biggest we sell all the biggest are Gulfstream and Textron and they seem to still be expecting a decent year though we do seem to have a lot of sort of moving around the deliveries and that sort of thing.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Last question on FX or those who are domiciles and weak currencies, have you seen any change in behavior on the aftermarket side from airlines that might be struggling with currency more than others that aren't?
Nick Howley: That I dont know that I can pin to that specifically Rob, but I mean that could make sense to me. There's awful lot of we sell everything in dollars, the majority of our aftermarket customers are believing in some other currency and things were very expensive to them. Now I cant give you any specifics on that but that's sort of make sense to me. Now that cant go on very long right, the consumption the same at some point you're going to buy.
Robert Spingarn: Right, right or fly less.
Nick Howley: Yes, or fly less, that's right, that's right. But anecdotally that could make sense but I have to tell you I can't -- I can't put any numbers around that. Now one of the things we did put some effort into as I mentioned we're putting numbers around was the surplus parts. And we have a very hard time seeing; we don't see anything in there when we track the high dollar value parts.
Operator: Thanks. The next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: On the headcount reduction, were there cost associated with that in the quarter and if so were they in the acquisition-related adjustments?
Terry Paradie: No, the costs would be pretty; pretty tied to be honest but you know be included in whatever line item will be in cost of sales and/or SG&A.
Seth Seifman: Okay. So they were very small but they are in the adjusted, they are in the EBITDA as defined?
Nick Howley: They are in the numbers.
Terry Paradie: They would be in the regulatory, yes.
Nick Howley: They are in the numbers.
Seth Seifman: Okay, great. And then just I'm curious a little bit about the share repurchases your decision to buy back stock, it sounds like you become a little bit more cautious on the OE side, I feel like you sound a little bit more cautious about aftermarket than you did last quarter and the decision to ramp up the repurchases in the context of those end market sentiments?
Nick Howley: I'm not exactly sure how to answer that. I mean, we obviously we bought shares because we thought the price looks good is why we bought them. Now, may be the reason for that is because the market assumptions that the market -- the market is making but what we bought we just look at this as a capital allocation when the buy looks good and we dont immediately see any near-term uses, no matter, we buy.
Operator: Thanks. The next question is from the line of Hunter Keay at Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Good morning. So trying to touch on a couple other questions, one that may be Rob was asking was the FX question but Nick I'm kind of curious if youre seeing any changes in behavior with how some of your U.S. customers and customers in markets as currency have really gotten ahead in particularly emerging market customers. As it relates specifically to some of the really, really discretionary stuff, have you seen any major sort of disparate changes in how you deliver?
Nick Howley: I dont think we have -- I dont think we have. No, no, I dont I know we havent. We have a few businesses that are tied to more discretionary things like inferior upgrades and things like that and frankly they are doing okay.
Hunter Keay: Yes.
Nick Howley: So I can't -- no, I like to be able to put my finger on something like that and say there it is but I cant.
Hunter Keay: And can you may be help us think about Nick I dont know if you put this out there, I'm sorry if I missed it but how much your aftermarket exposure in actually U.S. based and how much is not?
Nick Howley: Its roughly; its roughly the same as the installed base of airplanes. I mean, we're pretty well market weighted so take RPMs, take installed base of airplanes, Im saying this from memory but Im guessing thats something around 30%.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Thats helpful and then --
Nick Howley: And if thats not exactly the right number it doesnt mean that our business is disproportionately weighted it means I forgot the right number.
Hunter Keay: Sure, yes, of course absolutely. Thanks for taking a stab and then we saw, Nick, we saw change in your compensation structure, Im assuming this is unrelated to next part of this question but can you talk about any updated thoughts around succession planning at the company. Thanks for the time.
Nick Howley: I think no different than we've said before, no different than we've said before. I have a contract and you know what the contract -- what my contract says. With the change in the compensation up, frankly, I -- probably 95% of my compensation for the last 10 years has been equity driven anyway. And I -- I'm going to make it all equity driven, which I think is generally a vote of confidence.
Hunter Keay: Okay.
Nick Howley: Now, after I do that by the way, the stock is supposed to go up, not down by the way. That's a joke guys.
Hunter Keay: I was on mute. I enjoyed it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of David Strauss at UBS. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Nick, your cautiousness on commercial OE, I mean is it anything specific beyond just emerging markets looks week, airlines just scrapping fewer airplanes. I mean is there anything else that you're looking at and seeing and saying that this just doesn't feel right relative to the OE rates that are out there?
Nick Howley: David, I don't have any unique insight any more than any of you guys do. As I said before, it feels long it took to me. I noticed some rates were starting to move down in the wider bodies. I noticed airline monitored and I'm sure you follow them. I noticed they soften their sort of soften their outlook here and the last time they published it, it concerns us. I don't -- again, I have no unique knowledge, nor do I have any certainty about it. But our view is and you're better off to get cost out quick and you can always adjust the other direction that you have to.
David Strauss: Right. And talk about how much more you can do from a cost cutting side, if you end up being right and OE rates end up moving lower rather than higher over the next couple of years?
Nick Howley: Yes. I think -- to say so much potentially, I think we do whatever we have to do to try and hold the margins. But I think it drops in the 10%, 15%, 20% kind of range particularly, with the fact that the aftermarket typically doesn't drop like that at all and you get a little mix. I think we can pretty comfortably between cost reductions and the balance for our business hold the margins, hold the margin percent.
David Strauss: Right. I got it. Okay. Last one for me. Terry, on the free cash or on the cash balance that you're implying for year-end at $1.2 billion, did that imply something around $700 million to $750 million in free cash flow? And obviously, adjusted earnings are going up, cash taxes are also in a fair amount. Can you just help us what the big working capital moving pieces are to get you to that kind of level on free cash flow?
Terry Paradie: Yes. I think our working capital has stayed fairly consistent. What we try to do is, we look at receivables, inventory, net of payables, and we try to keep that in the 26% to 30% of pro forma sales on a regular basis. And that's where we're at today and that's the plan to continue going forward. I think where you're going to see from, to get us to the $1.2 billion is very consistent what we said last quarter. We said we will just under $1.5 billion for the year and think about the buybacks that we've done and the acquisition of Breeze, I think you can reconcile down to the $1.2 billion. So we really haven't changed anything from where we were last quarter, from our outlook of cash at the end of the year.
Operator: Thanks. The next question is from the line of Robert Stallard at Royal Bank of Canada. Go ahead please.
Robert Stallard: Nick, I'll just follow-up on David's question? You've got this hunch about OEM aerospace that's up cycle there may be not lasting forever. But you stand pretty confident about the aftermarket. I thought if you could give us some more clarity on why you think this expected [indiscernible] spare part purchasing is going to improve pretty radically over the next nine months? And also what your assumptions might be for the smaller bizjet and helicopter off the market?
Nick Howley: Yes. The -- on the commercial transport aftermarket, it's just -- if I look at previous cycles around the -- around flight hours this seems to me to be down a while, it seems to me typically these have started to come back and caught up. I don't know of any change in the underlying user consumption of the parts. So at some point it's got to pick up. Now, do I call the term exactly right? I don't know. That's our best judgment as we sit here today. As I said, if we're off a little we think we have some -- may have some margin room, well, if you look at down at EBITDA or EPS. But I mean I don't have any crystal ball to call the term exactly. And what was your other question about the bizjet?
Robert Stallard: Yes. I mean what your assumptions are for the aftermarket in the bizjet and helicopter, because I think they were a bit of a drag in Q1?
Nick Howley: Yes, they were down pretty significantly. Our assumptions are roughly they don't stay like that. They pick up a little bit through the year. We -- it seems to us to be an overreaction. Now, I don't -- the helicopter business, the commercial helicopter business is pretty bumpy as I'm sure you know in aftermarket and OEM, but that's not a lot of our business. So I don't see that driving it much. But I would expect the aftermarket for the business jets to be a little better. Though I have to say the aftermarket business jet bookings weren't great in the quarter, that's in the aftermarket. The OEM bookings were quite good.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli at KeyBanc Capital. Go ahead please.
Michael Ciarmoli: Just on the whole aftermarket trend here, last quarter I think you kind of characterized it we're guiding to mid-to high-single-digit may be hopeful for some upside. Now, you kind of maintain that forecast. Did you know there is may be more of a bias towards from downside there? I mean can you kind of give us a sense of what you're seeing quarter-to-date, I mean just how do we get comfortable? And without having that visibility into what you were just talking about kind of deferral unwinding there, how do we see this acceleration in the remaining quarters here to get --
Nick Howley: I mean I've seen a pickup in demand. Michael, as you know, I'm not -- if you take the numbers this quarter and take the numbers for the year and divide by three you got to see a pickup in demand. Historically, that's happened there for a period like this. You've ended up with some pretty high quarters. If the pickup doesn't happen then we won't meet the number. Now, that doesn't mean we won't meet our revenue or EPS number some other way. But --
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it.
Nick Howley: But that segment we wouldn't meet it.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. And then you're appropriately conservative and cautious I guess on commercial transport OE, but you don't sound that cautious on business jet OE. And I'm wondering it seems like there is more reasons for concern there given what we're seeing in emerging economies. And I know what we've heard from Gulfstream and Textron. But it seems like there is more risk at that production definitively, I mean are you guys hedging bizjet OE in a similar manner to a commercial transport?
Nick Howley: Well, your assumption going into the year wasn't much growth there. Now, it wasn't a drop like we saw in the first quarter. So we're trending the same place as we were going into the year that that's sort of a flattish market.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay.
Nick Howley: So -- and it's not running at a real high level. Every year everybody thinks it's going to pick up, but it hasn't. Now, the underlying takeoff and landings aren't great, but they're not drastically down.
Michael Ciarmoli: Yes. Okay. And then just last one for me. The revenue change, was that entirely Breeze, was there any other moving part there I mean 777 rate being cut?
Nick Howley: Almost entirely Breeze, almost entirely. Anything else was puts and takes.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it.
Nick Howley: If some unit went up, some else was down to offset it. It's almost dollar for dollar Breeze.
Operator: Thank you. And you now have another question from a line of Noah Poponak at Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please.
Noah Poponak: Terry, on issuing debt where you mentioned you think you would be 50 basis points higher tomorrow than where your active wheels are. You have a number of products and they all have different coupons and have the different changes in yield and there is new issue discount and I don't know if you're including that or not. Could you maybe also frame that as one of the products you issued in the last year you got of coupon of X and if you issued of the same or a very similar product tomorrow you'd have a coupon of Y?
Terry Paradie: Yes, Noah. I can cover that. So the last product -- the last thing we did was last, I think it was April or May of 2015. I think the coupon on that was about 6.5%. Just kind of again stepping back from standpoint of the market, the high yield market there is a lot of volatility in there and it is primarily in the oil and gas area. There is a lot of demand for quality paper that we have. We talk to our banks on several occasions and we stay close to them and there will be a lot of interest in us issuing more paper if we had to. We dont see the need at this point in time. But ultimately, if we were to go to market today in todays conditions, we will probably looking at something in 7.25%, 7.50% range as a coupon rate for --
Nick Howley: That is for step up the leverage, steps up the leverage not to replace it.
Terry Paradie: Right, just to step up the leverage for new issuance of bonds on secured bonds at this point in time.
Noah Poponak: Great, that is very helpful. On the business jet discussion, Nick, youre saying bookings were ahead of shipments, can you maybe go a little more specific on where that was because that is surprising unless I guess possibly just a function of the denominator there being there?
Nick Howley: Well I think the group of shipments are so low, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Nick Howley: I dont think its just  its not that the bookings are so off but shipments are disproportionately, down that is the point I was trying to make.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then Breeze, Breeze has a pretty healthy mix of military. Are you actively looking to acquire more in military just given where we are in the respective cycles?
Nick Howley: No, were not and were not avoiding it, its just we have the sort of the same sort all the time proprietary aerospace significant aftermarket comping. What we pay is dependent on what we think of the outlook of it but we are neither avoiding nor are we seeking military disproportionately.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Kevin Stein: Were just going to look at the platforms, look at our forecast, look at our view of it and price it accordingly.
Noah Poponak: Okay, it makes sense. Final one, Terry, the R&D tax credit potential further incremental step you mentioned anything you can say on rough order of magnitude and timing related to that?
Terri Paradie: No, were too early into the study period right now, I think there is some opportunity but we ought to do our due diligence, we're decentralized, we have 31, 32 business units. Were going to have to go, do our homework there and see what qualifies and once we have that data and well come up and change our effective tax rate for you guys.
Operator: Thank you. We now have our next question from Gautam Khanna. Go ahead please.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, thanks again. I just wondered could you give us any color on how the aftermarket expanded since December 31.
Nick Howley: You say since reception at the end of the quarter?
Gautam Khanna: Yes.
Nick Howley: I dont  we just I dont want to comment on sort of short term times like that. I think well wait for the quarter and talk about it when we have the data. I dont want to start anecdotally comment it.
Gautam Khanna: I just wonder do you think any part of the softness could have been year-end inventory management and many of your MRO and airline customers as opposed to.
Nick Howley: It surely could be, it surely could be but I dont want to  I dont want to hang in on anything specific unless I have the data pretty clearly. But its not unusual that we see inventory adjustments at the end of the year people want to kind of polish things up.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And in terms of how your catalog pricing changes, is the changed price kind of ratably throughout the year or is there a big price hike that is coming to effect?
Nick Howley: Its all over the map; it is all over the map for the businesses. Some have a catalog they put out once a year but its not necessarily on a calendar cycle, some dont have a catalog, they price a lot of it on demand, so there is not a one point of time we would certainly step up.
Gautam Khanna: Since January was not significant base from
Nick Howley: I dont think so. I mean we may answer is I think its pretty ratable through the year maybe a little weighted towards the prices going in the first half of the year but then have to work through the backlog a little bit.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just one last one, are you seeing any differences between the products we sell through distribution that's out there in Aviole [ph] versus the direct sales?
Nick Howley: No.
Gautam Khanna: Is that different aftermarket trend?
Nick Howley: No.
Operator: Thank you very much. As there are no further questions for you now gentlemen, so I would now like to turn the call back to Liza Sabol for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you all for participating on this mornings call and please look for 10-Q that we expect to file tomorrow. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Liza. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-11-12 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc. Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter Four TransDigm Group, Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Mark. Thank you all, that have called in today and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2015 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Speaking on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Operating Officer of our Power Group, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. It should be also noted that our Form 10-K will be filed tomorrow and will also be found on our website. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical, in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for our presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks for calling in. Today, I'll start off as always; first with some comments about our consistent strategy. Then I'll do an overview of a busy fiscal year 2015. I'll review the initial guidance for fiscal year 2016. Kevin Stein will then review some key operating items for 2015 and Terry will then run through the financials for 2015 and 2016; so, a fair amount to cover here today. To reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, and around three-quarters of our sales come from products for which, we believe, we are the sole source provider, over half of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket sales have historically produced higher gross margins and have provided relative stability in downturns. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins and relatively low capital expenditures, TransDigm has year in and year out generated strong free cash flow. This gives us a lot of operating and capital structuring flexibility. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. One, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple, well proven, value-based operating strategy, based around our three value driver concept; that is steady cost reduction, profitable new business generation, and value-focused pricing. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system with executives and senior management, who think, act and are paid like owners. Fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, where we see a clear path to private equity like returns. And fifth, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our effort to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for capital allocation. To remind you again, we basically have four choices and our priorities are typically as follows. First, invest in our existing businesses; second, make accretive acquisitions, consistent with our strategy, these two are almost always our first choices. Third, give extra capital or funds back to the shareholders, either through special dividends or from times occasionally stock buybacks. Fourth, pay off debt; however given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this is still likely our last choice in the current capital market conditions. In the prior year, that is fiscal year 2014, we gave about $1.6 billion back to our shareholders in the form of a large special dividend and some modest stock buyback. This year, that is fiscal year 2015, we saw a number of attractive acquisition opportunities. We acquired about $1.6 billion of proprietary aerospace businesses that met our strategic and shareholder return criteria. As we've done consistently in the past, depending on the specific business and capital market conditions, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in the manner we think has the best chance to maximize our equity return. Fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015 were two clear examples of different business environmental situations and two clear differences in how we reacted with the capital allocation. At 9/30/2015 or at the just end of this fiscal year, based on the current capital market conditions, we believe we have adequate capacity to make about $1.5 billion of acquisition without issuing additional equity. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated levels of acquisitions for fiscal year 2016. Interestingly, over the last three years, that is, since the beginning of fiscal year 2013, we have returned about $3.6 billion or almost 50% of the market equity at the start of 2013 to the shareholders. During that timeframe, we also made nine acquisitions for about $2.4 billion, fully supported our existing business and maintained a healthy cash balance and significant dry powder for additional acquisitions. Now, to summarize fiscal year 2015; 2015 was a busy year. We raised about $2 billion, about half of this was used for acquisitions and the other half was used to decrease the interest rate and to reschedule the payment terms on existing debt. Second, we acquired six operating units in four different transactions for about $1.6 billion as I mentioned. Thirdly, we continued the integration effort of our various 2014 and 2015 acquisitions. Kevin is going to talk a little more about these. Most importantly, we continued to generate real intrinsic value in our new and existing business and create substantial sustainable shareholder value. Now, turning to some of the specifics in 2015; to remind you, this is the fourth quarter and full year summary for fiscal year 2015. Our fiscal year ended September 30. As I've said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by difference in mix, timing, inventory fluctuations, et cetera. Total company GAAP revenues were up around 26% versus the prior Q4, and 14% on a full year versus prior full year basis. Organic revenues were up around 4.5% on a Q4 versus prior Q4 basis, and 3% on a full year growth basis. Reviewing the revenues by market category, and again, this is on a pro forma basis versus prior year Q4 and prior year full year; that is, assuming we owned the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 4% versus the prior Q4 and about 5% on a full year basis. This is primarily driven by commercial transport OEM revenues, which were up about 6% on a full year basis. The commercial transport growth primarily reflects the increase in production rates in the industry. The bizjet and helicopter revenues were in total slightly down year-over-year, with the business jet up a bit and helicopters down. These segments are small compared to the commercial transport OEM sector. For the fiscal year, total commercial OEM bookings were slightly above shipments. Moving on to the commercial aftermarket; our commercial aftermarket revenues were up almost 5% for fiscal year 2015 and about the same percentage for the quarter versus the prior quarter. For both the fourth quarter and the full year, commercial transport aftermarket revenues were both up about 5.5%. However, this was partially offset by the smaller bizjet, helicopter and GA aftermarket revenues, which were flat for both periods. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket revenues were up modestly. For the full fiscal year, bookings were about in line with shipments. In the defense market, which makes up roughly 30% of our revenue; defense revenues for the year were better than we originally anticipated. Fiscal year Q4 revenues were up 12% versus the prior Q4 and 9% on a full fiscal year versus fiscal year basis. As I mentioned last quarter, the primary drivers of the revenue increase in fiscal 2015 were Airborne Systems, our parachute business, primarily with sales to international customers; the A400M program in a number of our units and the C-130 recovery primarily in our AeroControlex business. On balance, the rest of the defense businesses were relatively flat. Full year defense bookings ran ahead of shipments. In total, for fiscal year 2015, excluding the acquisitions, our revenues for commercial aftermarket were a bit softer than we originally expected. The commercial OEM was right about on and military revenues were better than we expected. All in all, total revenues were very close to our original expectation. Moving to profitability and on a reported basis, again I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q4 were non-cash compensation expense and acquisition-related costs and amortizations. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $363 million for Q4 was up 25% versus the prior Q4. On a full year basis, our EBITDA As Defined was $1.23 billion, or up 15% from the prior year. The EBITDA As Defined margins were about 46% of revenue for the full year and 45% for Q4. The full year margins without dilution from the impact of the acquisitions purchased in 2014 and 2015 was approximately 48%, or up 1.5% versus fiscal year 2014 for the same mix of businesses that we owned going into 2014. With respect to acquisitions; we continue actively looking at opportunities, the pipeline of near-term possibilities is reasonably active. As I always say, the closings are difficult to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Moving on now to the 2016 guidance; as we head into 2016, we have some concerns about the duration of the commercial transport OEM cycle, we're being cautious with our spending and are ready to react quickly if necessary. We could also be a bit conservative on our commercial aftermarket guidance. Air travel is holding up well. However, in general, publicly reported industry-wide aftermarket revenue trends haven't been particularly encouraging. And we see reports of potential overall economic softening. On balance, these factors tend to make us cautious and hopefully somewhat conservative. But all in all, this is our best estimate; as you know, we'll update this as the year proceeds. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions in fiscal year 2016, our guidance is as follows: The midpoint of the fiscal year 2016 revenues is $3.1 billion or up about 14% on a GAAP basis year-over-year, organic growth is up about 5% year-over-year. As in the past years, with about 10% less working days, fiscal year 2016 first quarter revenues, EBITDA and EBITDA margins are anticipated to be lower than the other three quarters. The midpoint of the fiscal year 2016 EBITDA As Defined is $1.42 billion or 46% of revenue, that is up 15% year-over-year. This 46% EBITDA margin is in spite of the year-over-year acquisition dilution. We anticipate EBITDA margins will move up through the year as we've seen in previous years. The base business, that's excluding now the 2015 acquisitions, is anticipated to achieve an EBITDA margin of about 49% in 2016 or up over two points versus 2015. As a result of both our concerns about the duration of the OEM cycle and our lower level of industry-wide design activity, we will reduce our employment levels modestly early in the fiscal year. We will watch our cost and market conditions closely as the year proceeds and react accordingly. The midpoint of EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be $10.45 a share, that's up 16% versus the prior year. This is driven by a significant increase in core operations performance and acquisitions, offset in part by higher interest costs, some taxes, and depreciations and amortizations. Terry will review this in a little more detail. On a pro forma or same-store basis, the guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions; commercial aftermarket growth in the mid-single digit percent to high single digit percent based on worldwide RPM growth in the 5%, maybe plus a little range. We're hopeful there could be some upside here, but we remain cautious due to the factors I discussed earlier. Defense and military revenue is estimated to be up in the low single digit percent versus a very strong 2015. Given world events, there clearly could be variations here in either direction. Commercial OEM revenue growth; we're guiding to the mid-single digit percent range, primarily due to 2016 and 2017 commercial transport production rates. We're assuming commercial transport unit airframe shipments are up in the low single digit percents for 2016. We are cautious about the 2017 production rates and how this could reflect itself back in the second half of 2016. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have almost $1.5 billion in cash and over $500 million in undrawn revolver at the end of 2016. We also have additional capacity under our credit agreement. Again, assuming no acquisitions or other capital market activity, our net leverage is anticipated to be about 4.8 times EBITDA at the end of 2016 or down around one turn. In summary, 2015 was a good year. I'm confident with our consistent value-based strategy, our strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our customers. And now, let me hand this over to Kevin, who will hit some of the highlights from 2015.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Good morning, everyone. As Nick mentioned, in total, we had a good fourth quarter and a strong finish to another very busy year. As we have stated previously, we believe our succession planning process, application of TransDigm value drivers and our organizational focus on accretive acquisitions that meet our strategic vision, are the keys to delivering shareholder value. And as you will see, we made appreciable progress on each of these this past year. To this point, let me provide some color to these aspects of our strategy. As we do with each acquisition, we follow a detailed and scripted integration plan. This includes an implementation of our value creation process and metrics, restructuring the business into our product line focus groups, focusing the engineering and business development efforts on winnable and profitable new business. And finally, we tighten up the cost structure. With nine new units acquired in 2014 and 2015, this integration process was significant. In fiscal year 2014, we acquired three proprietary aerospace businesses in two transactions; Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems UK and Elektro-Metall Export, or EME. All are progressing well and have met our strategic and shareholder return criteria. During 2015, we acquired four businesses, with six different operating units; Telair, Franke, Pexco and PneuDraulics. Telair and Franke were acquired in late March of 2015. At Telair, the business at acquisition was divided into three operational units. The three operational units have become Telair US Cargo Systems based in Goldsboro, North Carolina; Nordisk Aviation Products based in Norway; and Telair International based in Miesbach, Germany. We believe keeping these as separate business units will allow improved focus and accountability driving value creation. Each of these businesses made progress, integrating the TransDigm operating model and value generation philosophy. The first phase of productivity restructuring has been completed across all three operating units, including head count reductions and non-core facility closures. In addition, Neal McKeever, an experienced TransDigm leader, was added as President of Nordisk Aviation. Although, still early in the process, this collection of aerospace cargo-related manufacturers have met or surpassed our expectations. As a whole, we do not expect this group of businesses to achieve TransDigm average margins within the next three years to four years due to long-term contracts in place and other factors. However, we have seen improvements in all three businesses in EBITDA as a percent of sales and we certainly expect to see more. Franke was an acquisition of an aviation faucet business and is in the throes of being relocated from its home base in Germany to our operations at Adams Rite Aerospace in Southern California. Once complete, this product line will be married to our existing Adams Rite faucet business, which will allow us to leverage the greater than 30 years of design and manufacturing of lavatory components for use in commercial transport applications. In May of 2015, we acquired Pexco, a custom plastics extrusion company, headquartered in Yakima, Washington, which specializes in proprietary commercial aerospace interior products used in the galleys, lavatories, floors, ceiling and stowage bins of aircraft. Although, a performing business at acquisition, we have still found opportunity to apply the TransDigm value drivers in this business. This includes head count reductions and the closure and relocation of the Huntington Beach operations to Yakima, Washington. To assist in the integration of this business into TransDigm, we have relocated Herb Mardany, an experienced President, who has been developed from a previous acquisition and most recently as the President of AvtechTyee into this business. In August of 2015, we finalized the acquisition of PneuDraulics into the TransDigm family. Obviously, it is very early in our integration process, but by all indications, this commercial aerospace hydraulic actuation business is a fit for our portfolio. Cost reduction efforts are currently being implemented through early 2016 and our focus will now move to the implementation of the rest of our TransDigm value drivers around profitable new business and value pricing. Early feedback should have this business achieving TransDigm like EBITDA margins in the long-term. Let me now touch on the results of our succession planning process and how we are developing bench strength for future growth. We currently operate with approximately 31 business units and 8,200 employees. Given the size and scope of TransDigm today, additional executive vice presidents were needed for growth and succession purposes. Each EVP has responsibility for five business units to six business units and $200 million to $300 million of EBITDA. These executives are responsible for ensuring each group of businesses stay well-grounded in the TransDigm value drivers and culture. To accomplish this, we have recently promoted two experienced TransDigm executives as executive vice presidents to handle our ever expanding portfolio. They have both been with TransDigm for over 15 years and have had a range of functional and senior management assignments. Roger Jones, previous President of AeroControlex and CEF Aerospace; and Joel Reiss, previous President of Skurka Aerospace and Hartwell Corporation, are these key new additions to our senior management team and ensure we continue to groom and grow our talent to fulfill our future needs. Finally, I wanted to bring your attention to an impressive award TransDigm recently won. In August of this year, Forbes announced that TransDigm had been named to their list of The World's Most Innovative Companies. This award identifies TransDigm as one of the top 100 global companies in innovation, and the only aerospace company so recognized; clearly, a validation of our strategy and our ability to generate shareholder value. Examples of this type of innovation can be found in a number of businesses. For Schneller, a global leader in highly engineered decorative solutions for the transportation industry, this year, they won a large award from a major global airline for a complete fleet rebranding campaign, including color, look and feel. This will include a refresh of the galleys, lavatories, cabins, floors and seating areas. At Hartwell Corporation, they were awarded the 737 MAX thrust reverser latch package of significant value at full production rate with initial design unit shipped to the customer with production requirements shipping later this fiscal year. Additionally, Hartwell was awarded the A330neo thrust reverser and fan color latch packages. One of these latches is a derivative of a recently developed latch in support of Airbus to address fan color loss prevention on the A320 current engine option fleet. Champion Aerospace and United Technologies Corporation announced jointly that they have finalized a Life of Program supply agreement for to support production at UTC's aerospace businesses. Ignition components include exciters, ignition leads and igniters. Champion has now been positioned as the sole source provider of these ignition systems and components on the entire PurePower family of engines powering platforms, such as the Airbus A320neo, Embraer E-Jets E2, Mitsubishi MRJ, and the Gulfstream G500 and G600. AvtechTyee recently developed two new communications products for commercial aerospace. First is a redesigned audio control panel for the 737 platform, which provides improved reliability and decreased maintenance in the cockpit. This sealed audio control panel is gaining traction in both the OEM and aftermarket. Additionally, AvtechTyee recently won business with a number of airlines for a 737 MAX and 777 applications for a newly designed radio, the SELCAL or selective-calling radio, which is in essence, a pager in the sky that allows the pilots to activate their radio when needed to avoid constant listening to static and squawk on the radio, eliminating a key source of pilot fatigue. These are just a small sample of the new business wins from the past year, and with that let me now hand it over to our CFO, Terry Paradie, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Nick already summarized the key events that occurred in fiscal year 2015. So, I'll now review the consolidated financial results for our fourth quarter; then give a brief fiscal year end summary. Fourth quarter net sales were $810 million, up $168 million or approximately 26% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions; Telair, Pexco, PneuDraulics and Franke, contributed over 80% of the additional sales for the period. Our organic sales were approximately 4.5% higher than last year, primarily driven by growth in defense, partially offset by lower growth rates in commercial OEM and aftermarket. Our fourth quarter gross profit was $428 million or 52.8% of sales. Our reported gross profit margin of 52.8% was 1.5 margin points lower than prior year. This quarter's decline in margin was due to the dilutive impact from acquisition mix and higher acquisition-related costs, which accounted for a decrease of almost three margin points. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins in the remaining businesses versus the prior year quarter improved almost 1.5 margin points due to the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Our selling and administrative expenses were 12.1% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.9% in the prior year. Excluding all acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock comp, SG&A was about 10.2% of sales compared to 10.9% of sales a year ago. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $16 million versus the prior year quarter. This was the result of an increase of outstanding borrowings of $950 million in the current quarter versus the prior year. The increase in outstanding borrowings was to fund acquisitions. Our net income for the quarter increased $27 million or 24% to $142 million, which is 17.5% of sales. This compares to net income of $114 million or 17.8% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales versus the prior period, partially offset by higher interest expense and higher acquisition-related costs. GAAP EPS was $2.50 per share in the current quarter compared to $1.91 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS was $2.83 per share, an increase of 28% compared to $2.21 per share last year. Please reference Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Since this is our fiscal year end, let me take a minute to quickly summarize some significant items. Net sales increased $334 million or by 14% to end our year at $2.7 billion in revenue. Acquisitions contributed just over 75% of the increase in sales, organic sales were about 3% above prior year. Reported gross profit increased 14% to $1.45 billion and was 53.6% of sales compared to 53.4% in prior year. Excluding all acquisition activity and stock comp expense, our full year margin versus prior year improved 1.5 margin points. Selling and administrative expenses of 11.9% of sales in fiscal year 2015 is slightly higher than the 11.7% of sales in fiscal year 2014. Again, excluding all acquisition-related expenses, stock compensation and non-operating expenses, SG&A was about 10.3% of sales compared to 10.4% of sales last year. Net interest expense increased $71 million due to the increase in the weighted average outstanding borrowings to $7.8 billion from $6.3 billion last year. Our fiscal year 2015 weighted average interest rate was 5.2%. Our effective tax rate for the year was 29.8% for fiscal year 2015, compared to 31.6% for fiscal year 2014. The lower current year tax rate was primarily due to recognizing the benefit from the utilization of foreign tax credits, foreign earnings taxed at lower statutory rates, as well as favorable discrete adjustments related to the finalization of prior year IRS audits. Adjusted EPS was $9.01 per share this year, up 16% from $7.76 per share a year ago. Now, switching gears to cash and liquidity; the company generated $521 million of cash from operating activities and we closed the year with $714 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's gross debt leverage ratio at September 30, 2015, was approximately 6.4 times pro forma EBITDA and 5.9 times pro forma EBITDA on a net basis. We believe fiscal year 2015 was another great year for TransDigm and our shareholders. As we look forward to fiscal year 2016, we estimate the midpoint of our GAAP EPS to be $9.32 and as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $10.45. As we disclosed on slide nine, there is $1.13 in adjustments to bridge GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. In addition, here are a few other fiscal year 2016 assumptions. Depreciation and amortization including backlog amortization of approximately $14 million is expected to be approximately $118 million compared to approximately $94 million in fiscal year 2015. Interest expense is expected to increase 7% to around $450 million in fiscal year 2016. As we discussed on the last call, 75% of our debt is fixed, swapped or capped. For the next four years or five years, we are reasonably hedged against large swings in interest rates. Given our current structure, a large increase in the LIBOR rate of 8%, far above what anybody is anticipating, would increase our after-tax interest rate by 1.25%. In essence, we have approximately $15 million after-tax interest expense sensitivity to every 1% change in the LIBOR rate. Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2016 is expected to be 31% and our cash taxes to be approximately $200 million. We expect our weighted average shares outstanding will increase slightly and be approximately 56.8 million shares. As a result of these items, our adjusted EPS of $10.45 is approximately 16% greater than fiscal year 2015. Finally, with regards to our liquidity and leverage, assuming no acquisitions or capital market transaction, we expect to have almost $1.5 billion of cash on hand at the end of fiscal year 2016. Again, as Nick mentioned, assuming no acquisition activity, our net leverage ratio will be 4.8 times our EBITDA As Defined at September 30, 2016, or deleveraging a little over a full turn. I will now hand it over to Liza to kick off the Q&A session.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Terry. Operator, we are now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli, KeyBanc Capital. Please proceed.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys; a real nice quarter. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe, Nick, you talked about concerns on the OE cycle more pronounced into 2017. Can you just elaborate are you looking at specific platforms there or are you looking at your exposure to the 777 or maybe just kind of expand on what's giving you the specific concerns?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. I can't  I mean, you know, guys, I know all  I hear all the announcements on potential production cuts or up or down as you guys do; so I know nothing unique there. I would say it's more of a general concern. You know, we have an expansion that's been going on now for 11 years or something like that. It's generally forecast to run another three years, four years, pick the person, that's getting up in the 14-year, 15-year range, that's started to look awful long in the tooth to me. I can't give you a specific. I understand the backlogs in place still look pretty good, but that's starting to look pretty long to me and something that bears watching and when I combine that with the fact that you see a lot of noise in press releases now around the worldwide economy and the U.S. economy softening a bit. The combination of those two things concerns me. It's not any specific insight different than any you have. We are roughly market weighted on the airplane. So there is no one airplane that's going to drastically knock us out of  that's going to significantly change our numbers versus others.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then just maybe one last one for me, just broadly on the commercial aerospace aftermarket; can you give us an update on kind of what you're seeing from airline behavior? And if we look at suppliers out there, I mean there continues to be wide variations of reported growth with, I guess, GE and Safran leading the way, UTX and Pratt kind of lagging; how do you guys tend to correlate with those suppliers and maybe what you are seeing?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, I don't know. On the engine, guys, I frankly don't know how to correlate that. I'm sure all of you watch them too. It seems to me, they swing up and down all over the place. They go up fast and down fast and I don't know how to correlate them with us. We tend to correlate ourselves more with the  with the more componenty kind of people, you know, that you see, UTAS and Honeywell and people like that. I think we're probably running a little ahead of those kind of businesses. I'd say in the marketplace, it still seems to me, as though they should be ordering more, or taking more. And that's why I've said, I think there is some upside in next year's number. But when you see the numbers and you see the discussion in the economy and the numbers other people are turning in and talking about it, it gives you some concern about being overly bullish.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks, guys, I'll jump back into queue.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna, Cowen and Co. Please proceed.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning and great results.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Wanted to just have you elaborate on what you're seeing on the defense side of the business, aftermarket NOE (40:26) and if there's any tough comps we should be mindful of as we look through fiscal 2016? I remember the Airborne Systems piece had a bit of a comeback. So, how should we think about sort of the...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, I think, you mean as far as quarters or something like that?
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, well, first, we don't give quarterly guidance. I think you just have to look at the guidance we gave for the year. The specific things that moved it up are the parachute business, as we said, the international orders and those still look pretty strong. The Airbus 400 have a fair amount of a lot of activity, a lot of it being sort of catch-up for backed up stuff. That I think doesn't  you don't get a lot of growth off of that, just because it spiked up pretty well. The C-130, which we caught up a fair amount due to inventory drawdown at Lockheed and AeroControlex, I think that's kind of at rate, but I don't think the C-130  the rates aren't going up on the C-130. I think you probably saw the catch-up you see there. And the combination of all those is why we're  we're not expecting another, whatever, at 9% to 12% growth next year. Now, I will admit, the defense business, it's an uncertain world out there. It could move down. I think it could move up too.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And that's helpful...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think the chances of the OEM portion of the business, which is less than the majority of the business moving dramatically from what we expect is small. Where you can get the movement is if operating tempo picks up, they start buying more spares and repairs.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's fair. Thank you, Nick. And I was wondering if you could also just comment on your balance sheet capacity for a special dividend versus M&A in this environment. We did see some perturbations in the high yield market during the quarter, and I just wondered what you think you could actually lever up to for either a special or a corporate acquisition?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I hesitate to guess at that, only because we see the same thing you see. It's sort of bouncing around, though I think yesterday, our bonds were trading just about at par. But it's kind of moved around a bit. Let me just see; our credit agreement is public, right?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Our credit agreement, yes, it is.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: As you know, our credit agreement allows us to go up to 7.25% net. I think it might be tough in today's environment to get up to 7.25% net. I'm not sure we couldn't do it, the question is, whether we want to do it with the price movement it would take. We are thinking more like sort of 7%-s around our limit rather than 7.25%. Which I don't... (43:23)
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: And that would be for M&A or...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're probably a little more cautious around that mark with that now than we were a year ago.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think in either case...
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: ...for dividends, would it be lower or would it be...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, and well, probably a little bit; it's hard to get an exact beat on that until you go out and try and raise it, but probably a little lower.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from David Strauss, UBS. Please proceed.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Nick, just looking at your revenue forecast, I'm having a hard time reconciling mid-single digit organic growth plus you've got, it looks like, about 2.5 full quarters of additional acquired revenues from all the deals you've done recently. Is it truly 5% organic you're assuming, because I'm just having a hard time getting down to kind of where you're guiding revenues to?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We gave you the number. I don't follow you, David. The number is not clear or when you add acquisitions...
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Well, yes, if you take 5% organic revenue growth plus basically 2.5 additional quarters of about the similar amount of acquired revenues you had this quarter, you come up with a fair amount higher than the top end of your range.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think we're somehow disconnected maybe on our definition of organic.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: David, I just don't know, but I suspect we may be calculating organic different than you're calculating. But it's hard for me to answer that without seeing the calculation, but I think, Liza, we'd be glad to look at it.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes (45:08).
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, all right. That's fine. I can take it offline.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: And then, you gave us a lot of data around what you're assuming for kind of base business margins and all of that. If you look at your adjusted EBITDA growth, Nick, of 15% that you're guiding to for next year, how does that break out between base business and acquired, the acquisitions in terms of that 15%?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, I mean, it always is a  you're going to get a reasonable slug of it out of acquisitions, because they're new and you've got them for a full year. We don't break that number out, mostly because we don't want to go make judgments on allocations of overhead and things like that on it. But the new ones are a pretty good contributor. The existing businesses, you're not going to get the kind of margin movement you see in a new one.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, then historically, we've always increased the margins on these existing businesses, and we'll continue to do that on these acquired businesses. So we expect it to move on.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And last one for me, did I hear correctly $1.5 billion in ending cash at 2016, so are you implying, as we think about free cash flow somewhere in the $700 million to $800 million range next year?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, I think what we said was almost $1.5 billion, and I think with what we're expecting midpoint on EBITDA and our cash conversion rate of that EBITDA, that puts you in the right range of what you're mentioning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But the answer to the question is yes.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Myles Walton, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up on Dave's last question, first. So, you usually get about $100 million of cash from financing activity from the options and excess tax benefits. So the free cash flow would be somewhere in the $600 million to $700 million as opposed to $700 million to $800 million, is that right?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I guess it depends how you define free cash flow. We define free cash flow as operating cash minus CapEx. And the way we look at the business is we really look at EBITDA conversion after paying cash taxes, interest, and working capital and that we see that's always over 50% and that's what we target.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay, to follow up on that one...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But the math is just $750 million and goes to a little under $1.5 billion.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: $1 billion to $1.5 billion.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sure.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You can do the math on the free cash flow.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. But, you would pick up some extra cash in financing is all I was getting at from the options.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, because the exercise of the options.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. So, to back up, for 2015, so, you target 50% conversion of adjusted EBITDA to operating cash flow, it didn't play out in 2015. Was it simply cash taxes in the flow of those in the course...
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So, I think and believe it did pay out. I think the number, we look at free cash flow of $521 million, back off $55 million, we're  or, excuse me, our EBITDA of $1.2 billion, converted after interest and cash tax and CapEx, were almost 53% conversion.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Your EBITDA As Defined was $1,233 million.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, that's what  yes, so, we have...
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: You have operating cash flow of $521 million.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, but again, as I mentioned, we look at it as, take your EBITDA, back off cash interest and cash tax. The other piece of it is working capital, that you're factoring in your free cash and you can see from a working capital, we've made some investments this year.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think, you're just trying to calibrate them. Miles, when we say it's over 50%, there is a definition of what we mean by that.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We mean, what we call operating, which is EBITDA minus cash interest minus cash tax minus CapEx, right.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, got it. Because in prior years, the working capital actually has not been a source, it's been more of a  excuse me, not been a use, it has been more of a source, so, I guess that's the differential this year.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. You heard Kevin talk about, as we move to integrating some of these new businesses, and growing our businesses, we built some working capital in the inventory area this year and that's what you're seeing.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And the only other one that I had was, the 31% as a starting point for tax, is that a good ongoing rate beyond 2016, is there anything one-off in 2016 that's helping drive down...
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, we don't predict what the discretes will be. That is our estimate for our full year effective tax rate. So the 31% is that number. And it's down from 33%, where we started last year, because of the Telair acquisition structure we put in place.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, yes. That's the recurring rate.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert, Canaccord. Please proceed.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Kevin M. Stein - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: I just wanted to follow up on that working capital question if I could. Was almost all of the growth, it looks like about half was inventory this year and then some on the accounts receivable. Was that all associated with the acquisitions and positioning them or was there anything else going on in the base business?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, I don't believe there's anything going on in the base business. It's really driven by acquisitions. If we look at our DSOs, they're very consistent year-over-year as well as from an inventory turn, the same thing. The acquisitions as well as we are building up a little bit of safety stock...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And volumes have gone up.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And volumes have gone up, absolutely.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yes. And then  okay. So as you think about 2016 and the guidance I guess, a lot of that is helped I guess into 2016 when you think about at least some of the inventory and the ability to sort of work that down through the year?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think that's, we'll see how that all plays out. I think one thing we have to recognize is that we really are focusing on EBITDA and we are willing to give up a little bit of working capital to generate further EBITDA. So that's really our strategy.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I think as far as looking at the basic business model, what we define as working capital is receivables and inventory minus accounts payable, that's what we track. That number runs 27%-ish, 26% to 28%, and it doesn't change much, and any change you see in there from year-to-year is just a random perturbation. You can use that number and feel pretty comfortable that it's a pretty good predictor, that kind of range. As percent of revenue, I'm talking about.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yes, yes. Okay, no, that's helpful.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's what we use when we model it.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, okay. That's helpful. So I guess the only variability would be obviously incremental acquisitions which obviously are not in the guides.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Right.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And if I could just finally, Nick, on the aftermarket, I know last time we spoke you were commenting around still some inventory in, not at the distribution level, but at the airline level. Do you see that as  is that part of your conservatism here in 2016, and how that plays out or you get a sense that specific inventory levels are close to normalized and the caution around the guidance is really just, obviously 2015 had a lot of surprises maybe and obviously you don't want to get too far ahead of things here?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, first, I have no specific way to exactly put my finger on what the inventory is that all the airlines have. I would say they seem to be buying less than they should be consuming and I don't think we are alone in saying that. I think there is some probability or if not possibility, that there were overbuys before that that are being drawn down, and I think there is some possibility that they're getting a little better on inventory management. All those combined with the fact that some economic concern is what has us a little softer. But you know, you take our guidance for aftermarket, take off the price and you can make whatever estimate you want on that, you guys probably won't be too far off. You'll see, we're still pretty modest in our assumptions on the real growth, the unit growth, it probably still doesn't track airline activity.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yes, exactly. Well obviously coming off of 2015, that's probably a fair assumption, a safe assumption heading into 2016?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes. But we hope there could be upside there.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yes.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We'd love to be wrong on the upside.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: All right. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss, UBS. Please proceed.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks for taking my follow-up. Nick, back on the aftermarket; any distinction on what you're seeing in terms of kind of the more discretionary part of the aftermarket versus the non-discretionary part?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think I can realistically make that argument. If I look quarter-by-quarter, it's spotty across the businesses that are discretionary and non-discretionary. The vast majority of our businesses are not discretionary stuff. You just need them when you run the hours and I can't say there is a marked difference in the more discretionary things.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And, Terry, the gap, the difference between the adjusted EPS and GAAP EPS guidance; can you reconcile how much of that is stock comp versus acquisition or integration-related cost?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, I think it's in the slides, David. I think if you looked at slide nine, you will see that the biggest component there is the non-cash stock comp of about $0.64 and then acquisition related expenses of $0.44 that makes up $1.13.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. Yes. Okay, haven't seen that. Thanks.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Barclays. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys, and nice numbers as always, Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Couple of questions; first off, just on the order trends, Nick, when you look regionally I think real-time, do you see any difference in order activity out of some of the places that we're all worried about, whether it's Asia or Middle East or Latin America; you're spread across those places, is there anything to note in terms of order differentials on the aftermarket?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Nothing that I feel comfortable enough to talk about, Carter. I don't see any particular conclusion I can draw other than the normal; people are flying more and buying more. But I can't say I see any dislocation in one place different than another at least on the data we have.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. And then just a quick follow-up, you mentioned really quickly the head count reduction; I wondered if you might kind of compare that to  obviously you did one in  I believe it was 2008. Is this something like that in terms of a magnitude or presumably it's a bit smaller and maybe you can give us just some color on?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Smaller. Yes, it's smaller. I mean, it's more in the low single digit kind of percents.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Than the 10% you did?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, yes, yes, and the logic there is as I think I told you we're a little concerned about the length of the cycle and in fact anything that happens in 2017 will start to ripple back into 2016. As you know quite quickly and the overall economic news across the whole economy doesn't look great to us. And you combine that with the fact that there isn't quite as much development activity as there was three years ago or four years ago. Our view also, Carter, as you know, is to get out ahead of that stuff. We're not ready to make a sort of a definitive statement or an adjustment as we did back then, but we'll keep watching that very closely and we quickly will, if our view changes.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So you think this is more engineering and overhead-oriented at least, at first?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Impacted by  yes. We primarily are making adjustments in the non-hourly, though we're adjusting some of the hourly. The bigger adjustments are in the non-hourly, and the reason for that is, we've still got the backlog. So I mean we're still cranking stuff out, just like the production rates are cranking out. But that almost naturally take care of itself, if the backlog starts to soften at all. Where you have to get proactive is in all the overhead structure. And we're sort of getting a little ahead of that.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Makes perfect sense. Thanks, Nick.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, again, for calling in today and I want to remind you to look for our 10-K that will be filed sometime tomorrow.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. All have a good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2015 TransDigm Group, Incorporated, Earnings Conference Call. My name is Steve, and I'll be the operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2015 third quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie; Chief Operating Officer of our Power Group, Kevin Stein; and our Executive Vice President, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for two weeks, and details are contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that the statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC and are available through our Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks for calling in. Today, I'll review our consistent business strategy. I'll give a short update on our recently completed acquisitions as well as some information on the recently announced PneuDraulics deal. I'll review the financial performance and market summary for Q3 and year-to-date for fiscal year 2015. And I'll discuss our revised guidance for fiscal year 2015. To repeat, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize why we believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary engineered products, around three-quarters of our sales come from products for which, we believe, we are the sole source provider, over half of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales, and aftermarket revenues have historically produced higher gross margins and provided relative stability in downturns. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins and relatively low capital expenditures, TransDigm has year-in and year-out generated very strong free cash flow. This gives us a lot of operating and capital structure flexibility. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple, well-proven value-based operating strategy based around our three value driver concept, that is, steady cost reduction, profitable new business and value-based pricing. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system with executives and senior managers who think, act and are paid like owners. Fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as another means to create shareholder value. To remind you, we basically have four alternatives for capital allocation, and our priorities are consistently as follows. First is to invest in our existing businesses. Second is to make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy. And these two are almost always our first choices. Our third is to give extra money back to our shareholders, either through a special dividend or a stock buyback. And our fourth alternative is to pay off debt. Given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this is likely our last choice in the current capital market conditions. Now, with respect to financial capacity, we have about $915 million in cash, roughly $535 million in undrawn revolver and additional capacity under our credit agreement. After raising an additional $925 million in May, we ended the quarter with a net leverage of six times EBITDA, well below our credit agreement limit. At 6/27/2015, based on current capital market conditions and after all our recently announced financing and M&A activity, including PneuDraulics, we believe we still have adequate capacity to make about $1.5 billion of additional acquisitions without having to issue any equities. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated acquisition levels for the balance of the year. As you know, we recently closed on three transactions, Telair cargo handling business for about $730 million, and that was at the end of Q2, the Franke aerospace faucet business for $75 million at the beginning of Q3 and Pexco for $496 million during Q3. Though it's too early to know with certainty, so far all three acquisitions are performing at or above our expectation. The integrations are proceeding well. We have seen nothing so far that makes us question either the quality of the businesses or our value creation thesis. And in other words, we still think these are good deals. As with all our acquisitions, we expect to generate private equity-like returns from these transactions. Now additionally, we recently announced the execution of an agreement to acquire PneuDraulics for $325 million. This includes approximately $107 million of tax benefits spread evenly over the next 15 years. We don't own this company yet, but we believe it will be a strong addition to our portfolio of companies. The company manufactures proprietary aerospace valves and actuators; it has about 275 non-union employees, all in Southern California. The company's revenues are about 85% commercial aerospace, with the balance military aerospace. The company's products are used on all major Boeing platforms, including the 787, as well as on the Airbus A320 and the new Airbus A350 family. The products are on all major regional jets and turboprops. They have substantial positions in the biz jet world on the Gulfstream, Cessna and Canadair family of business jets. Almost all the revenues are proprietary and mostly sole-source. The aftermarket makes up about 35% of their revenues. Also in Q3, we closed on new financing of about $925 million, about $575 million of which was used to pay for Pexco and Franke acquisitions, and the balance is in the cash on our balance sheet. We also extended the maturities on about $1.1 million of our existing debt and lowered our overall interest rate a little bit. Currently, about 75% of our debt is fixed, swapped or capped. For the next four years to five years, we are reasonably well hedged against large swings in interest rate. As an example, given our current structure, a dramatic 8% increase in the LIBOR rate, far above what anyone is anticipating or expecting, would only move our after-tax interest rate about 1.25%. Now, turning to our Q3 fiscal year 2015 performance, and I remind you this is the third quarter, our year started October 1. And I've said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by difference in OEM-aftermarket mix, large orders, inventory fluctuations in the system, modest seasonality and other factors. The total GAAP revenues were up 13% versus the prior year Q3 and up 10% on a year-to-date basis. Organic revenue was up about 3% on a quarter-versus-prior-quarter and year-to-date basis. Commercial year-to-date bookings are running modestly ahead of revenues in commercial OEM and aftermarket segments. Defense bookings are up significantly over revenues. I remind you that due to cut-offs in timing, as we mentioned last quarter, Q3 only includes two months of Telair and Franke. Q4 will have four months of these businesses. Reviewing the revenue by market category on a pro forma basis versus the prior year Q3 and the prior year-to-date, and this is on slide five, this now includes the recent acquisitions of Telair, Franke and Pexco. Pro forma, to remind you, means we assume we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial aftermarket, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up  1% versus the prior year Q3 and 5% on a year-to-date basis. This is primarily driven by commercial transport shipments, which are up 6% on a year-to-date basis and a little over 1% for the quarter. Our business jet OEM revenues were up modestly in Q3 versus prior-year Q3. Though small in dollars, the commercial helicopter shipments continue to decrease. On a year-to-date basis, commercial OEM bookings continue modestly ahead of revenues. Total commercial aftermarket revenues, commercial aftermarket revenues were up about 3% versus the prior-year Q3 on tough comps and up about 5% on a year-to-date basis. Sequentially, Q3 revenues were up 5% versus Q2. On both a Q3 and year-to-date basis, the commercial transport segment was up a little more than this average, but this was offset by slower growth in bizjet and general aviation and declines in commercial helicopters. The commercial aftermarket growth by operating unit showed no clear picture. Our businesses were all over the map here. Year-to-date commercial aftermarket bookings are running slightly ahead of revenues. The defense market, which makes up about 30% of our revenues, defense revenues were up 9% versus the prior-year third quarter and 8% on a year-to-date basis. On a year-to-date basis, the largest contributors to the growth are A400 shipments at Telair, parachute shipments at Airborne and C-130 shipments at AeroControlex after a prior-year inventory drawdown at Lockheed on the C-130. Bookings continue to run well ahead of revenues on both a quarter and year-to-date basis. We could see some full-year revenue upside here. Moving to profitability and on a reported basis now, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance, or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q3 were primarily made up of financing related expenses, non-cash compensation and acquisition-related costs and amortization. Our EBITDA As Defined is about $313 million for Q3. This is up 13.5% versus the prior Q3. Year-to-date, on the same basis, is $871 million or up about 11.5% versus the prior year. The EBITDA As Defined Margin was about 45% of revenues in the quarter and almost 46% year-to-date. This is roughly flat from prior-year Q3 and up 1% from prior-year year-to-date in spite of the addition of the lower margin acquisitions in the numbers. The Q3 and year-to-date EBITDA margins, without dilution from the impact of the acquisitions purchased in 2015, that is Telair, Pexco and Franke, was approximately 47%. We expect this core group of businesses to also be at roughly 47% for the full year. I remind you, the core group I just defined now includes the lower margin Airborne and EME businesses. If we also excluded these two 2014 acquisitions, the core should be about 49% EBITDA margin on a full year basis. With respect to acquisitions, we've been busy, as I've discussed. We continue looking at opportunities. We still see a reasonable amount of activity, but the closings are always difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Now moving on to the guidance. We're adjusting our total company guidance upward to reflect primarily our Pexco acquisition and a more favorable tax rate, offset in part by higher interest expenses. As usual, our guidance does not include any additional acquisitions other than Telair, Franke and Pexco. It does not include PneuDraulics since we have not closed on that yet. Our revised guidance for the total company as is follows. Revenue guidance is now $2.7 billion to the midpoint, up about $24 million versus the prior midpoint. Our EBITDA As Adjusted guidance is now $1.22 billion, again to the midpoint, up about $15 million versus the prior. EPS as adjusted guidance is $8.71 to the midpoint; this is up $0.09 versus the prior midpoint. Of the increase in adjusted EPS of $0.09 at the midpoint, as I said before, the most significant contributor is from the Pexco acquisition with most of the balance due to a more favorable tax rate. These are offset in part by the higher interest expense from our recent borrowing. By market segments, we are using the following assumptions in our guidance: Commercial OEM, mid single-digit growth, this is unchanged from prior guidance; commercial aftermarket, mid-single growth, this is unchanged from our prior guidance, but could be a little tight; defense, mid-single growth, as you can see we're stuck on mid-single growth here, but this is up modestly from our prior guidance and we may have some upside here. All in all, a good quarter. Our operating results were strong. We closed on two solid acquisitions and we expect PneuDraulics will close soon. Assuming PneuDraulics closes, we will have invested about $1.6 billion in high-quality aero businesses with strong value generation prospects over about a 180-day period. It's been a busy few quarters. And with that, I'm going to pass this on to Terry Paradie, our new CFO, for his first at-bat with TransDigm.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Good morning, everyone. I'm very happy to be here and, hopefully over time, I can hit the ball as well as Greg has over past. So before we discuss the operating results for the quarter, as Nick mentioned, we borrowed an incremental $925 million in the current quarter, primarily to pay for acquisitions, and refinanced approximately $1.1 billion of our senior secured debt to extend maturities, lower our interest rates and increase our liquidity. In addition, I want to remind you that the prior period also included refinancing activity in June 2014 to mainly pay a $25 per share dividend and refinance $1.6 billion of existing notes at lower interest rates. Both of these events impacted several line items significantly in the quarter and prior quarter comparisons, especially refinancing costs that occurred in both periods. This quarter included $18 million of refinancing costs versus $131 million in the prior-year period. With that in mind, let's turn to our quarterly financial results. Third quarter net sales were approximately $691 million, up $81 million or approximately 13% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of acquisitions, Telair, Pexco and Franke, contributed $64 million of the additional sales for the period. Our organic sales were approximately 3% higher than last year, primarily driven by growth in defense, offset by lower growth rates in commercial OEM and aftermarket. Our third quarter gross profit was $359 million, or 52% of sales. Our reported gross profit margin of 52% was 1.6 margin points lower than prior year. This quarter's decline in margin was due to dilutive impact from acquisition mix and higher acquisition-related costs, which accounted for a decrease of almost 2.5 margin points. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins in the remaining businesses versus the prior-year quarter improved almost 1 margin point due to the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Our SG&A expenses were 11.8% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.7% in the prior year. Excluding acquisition-related expenses, non-cash stock comp expense and other non-operating expenses, SG&A was about 10% of sales compared to 10.4% of sales a year ago. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $19 million or 22% versus the prior-year quarter. This is a result of an increase on our weighted average total debt to $7.9 billion in the current quarter versus $6.3 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to both of the refinancings previously discussed. Our weighted average cash interest rate at the end of the quarter is approximately 5.1%. Including the new incremental debt, we now expect our full year fiscal 2015 net interest expense to be approximately $420 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.6% compared to 22.5% in the prior year. We now expect our effective tax rate including discrete items for the full fiscal year to be below 31%, which is lower than we estimated last quarter due primarily to additional benefits from foreign tax credits. We now expect cash taxes to be $150 million for the year. Our net income for the quarter increased $83 million or 513% to $99 million, which is 14% of sales. This compares to net income of $16 million or 3% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales and lower refinancing cost versus the prior period. These items were partially offset with the higher interest expense previously discussed. GAAP EPS was $1.75 per share in the current quarter compared to a loss per share of $1.66 last year. The prior-period loss was due to the inclusion of $111 million or $1.94 per share of dividend equivalent payments paid in the prior quarter primarily related to the $25 per share dividend that we did not have in the current year quarter. Our adjusted EPS was $2.26 per share, an increase of 12% compared to $2.02 per share last year. Please refer to Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP to adjusted EPS. Now switching gears to cash and liquidity. We ended the quarter with approximately $915 million of cash on the balance sheet. This includes approximately $350 million of proceeds from the refinancing we put on the balance sheet to use for general corporate purposes after paying for the acquisitions of Pexco and Franke and refinancing our senior secured debt and related fees during the quarter. The company's net debt leverage ratio was 6 times our pro forma EBITDA As Defined. Excluding any acquisition in the previously-announced PneuDraulics acquisition, we now expect our cash balance to be just over $1 billion and net leverage to be approximately 5.7 times at the end of fiscal 2015. With regards to our guidance, we estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $7.53. And, as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $8.71. The GAAP guidance midpoint was lowered to the additional interest and refinancing costs in the quarter. The $1.18 of adjustments to bridge GAAP to adjusted EPS includes the following assumptions: $0.06 from the dividend equivalent payments, $0.22 from refinancing cost, $0.41 from non-cash stock option expense, and $0.49 of acquisition-related expenses and other. Our full year depreciation and amortization, including backlog, is now expected to total approximately $98 million. Now, I'll hand it back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, Terry. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I'd ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. If you've further questions, please re-insert yourself back into the queue. Operator, we are now ready to open the line.
Operator: Thank you. Stand by from your first question, which comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So, Nick, if you're able to answer this, it would be very helpful, but do you have the organic growth in your EBITDA As Defined in the quarter. I think you did 13% total, but do you have the organic equivalent to that?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: About half of that is organic.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. I don't know the exact number, but I...
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: About 6.5% of it.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay. You hear that, about half.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Okay, that's good. And then a question  a high-level question, Nick, on commercial aftermarket. I think when you parsed it out, the air transport sounded a little better than it looked.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, not a lot. I don't want to be  it's the lion's share, so it can't be way different.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Well. So, at the risk of just treading right into the heart of the matter, I think aftermarket's confused or confounded people over the past couple of weeks as it has all year, it's come in softer than we thought it might, especially given what traffic is supposedly doing. And I'm wondering if you can shed some light on how we have  I understand it was a tougher comp and so on, but how we have aftermarket trending at like half of RPMs?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. I get that, Rob, and I must admit it's a little baffling to us too. And we look at everything and read everybody else's numbers as they come out. So I don't think we're unique in this. I don't honestly, Rob, I  other than airlines aren't buying as much (27:17) or some mix of inventory drawdown or deferrals of some discretionary items, I don't know that I can give you any other particular insight into it. I will say, if you look across our operating units, it isn't a clear picture. They're sort of all over the map. It isn't that discretionary ones are up and nondiscretionary are down or vice versa. It's just not a clear picture and frankly it's lower than we expected.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Well, I mean, are we seeing just a real sea change in the way airlines think about aftermarket and overhauls and that this is just a new disciplined world? I guess, the U.S. airlines are driving this and maybe it spreads and that they're just figuring out how to work just in time or something that's a little bit more permanent rather than a soft patch?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: The real is, I don't know, obviously. I would say on the fundamental demand, like use of our product, there isn't any change. So to the extent that there is inventory adjustments going on and rippling around the place, it would seem to me that that should settle out eventually. Though honestly, it has been more volatile for the last three years, four years than I would have expected. If I look back, Rob, over any extended period of time, two years, three years, four years, it seems to kind of all cancel itself out as you average that out and the numbers still look about what you expect. But I will admit it's bouncing around more than I would have expected.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then just a clarification on your comment  I think it was yours, Nick; maybe it was yours, Terry. On the debt and rates, if I understood you correctly, you threw out a very large 8% increase in, did you say, LIBOR?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I did. I said that.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And you're talking about 800 basis points, I want to make sure I understand what 8% increase?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: 8% increase. Rob, I would say that is, I'm only trying to show how much  how well we're hedged against that. I have no reason to believe rates are going to go up 8%.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So, again, 8%...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Essentially, LIBOR today is zero.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right. Right. Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And what I was trying to say is, if it went from effectively zero  I think it's 0.2% or 0.3%...
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: 0.19% (29:48)
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: If it went from that up to 8%, a far greater move than anyone anticipates or anything like that over the next four years or five years, our after-tax rate would move about 1.25% or 1.5%, I forget...
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, 1.25%
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: 1.25%. And the pre-tax would be a little higher than that. I was just trying to give you a sense that we think we've gotten ourselves reasonably well hedged here for the next four years or five years.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then just to tie the loop and put some math to that, that would be going from, I think, a blended rate right now of like 5% and change, 5.3% up to about 6.5%?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't have the calculation in front of me. Well, yes...
Unknown Speaker: That's after ...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well now we're getting pre-tax in it  this is again an 8%  I want to be clear to everybody.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Well, 5.3% pre-tax and 6.5% is pre-tax. And when you do the math in the tax, when we're done, it's about $1.30 clip to earnings  if it happened.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I'm not sure how you're doing the math.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Rob, I've lost track of the math. Remember, all the debt doesn't move with LIBOR.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, fair enough. But I was applying the new interest rate to all of the debt based on the way you phrased it.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, Rob, Maybe we can take this...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...one offline. We'll do the math with you.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Half of that is fixed.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Remember that.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Understood.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. So essentially, you can think of it as half is fixed, and half can move with the LIBOR, but we've significantly hedged half of that.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Right.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So I don't think I'm following your numbers and I don't want to try and parse them out on the fly.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. It just...
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): No, I was applying the new rate to the whole thing. And if that's wrong, we'll just do it offline.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I think Nick used 1.25%, but on a pre-tax basis the interest rate, if it went up to 8%, LIBOR increased to 8%, it was about a 2% impact pre-tax to our interest rate.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So I don't know if that helps.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. All right.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, yeah.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And again, Rob, I want to be clear, I am not suggesting that we anticipate an 8% increase in LIBOR.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): No, you're trying to show that you're fairly resilient here if it starts to move...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): ...to move against you. I fully appreciate that. That's why I wanted to have the discussion online...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): ...and take it the full distance. Okay. Thanks, Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Hey, Carter.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I was going to go with a financial riddle, but my head's spinning now, so we'll skip that one. Nick, two questions for you. The first is, obviously you closed or announced a lot of deals in the last 180 days, I guess, you put it. We've seen these waves in the past at points in the cycle that I think most industry observers would call late, and as we get sellers who are sort of eager to not hang on too long and sell before the risk of a downturn kind of come to pass. Is there any of that driving the uptick in the number of transactions you've announced or is this just sheer coincidence that you've come across four of them that really seem to fit the power alley of what you're looking for out there?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean that's hard. It's always hard to speculate on why someone's selling. I wouldn't surprise me if it contributes somewhat to it. I mean, if you just run back through them, we bought one from AAR. They were going through  they're going through a fair amount of restructuring. Whether the market cycle is the precipitating event, I think they were going through the restructuring anyway. It's hard for me to tell exactly why the timing was. I think the Franke one is pretty well something we've been working for a while and I think that just kind of hit when it hit. Pexco is a PE sale. And so I think a PE seller surely doesn't want to try and sell something right at the top of the cycle and they don't want to risk getting stuck having to hold for three years or four years. So I suspect that's a contributor on that one. And PneuDraulics is a family business and it's always hard to sort out the politics or rationale for a family sale. But I can't imagine the fact that the cycle's pretty good was a negative on their thought process.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. I guess what it gets at is just are you seeing more motivation, I guess, among sellers and is this a trend we should look to continue or is the pipeline as it's been for the past couple of years, I guess is the way I'd ask it.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It surely seems more active to me, but I don't know how that predicts and we surely have not bought a bunch here in the last, whatever it is, 150 days or 180 days. I'm quite comfortable, Carter, we're not going keep that pace up.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. And just to follow up on cash flow. I know, for at least one of these transactions, you said you were going to go through a facility relocation. Now that you've done a couple of them, I'm not sure what all the aggregate plans are, but just wondering if there's an inventory build of significance associated with facility rationalization.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think these were any  I don't know what percent most of you use in your model for working capital, by which I mean receivables inventory, receivables inventory amounts payables 25%, 27%, 28% something like that. I don't think there's anything that'll move it outside of that range. A little, but I don't think materially I don't think anything that shows or makes any impact on the model.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: On the cash flow, great.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah, sorry.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you, gentlemen, and welcome Terry.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Nick, maybe just back to the overall aftermarket, we saw some suppliers get caught off guard with 787 provisioning. Have you seen any changes in 787 provisioning, how are you sort of baking that into the model going forward? And also how are you thinking about the A350 provisioning as that starts to happen?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We tend to not plan on much provisioning for our products. And when it comes along, we sort of look at it as a  I was going to say the bird flew over and got us on the head, but I'll say a nice hurricane, a nice upswing, because our experience has been one, our products aren't hugely amenable to provisioning, amenable is maybe the wrong word, but they tend to not provision big quantities of it. And we've also found it to be very unpredictable, so we tend to not count on it. And you know what you're all really is doing is you're pulling shipments forward that you would get eventually out in another year or two, and we'll probably look at, Mike, we'll probably look at the A350 the same way.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I wouldn't count on much. And we may get some, but we wouldn't count on it.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just you guys used to break down sort of your revenue exposure by platform. I mean just getting back to Rob's question around aftermarket growing half of RPMs. Are you guys seeing notable changes when you maybe slice up the data by the older generation of platforms, 757, 767s, 747s? Is that creating the headwind or do you guys not have that visibility?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I can't answer that. But I just don't know the answer, Mike. Not that I'm not willing to answer it, I just don't know the answer. I would say we are pretty well market-weighted with all the group of parts and businesses we have. And I can't say it's been obvious to us the one class of airframe has been disproportionately either buying or not buying versus what we would have expected. That's my general impression just from business reviews and things like that, but I can't give you an exact number.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Okay, perfect. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, Nick, I just wanted to follow up on the original equipment side of the business. And I'm just curious, in prior calls you've provided detail on sort of your step-up in content on major platforms and if I go back to the Investor Day last year, when you gave some specifics around the 787, A350 et cetera. I'm just curious organically in two acquisitions. Are you able to provide any sort of refresh on maybe specifically for the 787 or the new narrow-bodies or the A350? Are you still capturing content organically and maybe what some of the recent acquisitions do to some of your exposure by some of these major programs just purely on a relative basis as you've talked about it in the past?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Liza, don't we once a year update in our website in our formal presentation the top 10 platforms and the next 10 platforms and the like?
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We did. It doesn't have all the acquisitions.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Doesn't have all the acquisitions in it. Yeah. I would say, in general, and I can't recall each one of the every acquisition, but our content on the new platforms continues to improve. The 787, Pexco is a big supplier on the 787, it's a big part of their program and the content substantially stepped up. At Telair, the A350, they have the cargo handling system, which is a big cargo handling system for them. Whom I'm missing? Franke is relatively small, but  so it's not going to move it much. But in general, we think we are continuing to move up. We know that if you look at on a pro forma basis that same-store basis, we know our content is moving up on the  is up significantly on the 787 and the A350  by pro forma I mean same-store basis.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And organic -
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And if we didn't make it same-store that's  I mean same-store and organic is the same. And if you didn't  if you did it on a GAAP basis, it's going up very substantively.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Okay. That's helpful.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And then if I could on the defense market, it sounds like obviously your  you had maybe a little upside, your mid single-digit or it sounds like if there is any opportunity to maybe outperform on the guidance it's in that market. Can you just provide a little bit more color on where you're seeing the bookings and the strength and if there is maybe any near-term risk to the subside or it sounds like it continues to surprise to the upside? But anymore detail on the defense markets would be helpful.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I think I gave you  I gave you some detail on it. It is  I don't think there is near-term  much near-term risk, by near-term, I mean the balance of the year here. I mean that's stuff pretty well locked and loaded at this point in the year. The upside has been a relatively few programs. It's been a relatively few programs. If you pull them out, the rest of the businesses are flattish. But it's been the A400 shipments and I think we told primarily Telair. I think we told you and we bought that, they were going to be way up which is one of the reasons we expected maybe a little flattening in that next year. The parachute shipments both personnel and cargo, mostly outside the United States and our Airborne business have been just exploding this year. And the other is the C-130, we have a fair amount of content on that, particularly in the cargo handling at our AeroControlex and CEF businesses. And Lockheed last year had been drawing the inventory down, primarily because they've build inventory for a higher rate and drew it down substantively last year and this year are now behind back up to the rate, which has a  means a year-over-year it's a significant step up. So those are the three big drivers of it.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. So, ex those three you say, it sounds like you're running flat?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'd say you are modestly up, modestly down, flattish kind of number across all the rest of the business as an aggregate.
Ken Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Well, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Nick, just to carryon on the aftermarket trend here. Have you seen any change in your pricing strategy impacts in the quarter and have you seen any impact in terms of regional trends because of foreign exchange?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, we surely have seen foreign exchange adjustments, but we price in dollars and we have not changed our pricing history pattern strategy, et cetera at all.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. And the foreign exchange impacts have been pretty minor for us for the quarter.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Have you seen any airlines maybe buying fewer spares, because of the foreign exchange pressures that they are dealing with?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, we surely have seen some buying fewer spares obviously. If you see across the industry, I don't know that I can attribute it to that, I surely haven't heard anyone say that.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Then, Terry, just a couple of quick ones for you. Can you reconfirm the interest guidance, I missed that? And also how does the PneuDraulics tax impact flow through over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. So the interest guidance for the full year this year was $420 million and what we'll have, from a PneuDraulics standpoint is we will get a tax benefit of just over $100 million taken over the next 15 years, that won't impact the rate, it will impact our cash taxes. So from a GAAP standpoint, the tax rate will be sort of our normal effective rate, which right now is around 32%. We've lowered it for this year down to 31% because of discrete items but our normal rate's around 32% going forward.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Nick, I was wondering if you could refresh us, last year in the quarter you just reported ...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You're breaking up. You're breaking up.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Can you hear me better now?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Last June and September, you had very strong aftermarket sales growth and was there anything looking back by region or by product that made the compare much tougher this time around? I mean, was there any geography that stood out when you looked back, and so maybe on a year-on-year basis that would explain some difference?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not that is obvious to me. It could be, but I don't recall it and I don't know the answer to that question, is the real answer. I would say the big spike ups in those two quarters came after probably a two or three quarter period where there was very low growth. Once again, that we and everybody in the industry were trying to figure out what was happening and then all of sudden we get two huge quarters of orders, which looks like what was happening was people were deferring and drawing maintenance down.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Right. And could you remind us with Franke and Telair and Pexco, how quickly  or what contractual barriers there may be to your value-based pricing strategy coming into play? I mean, is it going to be a several quarter kind of ramp or how should we think about the phase-in there?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think Pexco will move relatively quickly. I think Franke will move relatively quickly though it's pretty small. Telair, I think we gave you some guidance on that, that one will move more slowly.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And last one, if you could just comment on the amortization we should anticipate going forward on a quarterly run rate basis?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. We said for the full year around $91 million. So, I'm assuming it would be probably in that $20 million to $25 million a quarter going forward  excuse me, $98 million,
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: $98 million.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ... excuse me, $98 million.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: $98 million...
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's including backlog.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Including backlog.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You'll get it in our guidance actually...
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And that does include depreciation, you've got depreciation and amortization.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, depreciation, amortization and including backlog at $98 million for the full year. So, you can probably model $25 a quarter.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And the actual amortization of intangibles?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's all of it.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's all of it. Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of David Strauss from UBS. Please go ahead.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Nick, I might have missed it but did you give what order activity looked like for the aftermarket in the quarter?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I did not. I said that it was running slightly ahead year-to-date. And I would say for the quarter, it was roughly flat. The orders were roughly flat. By orders I mean bookings quarter-to-quarter sequentially.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I would say  I'm trying to figure out this big jumble of numbers here sitting in front of me. The  yeah, up some over the previous Q3.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: So up a little bit year-over-year and flat sequentially?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, flat sequentially and up a little bit yeah, year-over-year in the quarter.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. The acquisitions, the couple you've completed here and the one still to go, how should we think about the margin potential of those businesses? I know the past couple of acquisitions you've done prior to this you talked about there wasn't a chance to get kind of the TransDigm average but how should we think about these recent acquisitions?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know where  let me run back through them, I'm not sure where we're starting with recent, but let's say the ones over the last 100 maybe days, which I presume that's what you mean, David.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Franke, I think a very good possibility. Pexco, I think very good possibility. Telair, probably not all the way there, but  for a number of reasons, but good growth but not  the margins won't get all the way there, I don't think. And PneuDraulics, since we don't own it, I'd rather not talk about it yet.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And going back to the aftermarket volume versus price. I mean, is it right to think about it, Nick, based on, looks like about 5%, 5-or-so percent pro forma aftermarket growth for the year that volumes have been relatively flat?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. We don't disclose the price, but it sure isn't very robust growth.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And I think you got it pretty well.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And, Terry, you talked about cash taxes, it looks like this year you're going to be kind of in the 20% cash tax range with the cash benefits  tax benefits from these two deals. Is that the right way to think about cash taxes going forward, probably in the 20% or so range beyond this year?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'm not sure. We'd like to forecast  give you that guidance out next year. What we have done is changed our guidance for this year down from last quarter. And the main reason for that is being driven by the timing of actually getting our refund from  we just filed our tax return. We expected it'd take a lot longer than we had planned in the forecast last quarter and we actually received it already and that makes up half the  approximately half the change from last quarter this year in cash taxes. We also had the foreign tax credit which we weren't expecting help reduce cash taxes and then the rate probably makes up a difference.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Another question on the aftermarket and maybe the answer to this question is obvious just looking at the words. But I just want to clarify, when you say proprietary and sole source, for each of those, does that mean that there is zero chance for competition from, let's say, retired aircraft or parts coming out of the secondary market or PMA or any alternative sources?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, there is proprietary and sole source that somewhat could clearly chop up an old airplane, take the part out, fix it up, and try and resell it. We don't see much of that, we don't believe primarily because the price points of what our parts tend to be, they tend to be lower than the food chain in pricing and usually not 100%, but usually not worth that. PMA activity is  I don't believe has changed much. It's quite modest. It's a very, very low percent of a penetration in our aftermarket, well down in the single-digits, and I don't think it's changed much over the last six years, seven years, eight years or 10 years.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe as a follow-up. I know we're probably a little early here to talk about next year. But if you roll up all your end markets and you think about a typical year with kind of typical economic growth, maybe it's 4% or 5% organic growth, and I think that's probably the assumption that you have based in your kind of return calculation. Is there any reason to think at this point that 2016 should be any different than that?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I just don't want get into speculating on 2016 yet. We'll give the guidance when we give it. And we hate to sort of paint ourselves in corners.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understand. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: How're you doing?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I'm doing well. How are you, Nick?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Fine.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: On the $24 million change at the midpoints of the revenue outlook, is that just purely what Pexco gives you in 4.5 months of contributing or is there some negative offset to that?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't  it is primarily Pexco. How many months that we have them?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It would be 4.5 months.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: 4.5 months. There may be some offset, Noah, but it's not significant.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Because if I just reverse engineer that  I mean, I don't know, I guess...?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You're not dividing by 4.5 months, all right, because that's far too complicated for us.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: What's that?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: You're not going to divide by 4.5 multiplied times 12, right, because that's far too complicated for us.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Well, I know, I mean, if you do that, I mean, I guess, it  maybe you could walk us through how it works with taking the tax benefit out of the purchase price. Because if I do take that number and apply it to  or make it a monthly number and multiply it by 12, it would imply you paid a pretty high revenue multiple for the business?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, I guess, that depends how you adjust for the tax benefit, right?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So how should I do that?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That depends how you adjust it for the tax benefit, I think.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. I mean, I'd just  so if I just take the 4.5 months...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: One sort of discount rate. And I know, Noah, you guys are investment bankers and you know a lot about discount rate.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. So is it fair to say you didn't pay a substantially different multiple than your historical range for this year?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes, when you adjust for the  make whatever adjustment you want to make for the tax benefit by however you want to discount that, the way we end up, we know we did not. We did not pay a significantly unusual. We do not pay particularly high multiple for it. We paid what we generally pay.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And the $24 million is almost entirely Pexco, maybe some rounding somewhere else?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, everybody is waving their hands at me now. There's some other round and some other things in there.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Are you specifically saying that you do see airlines destocking inventory right now for any specific reason or are you more just saying that what have to be the logical conclusion given...?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, we'd have to value deferrals of things  or the logical conclusion to me. I cannot  Noah, as you know, it's always tough to get us particular partner, particular group of airlines and say how many parts did you have last quarter and how many you got this quarter.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's more  I'm drawing logical conclusion.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I mean, if you do aggregate that globally, you can see in the first quarter that inventory has actually declined, so the trend line seem lower. I guess, I was hoping to ask you guys why, but it sounds like it's a bit of a mystery.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, it is. And the answer is I don't know. But I look across almost what everyone's reporting and I see the same thing.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Okay. And then, would you be willing to quantify what you expect the tax rate to be in the fourth quarter?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, I think what we've guided to the full year tax rate just under 31%, you can use that as your full year estimate and that's our guidance at this point in time.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, guys.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a quick follow-on to maybe other couple of questions that were asked before. But kind of broadly speaking, Nick, some of the more recent acquisitions that you've made have had a higher OE content versus aftermarket content. How do you think about that and how do you think about that in terms of just the portfolio programs you're on and just broadly when you think about doing M&A?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, our rule is always the same. We're looking for proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket. Now, we don't stick a stake in the ground and say exactly what significant means, but it has to be a meaningful part of the business and, more importantly, a meaningful part of the EBITDA that we think we can move. Our EBITDA content is somewhere around little over 50% now. I'd say most of the businesses we have bought have been in that range, or businesses that are somewhere in that range where we think we have a chance of getting them somewhere in that range.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay. And then maybe just one, change gears just a little bit, and these questions aren't coming up quite as frequently, but just curious. How has the Partnering for Success program at Boeing played out for you guys at this point?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So far fine. As you know, it's  this question has been asked before, we have the confidentiality agreement, so I can't talk about the details of it. But as I've also said that we're very value-driven. If we didn't think it was either even or somewhat value-accretive, we wouldn't do it.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call back over to Liza for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you, again, for participating in today's call and please look for our 10-Q that we expect to file some time tomorrow.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you very much and have a very good day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc. Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc. Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc. Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ken G. Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 TransDigm Group, Incorporated, Earnings Conference Call. My name is Crystal and I will be the operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2015 second quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Stein; our Senior Executive Vice President, Greg Rufus; and Terry Paradie, our new Chief Financial Officer. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC. These are available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, now let me turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning and thanks again to everyone for calling in to hear about our company. Today, I'll review as usual our consistent business strategy. I'll do an update on our recent acquisitions, I'll go through the financial performance and the market summary for both this quarter and year-to-date, I'll review our guidance for 2015, and also introduce Terry Paradie, our new CFO. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and in its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary engineered product and around three-quarters of our net sales from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over half our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability in the downturns. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins and relatively low capital requirements, TransDigm has year-in and year-out generated strong free cash flow. This gives us a lot of operating and capital structure flexibility. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple, well-proven value-based operating strategy based around our three value driver concepts, that is, steady cost reduction, profitable new business generation and value-based pricing. Three, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system with executives and senior managers who think, act and are paid like owners. Fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content where we see a clear path to PE, or private equity, like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as another means to create significant shareholder value. To remind you, we basically have four alternatives for capital allocations, and our priorities are typically as follows: First, invest in our existing businesses. Second, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy. These first two are almost always our preferred choices. Three, give extra back to the shareholders either through special dividends or stock buyback. And lastly, pay off debt. Given the low cost of debt, especially on an aftertax basis, this is likely our last choice in the current capital market conditions. With respect to financial capacity, we have about $390 million in cash, roughly $325 million in unrestricted undrawn revolver and additional capacity under our credit agreement. We ended the quarter with a net leverage of 6.1 times EBITDA, well below our credit agreement limit. At 3/28/2015, or in other words, at the end of the quarter, based on current capital market conditions and after all recently announced finance activities and M&A activities, including Pexco, we believe we have adequate capacity to make over $1.5 billion of additional acquisitions without issuing any more equity. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. Once again, this does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated acquisition levels for fiscal year 2015. As you likely saw, we recently closed on two transactions: the Telair cargo handling business for about $725 million, subject to certain adjustments, we closed this one right before the end of Q2, and the Franke aerospace faucet business for $75 million right after the end of Q2. Starting with the smaller of the two, on March 31, we closed Franke. This business fits well with our Adams Rite faucet business. It has substantial positions on most of the Airbus commercial transport platforms, while Adams Rite has similar positions at Boeing. The business is located near Berlin, Germany. We intend to relocate it to our Adams Rite business in Fullerton, California, over the next 12 months or so. This business is almost all proprietary, sole source and commercial aerospace with over 60% aftermarket. All in all, a good fit. On March 26, we closed on the purchase of the Telair Group of businesses for a purchase price of about $725 million. We financed this acquisition primarily through cash on hand. The Telair Cargo Group annual revenues are expected to be about $300 million with EBITDA margins approaching 20%. For the fiscal year ended 2015 (08:03) year-end 2015. Telair is a global leader in commercial transport OEM, onboard cargo loading and handling systems. Over 80% of the revenues are from commercial aerospace market with the balance from the military aero. Approximately 45% of the revenues come from the aftermarket, primarily commercial transport and commercial cargo aircraft. Over 90% of the revenues are from proprietary products with about 80% sold on a sole source basis. The business consists of three operating units: Telair Europe in Germany, Nordisk Aviation Products in Norway, and Telair U.S. Cargo Systems in North Carolina. The business employs just over 600 people in its various locations. The Telair Europe business in Miesbach, Germany, is the largest operating unit, accounting for roughly 60% of the revenues and a higher percent of the profit. It has long-standing relationships with Airbus and Boeing, resulting in a substantial installed base of systems worldwide, as well as positions on a broad range of new aircraft. They are the primary supplier of onboard cargo handling systems to Airbus commercial transports as well as Canadair and Embraer. Nordisk, located in Norway, is a market leader in air transport cargo containers and related items. Nordisk's products are in service with nearly every airline or freight company in the world. Nordisk will report to our AmSafe Cargo Containment Net business in UK. Telair U.S. is headquartered in Goldsboro, North Carolina, is also a supplier of onboard cargo handling systems and components for a variety of commercial and military platforms, including passenger to freighter conversions. Their largest platform is the A400M, the Boeing 767 freighters, aftermarket spares also and a bit of modification work make up much of the remainder of the business. At this time, we do not expect this business in total, that being the Telair business, can get up to the average TransDigm EBITDA margins. This is due to a number of factors including the more competitive Container business and certain contractual commitments on some of the businesses. As I mentioned in the press release, we currently anticipate that the run rate for revenue will be relatively flat for the first 12 months to 18 months of our ownership of Telair. This is due to a significant A400 shipments in fiscal year 2015 that may not fully repeat in our fiscal year 2016. This should be offset by market growth in other areas in fiscal 2016, the ramp up in A350 shipments, on which we have significant content, should begin to contribute meaningfully beyond that. As with all our acquisitions, we expect to generate private equity-like returns on these. Additionally, we recently announced the execution of an agreement to acquire Pexco from Odyssey Investment Partners for $496 million. This includes approximately $160 million of tax benefits spread over 15 years. We don't own this business yet, so we're very limited in what we can say, but we believe this will be a strong addition to our portfolio of companies. The company's revenues are almost 100% commercial transport aerospace. They are a major supplier of Boeing commercial transport airplanes for interior plastic extruded parts. The aftermarket is about 35% of the revenue today, but over the next five years it should expand to about 60%, as the high content 737 with Sky Interiors and the Boeing 787 continue to grow as a percent of the fleet. You may have seen, we also just announced a new financing of about $900 million. This is currently intended to be used to both pay for the Pexco acquisition and also general corporate purposes. Given the very strong credit market, we believe it makes sense to finance the deal this way, while maintaining substantial dry powder for future opportunities. As always, if we end up with more cash or capacity than we need, we'll consider other uses or capital allocations. I'd also like to introduce Terry Paradie, our new CFO. Terry is a great addition to our team. I'm sure most of you saw his background in our press release, so I won't repeat most of it. But Terry came to us from Cliffs National Resources most recently as CFO. And prior to Cliffs, he was a partner at KPMG. Greg Rufus will be around for another 15 months to 18 months to assist in the transition and other projects. Greg will do this earnings call and Terry will pick up the next. So if you have something negative or positive to tell Greg or to get out of your system, now is the time to do it. Turning to our second quarter of fiscal 2015 performance, I remind you, this is the second quarter. Our fiscal year started October 1. As I've said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, transient inventory fluctuations, modest seasonality and other factors. But the company's total GAAP revenues were up 5% versus the prior Q2 and up 8% on a year-to-date basis versus the prior year. Organic revenues were up about 3% on both a quarter-versus-quarter basis, as well as on a year-to-date versus year-to-date basis. Year-to-date bookings are running ahead of revenues in all major market segments. Reviewing revenues by market category and  as usual, that's on a pro forma basis versus the prior year Q2 and prior year-to-date, pro forma meaning, we own the same mix of businesses in both areas. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 1% versus the prior Q2 and 3% on a year-to-date versus prior year-to-date basis. On a year-to-date basis, this is driven primarily by commercial transport shipments being up around 5%. Our business jet OEM revenues were down in Q2. We believe this is just a timing issue. Business just bookings are running nicely ahead of shipments. Though much less revenue, the commercial helicopters, both shipments and bookings, are down substantially in the quarter. In the commercial aftermarket revenues, in total, the commercial transport segment was up about 9.5% on a Q2 versus prior year Q2 basis. But this was offset by a  or partially offset by a modest decline in the Business Jet/General Aviation business and again, though small in revenue, a very substantial decline in the commercial helicopter segment. Overall, our commercial aftermarket was up about 7% on a Q2 versus prior year Q2 basis and about 6% on a year-to-date basis. Bookings for the quarter and year-to-date are running ahead of revenues. Given the difficult comps in the back half of the year, soft business jet and a declining commercial helicopter revenues, unless we get a fourth quarter spike like we did last year, it'll be tough to get the high single digit growth for this year for the entire commercial aftermarket. Moving on to defense, which makes up about 30% of our revenue, defense revenues were up 2% versus the prior year second quarter and about the same 2% on a year-to-date basis. The results continue to be mixed across businesses. Bookings, however, ran well ahead of revenues on both a quarter and year-to-date basis. We should see some full year revenue upside here. Moving to profitability now, and on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The as-defined adjustments in Q2 were made up of non-cash compensation expenses and acquisition-related costs. Our EBITDA As Defined is about $288 million for Q2. This was up 10% versus the prior Q2, significantly more than the revenue. Year-to-date is $558 million and also up about 10% versus the prior year. The EBITDA As Defined margin was about 46.5% of revenue in the quarter and year-to-date. That was up 2% from the prior year Q2 and 1% from the prior year-to-date. The Q2 and year-to-date EBITDA margins without dilution from the impact of the two acquisitions we purchased in 2014, that is Airbus and EME  or Airborne and EME, we didn't buy Airbus, was approximately 48%. We expect this core group of businesses to be at about 49% for the full year. With respect to acquisitions, we've been busy, as I discussed. We continue looking at opportunities. We still see a reasonable amount of activity, but closings are always difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Moving on now to the 2015 guidance. Based on our current view of the business, excluding the Telair and Franke acquisitions, our full-year guidance for revenue and EBITDA As Defined remains generally unchanged. As I mentioned before, due to the tougher comps and other factors, we are concerned that the commercial aftermarket may fall a bit short of high single-digit growth. However, at this time, we think there is adequate upside in defense revenue and our overall EBITDA margins to offset any potential EBITDA impact. We are, however, adjusting our total company guidance upwards to reflect both our new acquisitions and a more favorable tax rate. As usual, our guidance does not include any additional acquisitions other than Telair and Franke, the ones we have closed. It does not include Pexco, since we have not closed that yet. Our revised guidance for the total company is as follows: revenue  and this is to the midpoint  is $2.68 billion, up about $140 million versus the prior midpoint; EBITDA as adjusted guidance is now $1.21 billion to the midpoint, up about $32 million versus the prior; EPS as adjusted guidance is $8.62 a share to the midpoint  that's up $0.46 to the midpoint from the previous guidance. Of the increase in adjusted EPS of $0.46 at the midpoint, the majority of the increase is from the recent acquisitions with much of the balance due to a more favorable tax rate. By market segment, excluding the most recent acquisitions, we are using the following assumptions. Commercial OEM, mid-single-digit growth. This is unchanged. Commercial aftermarket, mid-single-digit growth. This is modestly down from our prior guidance. Defense, low to mid-single-digit growth. This is modestly up from our prior guidance. As usual, we'll look at this again next quarter and update you if we see things changing. All in all, a good quarter. Our operating results were strong, we closed on two solid acquisitions and we expect Pexco to close soon. When Pexco closes, we will have invested about $1.3 billion in good solid aero businesses with strong value generation prospects over a 90-day period. And with that, let me hand this over to Greg.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks Nick. I'd like to correct one of Nick's earlier statements about our CFO transition. I'll only listen to the positive comments; the negative comments can go directly to Terry. I'm very pleased with the addition of Terry to our team and I can assure you we'll have a seamless transition. As disclosed in this morning's press release, our second quarter sales were $619 million and approximately 5% greater than the prior year. Our organic sales were approximately 3.5% higher than last year, primarily driven by growth in the commercial aftermarket, offset by lower growth rates in commercial OEM and defense. Our second quarter gross profit was $342 million, an increase of 11% over the prior year. The reported gross profit margin of 55.2% was three margin points higher than the prior year. Excluding all acquisition-related accounting adjustments, our gross profit margin in the business versus the prior-year quarter improved approximately two margin points. The operations continue to expand margins as a result of the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Also, there was a decrease in non-operating acquisition-related cost versus the prior year and this contributed an additional one margin higher to the reported margin. Selling and administration expenses were 12% of sales for the current quarter compared to 12.1% in the prior year. Excluding acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation expense, the SG&A expense was about 10.3% of sales compared to 10.5% of sales a year ago. Interest expense was $100 million, an increase of approximately $18 million or 21% versus the prior-year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $7.5 billion in the current quarter versus $5.7 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to the amount borrowed to fund the $25 per share special dividend paid in the third quarter of last year. Also in conjunction with that dividend, we refinanced $1.6 billion of existing notes to a lower interest rate. This refinancing helped lower our weighted average cash interest rate to 5.1% compared to 5.4% in the prior year. Our lower effective tax rate in the quarter was primarily due to the impact of our foreign earnings being taxed at a lower rate, resulting from the new structure formed in conjunction with the Telair and Franke acquisitions, as well as favorable discrete adjustments relating to finalizing our IRS audits for both fiscal years 2012 and 2013. We estimate that our current tax structure will help lower our effective rate. For fiscal year 2015, our effective tax rate will be below 32%. We now expect our cash taxes to be approximately $175 million for fiscal 2015. Our net income for the quarter increased $20.5 million or 23% to $110.9 million, which is 18% of sales. This compares to net income of $90.4 million or 15% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales, improvement in base margins, the decrease in acquisition-related costs and amortization expense and a lower effective tax rate. These items were partially offset by the higher interest expense just discussed. Our GAAP earnings per share was $1.96 per share in the current quarter compared to $1.49 per share last year. The current EPS growth of 32% is higher than net income growth due to the dividend equivalent payment made in the comparable quarter last year that did not repeat. Our adjusted earnings per share was $2.11 per share, an increase of 13% compared to $1.87 per share last year. Again, please reference table three in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP to adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity, first, I want to remind you that during the quarter, we paid $725 million for Telair and borrowed $75 million on our existing revolving credit facility as part of that transaction. After these activities, we ended the quarter with approximately $393 million of cash on the balance sheet. A few days after our quarter ended, we closed on the Franke acquisition and paid $75 million in cash. Adjusting our cash balance for the acquisition of Franke, our adjusted cash balance would be approximately $318 million. The company's net debt leverage ratio was 6.1 times our pro forma EBITDA As Defined, including both Telair and Franke, and gross leverage was 6.4 times on a pro forma EBITDA. As Nick mentioned, this morning, we announced our plan to finance $900 million worth of proceeds to be used to pay for the acquisition of Pexco for approximately $496 million and almost $400 million added to the balance sheet to be used for general corporate purposes. Assuming the completion of these transactions, and absent any further acquisitions or capital market transactions, we expect to end the year with over $900 million of cash on the balance sheet and our net leverage to be near 5.8 times pro forma EBITDA As Defined. With regards to our guidance, we estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $7.69. And as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the endpoint of our  or the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $8.62. The $0.93 of adjustments to bridge GAAP to adjusted earnings per share includes the following assumptions: $0.06 from the dividend equivalent payments, $0.41 from non-cash stock option expense and $0.46 from acquisition-related expenses. The large increase is due to the recent acquisitions of Telair and Franke. Just of note, both acquisitions just closed will require transition service agreements which will include certain accounting activities we will require from the sellers for a period after ownership. Because of this, we will be on a one-month reporting lag for both Telair and Franke. Our current plan is to have two months of activity in our third quarter results and catch up and have the four months of activity in our fourth quarter. Now, I'll it hand it back over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, guys. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I'd ask that you'd limit your questions to two per caller. If you have further questions, please re-insert yourself into the queue and we'll answer those as time permits. Operator, we are now ready to open the line.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Nick, and welcome, Terry and Greg. Thanks for helping us all this time and congrats on not having to put up with us anymore.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Not quite. He's got to hang around 15 months.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. I know. He just doesn't have to listen to us on this every quarter.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Still got to listen to Nick.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Couple of questions. One from a high level, Nick. When you look at the three recent transactions and compare them to some of the others you've seen, whether it's Airborne, EME, I wonder if you might compare and contrast those and how you feel about these. They certainly look like some of the transactions we've seen in the past, obviously, Franke and Adams Rite or Pexco and Schneller. I wonder if you might just give us some color about how you think about how you think about these acquisitions versus some of the others you've done in the past couple years.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, if I compare that to say Airborne, these are more right down the middle of the plate kind of acquisitions, proprietary, aerospace, commercial aerospace, kind of things. I would describe them as I think that's the best way to do it, right down the middle of the plate. I would say  which by the way is what Arkwin was like and what the GE business was like, which were the previous ones we bought. As I mentioned to you, I think there's the  let me stay off Pexco. I think that's just because we don't own it yet and we're restricted in what we can say.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's fair.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: But I think it's a significant value generator. The Telair one, I think there's good upside, though as I said, Carter, I don't know that it gets up to the average at least for the next three years or so. There's just some contractual issues there.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Are those basically agreed to long-term prices?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't want  I can't really talk  confidentiality agreements with your customers. But that'd be a pretty good guess. I don't know what else would do it.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, exactly. Just a quick follow-on. Last quarter, you talked about being some distributor destocking. I didn't know if you saw any more of that or if you were past that or...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't think we saw any meaningful change there this quarter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys, and congrats on the deals.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning Noah.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Greg, congrats on the retirement and the run you had here.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks. I feel old.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Can you guys walk us through why cash from ops was negative in the quarter and how you see it playing out the rest of the year?
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Terry, you want to handle this one?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, Noah, I think the biggest driver for cash from ops being negative is kind of three areas. There was a big income tax payment made during the quarter of over $80 million, as well as you're also seeing interest payments of over $140 million during the quarter and then just plainly the working capital changes during the quarter, which drove the negative cash from operations for the quarter. But it's just timing. I think we're comfortable and confident that we'll generate the planned free cash flow for the full year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And can you remind us what that plan is?
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, in my numbers, that by the end of the year, we'll now have $900 million in cash on the balance sheet.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Assuming we'll put $400 million from that financing....
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: That's right.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So $500 million without the financing, $400 million because we'll probably throw in there from the financing.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Can you tell us how much of the commercial OE and aftermarket revenues that you report are helicopter?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: It's a small  I don't know the exact percent. It's a small percent. It's surely in the single digits, well in the single digits. And the only reason that they register on the meter is because they drop off so much.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. And that's all oil and gas I assume?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think so. I think so. Nobody gives us a reason when they don't order, but that's surely what we surmise.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then in the full year commercial aftermarket growth target revision, is there any change to the large commercial aerospace piece of that?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know that I can call it exactly that close. I mean, clearly, the trends in the commercial transport look good. However, the comps get pretty tough. If you remember, the second half of last year was up 17%, 18%.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So the comps get tough. It's clearly going in the right direction. And absent anything else, it might well get there, but we're getting some down drags on the other pieces of it. And just when I'd put them all in a stew, it makes me feel like that high-single-digit number's a little risky. Now we get a spike like we did last year at the end of the year, we'll be fine, but that seems to me more of a sort of a hope than a plan.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to pick up on that cash flow question for just a second. So I think that the guidance had been $475 million. Cash taxes are now about $5 million lower and then you have another $32 million of EBITDA. So is free cash flow going to be closer to $500 million? Because if that's the case, it seems like your year-end cash balance should be closer to $1 billion than $900 million.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't reconcile all of the pieces, but I could tell you that our cash flow is what it is and our operating capital is pretty good. Our DSOs are in good shape, our inventory is in good shape. It's in the noise range, but we may spend like $10 million in transition service agreements, which wouldn't be part of the EBITDA, but that's only like $10 million with the two acquisitions. So I don't know to your starting point, or we have so many moving pieces with everything we just threw at you, but we think it's more like $900 million and everything's clicking in the right direction.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I just think we don't foresee any other acquisitions, we don't see any difference in our operations than we have...
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. No.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: ...on the cash generation.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: On the free cash flow side?
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, Greg, you also mentioned the tax structure improvements that you were making and it sounded like some of those may actually be more permanent and sticky. So is that 32%  I guess I couldn't quite discern what was discrete from prior years and what was more permanent in terms of tax structure going forward. So...
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, the discrete items were  we finished up an audit and did that. That was only $0.06, the discrete item.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Yeah.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And then as we go forward, we think the rate will be below 32%. Of this tax structure stuff, we won't give you an effective tax rate that we're going to forecast in 2016, but we think on an annualized basis, it's between $10 million and $12 million of tax savings from this restructuring  from this new structure we've set up with the former operations (37:36).
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Good deal. I'll take the two. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And congratulations on your retirement, Greg.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Nick, I thought we'd kick it off on the acquisition front. With Telair having a lower margin and Pexco having a higher percentage of OEM sales, does this indicate that you're not seeing as many of your classic targets out there as you maybe would have seen in the past?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know that I can say that. As I've always said, we're die everyday and the ones that look like they work, we take a swing at. I would say on aftermarket, Telair is a pretty hefty aftermarket. Franke's pretty hefty aftermarket. I think as we told you, the Pexco one is about 35% now, but just by natural occurrence, it's going to drift up to 60% just because the planes going in have much more content than the planes coming out. So I don't know that I would say that they're proprietary aerospace businesses with a fair amount of aftermarket. They don't  now, they see a clear path to that.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then second, you mentioned that bizjet aftermarket was a bit weak in the quarter. What's the driver of that? Is it lower flight activity or some destocking...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know enough  I really am not sure. I think it's a transient because the bookings look pretty good.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So we should expect that to accelerate maybe in the second half?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We give a guidance in total. We don't give it by each one of those segments. But with the bookings good, you would hope to see some pickup.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Okay. That's all from me. Thank you.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Welcome, Terry. Congrats, Greg.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thanks, Rob.
Terrance M. Paradie - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Nick, on helicopter, since it's so weak, is there a way to frame where it is relative to its peak and its trough? I mean, how much more downside could there be both OE and/or aftermarket?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't have the number in front of me, Rob. I don't think it's big enough to have a material impact on the business through the year, but it drops off enough it can sort of make some quarterly comparisons look funny. But I don't know the  as I sit here, I just don't know the exact numbers. It is far and away  it's way smaller than commercial transport as I'm sure you know and it is significantly smaller than business jet.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): But it could continue to impact? In other words, we could see similar commentary next time?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yes.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then going over to Telair and the three years till the margins  well, I want to make sure I understand you correctly. Are you saying you can get there eventually, it's three years away or you're not going to get there?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No. I'm saying right now, as I sit here today, we are not figuring we can get there. Now as contracts run out over time, our view on that may change, and hopefully  we tend to be somewhat conservative in our acquisition models, so hopefully we can do better. But we don't  we want to be sure we have a model that we can meet and get our PE-like returns without making too many wild assumptions. So, I'd figure it doesn't get there right now.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then just the last thing, on the air transport aftermarket, or large aircraft aftermarket, and your comments earlier, understanding part of it's helicopter, part of it's bizjet. But just what the airlines are doing, do you think that just flight activity is so robust that we've maybe seen a slower sales demand or spares sales demand than we might see at some point? You mentioned a spike last year. Is there a bow wave that might be out there?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I mean, you know that's always a possibility. Right? Because if you take the, probably the last couple quarters, add them up and adjust for price, it probably isn't quite keeping up with RPMs. Now you also have the confounding variable of the six months before that, it was up 18% or something like that.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): (42:29).
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. So I don't exactly know how to parse that out. But, Rob, clearly there's some chance. But as I said, if we get a fourth quarter spike like we did last year, all will be well, but we're just not figuring on that. Now whether that comes or it doesn't come along, will have no effect or impact on that. It either will or it won't.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks very much, Nick.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Herbert from Canaccord. Please proceed.
Ken G. Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good morning and congratulations, Greg, and welcome Terry again. Just wanted to first follow up on the defense market, if we could. Now, do you get a sense, Nick  I mean this is the second quarter in a row where you've talked about better bookings. Obviously, you raised the guidance a little bit. Have  you get a sense that we've hit an inflection point and this is sort of now what to expect moving forward? Or do you get a sense there's still some one-time issues perhaps that you're seeing in this market?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I'm very reticent to speculate on that since for the last three years or four years, I usually have been too pessimistic and it's done better. I will say, if you look through the data, it's still not clear. You got product lines all over the map: some up, some down, some sideways. I think I'd just have to stick with sort of the guidance we gave you. I feel pretty good looking six months out because our book  we've been shipping pretty well and our bookings are hanging in pretty well. I just  it's very difficult for me to speculate beyond that.
Ken G. Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I think the chances  let me back  I think if you asked me four years ago, me and many people would have said, you could be looking at a 25% dislocation. I don't  I think the risk of that is likely behind us.
Ken G. Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. So it sounds like, at least moving forward here, with the bookings you've seen, there's a little more confidence perhaps in the outlook than certainly  I mean, I know you outperformed relative to your pessimistic expectations. But it sounds like there's just more confidence or visibility in the business.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Surely for the next six months.
Ken G. Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. That's great. And if I could, just on the commercial aftermarket, did you see  throughout the quarter, did you see any trends where maybe the year started a little softer and picked up through March that's maybe continued into April? Or was there any noticeable difference coming out of, calendar-wise, coming out of the fourth quarter December into January within commercial, specifically on the transport side with commercial aftermarket purchasing?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, I don't think I can sort of slice the onion that thin. March always looks better to us because it's a five-week month for us in our accounting system.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Plus, we have all the holidays in the first quarter.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. In the first quarter, as you know, we're about eight to 10 days short on shipping days. So it always  the first quarter always looks a little worse. And the last quarter  the last month of each quarter looks good to us. Always looks good, because we're on a 4-4-5 schedule. So I don't know that I can parse that out and give you anything definitive.
Ken G. Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: All right. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: I'd just like to ask if you can comment on the M&A pipeline now. After all these deals, do you still have a number of such opportunities?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Well, one thing I can say for sure is the pipeline today has three less businesses in it than it had 90 days ago. I think that's about the only thing I can say with certainty. We're still active. We're still looking at things. I have no ability to predict whether we are done buying or not done buying here for the year. Obviously, we think there is  we don't think we're dead or we wouldn't be looking to borrow more than we need to pay out, but time will tell.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And could you comment  the comment on defense bookings up significantly. Was this pretty broad based? Before it was mostly Airborne Systems, right?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. I would say it is across businesses, though the Parachute business is the biggest pickup. That one's up very substantially. Others are up, but not to that degree. And it's still  I don't want to say it's a tide rising and all the ships are coming up still. I mean, it's still a mixed picture.
Gautam J. Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Ciarmoli from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning Mike.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Morning Mike.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Congrats, Greg. Maybe, Greg, just for clarity, the $900 million in financing, I'm assuming that's not embedded in the outlook and I think maybe even perhaps more so I'm asking on maybe the right interest expense for the year. I don't think you gave an interest level for the year.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: No, that's not embedded in the forecast right now. I mean, as a general rule until we actually own it, we don't put it in. We were just giving you a little color on leverage.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: So neither Pexco nor the additional debt. Neither one are in there.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Are in there. Right.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Just maybe on Pexco and Telair, is there any  you mentioned obviously the margins. Have both of those entities worked out their sort of Partnering for Success agreements with Boeing?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Pexco, yes. Telair is primarily an Airbus business.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: And they don't have the same situation at Boeing.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Okay. That's fair. And then just the last one maybe on Telair. Structurally, is it going to be harder to implement your value creation just given a lot of their European operations and labor laws there? And I guess maybe just an add-on to that, how much of a FX tailwind do you guys are going to pick up from Telair this year?
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know what the tailwind is on FX, but it's a tailwind, not a headwind obviously.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: I don't know exactly...
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah, yeah.
Gregory Rufus - TransDigm Group, Inc.: We're only putting on for half the year from when we bought it.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Yeah. And it's the change from when we bought it till the end of the year. A lot of the tailwind you saw already. So it isn't a big number. On the European productivity or cost situation, that's one that we understand we're in a different environment and I think we've  we hope we've reflected that appropriately. We're a little more conservative than we might be in a different situation.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. All right. That's all I had. Thanks, guys.
Nick Howley - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: And with no further questions, I would like to turn the call back over to Liza for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol - TransDigm Group, Inc.: Thank you for participating in this morning's call and please look for our 10-Q that we expect to file tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-01-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol - Manager of Investor Relations Nick Howley - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Greg Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Secretary
Analysts: Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Co. Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank Ken Herbert - Canaccord Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Joe Nadol - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the quarter one 2014 TransDigm Group Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Sally and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol from Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank you all that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2015 first quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley, Chief Operating Officers, Bob Henderson and Kevin Stein and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that the statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning and thanks again to everyone for calling. As usual, today, I will first review our consistent business strategy then I will go through our financial performance and some market summary for Q1 2015 and then just a few comments on our guidance for the full year. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize a few of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary engineered products and around three-quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over half of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA come from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability through the downturns. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins and relatively low capital expenditures, TransDigm has, year in, year out, generated very strong free cash flow. This gives us a lot of operating and capital structure flexibility. We follow a very consistent long-term strategy. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple, well-proven, value-based operating strategy focused around our three value driver concept. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system with executives and senior management who think, act and are paid like owners. Fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as another means to create shareholder value. To reiterate, we basically have four alternatives for capital allocations. Our priorities are typically as follows. First, invest in our existing businesses, second, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy, these two are almost always our first choices, third, give the extra back to shareholders either through a special dividend or stock buyback and fourth, pay off debt, though given the low cost of the debt, especially after tax, this is likely our last choice, particularly in current capital market conditions. With respect to financial capacity, we have a little over $1 billion of cash, roughly $ 400 million in unrestricted undrawn revolver and additional capacity under our credit agreement. We ended the quarter with a net leverage of 5.9 times EIBTDA, well below our credit agreement limit. At 12/27/14, or the end of the quarter, based on current capital market conditions, we believe we have adequate capacity to make over $2 billion of acquisitions without issuing additional equity. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated acquisition levels for 2015. We did not purchase any additional shares in Q1. Now turning to our Q1 2015 performance. Remind you, this is the first quarter of our fiscal year 2015. Our year started October 1. Q1 was relatively quiet. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by difference in the OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, transient inventory fluctuations, modest seasonality and other factors. But in any event, total GAAP revenues were up about 11% versus the prior Q1. Organic revenues were up about 3% on a first quarter versus prior year first quarter basis. Fiscal year 2015 Q1 revenues were right in line with our expectations of roughly similar percent relationship as 2014, that is about 23% of actual full year revenues. I would remind everyone, there are less shipping days in Q1 than any other quarter. Now, reviewing the revenues by market category on a pro forma basis versus the prior year Q1. By pro forma, I mean, if we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial markets, which make up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 6% versus the prior Q1. This is primarily driven by commercial transport OEM revenues, though a modest part of our business, our BizJet OEM revenues were up about 11% year-over-year, a bit higher than we have seen. I think this is just mostly timing. After a red-hot last six months of fiscal year 2014, total commercial aftermarket revenue growth slowed down some in Q1 of 2015. On a Q1 versus prior year Q1 basis, revenues were up 5% after year-over-year increases of around 16% in the second half of 2014. The revenue growth in Q1 versus the prior year was reduced about 1.5% to 2% by some distribution inventory movements. We could see a little more of this. Bookings for the quarter were modestly ahead of shipments in the commercial aftermarket. The defense markets, which make up about 30% of our revenues. Defense revenues were up 2% versus the prior year first quarter. The revenues were spotty by operating unit with no clear trends. First quarter defense bookings were up 23% versus the prior year Q1 and ran well ahead of revenues. The primary contributors were two large airborne specialty parachute orders. As always, we remain somewhat cautious about trends in the military market. All-in-all, we had no substantive variation from our revenue expectations for Q1. Now moving on to profitability and on a reported basis, again I am going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q1 were quite modest, made up of non-cash compensation expense and some acquisition costs. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $270 million for Q1 was up 11% versus the prior Q1. EBITDA As Defined margins were about 46%. The Q1 margins, without dilution from the impact of two acquisitions purchased in 2014, that is Airborne and EME Holding, was approximately 48% or up 2% versus Q1 of 2014 for the same mix of business. With respect to acquisitions, we continue actively looking at opportunities. The pipeline of possibilities is active with a fairly broad range of deal sizes. The closings have been slow. We have seen reasonable amount of activity recently but closings are always difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Now moving on to the 2015 guidance. Based on our current view of the markets we are not changing our full year guidance. We believe there could be some organic upside in the EBITDA. But we prefer to see a little more market strength before we make an adjustment. As usual, our guidance does not include any new acquisitions. To confirm the original market growth assumptions for year-over-year growth, commercial aftermarket, high single-digit percents, commercial OEM, mid single digits, defense about flat. In total, with some puts and takes, our markets look about as we anticipated three months ago. As usual, we will look at this again next quarter and update it if we see any changes. And with that, I will hand it over to Greg.
Greg Rufus: Okay. Thanks, Nick. Good morning. As we have said in the past and just to remind you again, all of my comments are on a GAAP reported basis, where Nick's comments were mostly on a pro forma basis. Sometimes, we do have minor differences in our explanations. As disclosed in this morning's press release, our first quarter sales were $587 million and 11% greater than the prior year. Our organic sales were 3% higher than last year, driven by growth in commercial aftermarket and commercial OEM offset with a modest decline in GAAP defense sales. Our first quarter gross profit was $321 million, an increase of 13% over the prior year. The reported gross profit margin of 54.7% was one margin point higher than the prior year. A decrease in non-operating acquisition related cost versus the prior year contributed to the higher reported gross margin. Margins in the current quarter were also negatively impacted by approximately two margin points due to acquisition mix from Airborne and EME. In other words, excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margin in the remaining business versus the prior year quarter improved approximately two margin points. The base businesses continued to expand margins as a result of the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Selling and administrative expenses were 11.5% of sales for the current quarter compared to 10.8% in the prior year. The current quarter was running a little higher than the prior period, primarily due to higher run rate as a percent of sales from our recent acquisitions. Interest expense was $99 million, an increase of approximately $18 million or 23% versus the prior-year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $7.5 billion in the current quarter versus $5.7 million in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to the amount borrowed to fund the $25 per share special dividend paid in Q3 of last year. Also, in conjunction with the dividend, we refinanced $1.6 billion of existing notes at a lower interest rate. This refinancing helped lower our weighted average cash interest rate to 5.1% compared to 5.4% to the prior year. Our effective tax rate was 32.6% in the current quarter compared to 33.6% in the prior year. The lower effective tax rate in the quarter was primarily due to the retroactive reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. We still expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be around 33% and our cash taxes to be approximately $180 million. Our net income for the quarter increased $9.4 million or 11% to $95.5 million, which is 16% of sales. This compares to net income of $86.1 million in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales, the decrease in acquisition related costs and amortization expense and a lower effective tax rate. These items were offset with the higher interest expense just discussed. GAAP earnings per share was $1.63 per share in the current quarter compared to a $1.44 per share last year. The current earnings per share growth of 13% is higher than net income growth due to lower weighted average shares outstanding resulting from repurchasing over 900,000 shares last year and slightly lower dividend equivalent payments made in the current year versus last year. Our adjusted earnings per share was $1.80 per share, an increase of 8% compared to $1.66 per share last year. Again, please reference Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP to adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. We ended the quarter with over $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. The company's net debt leverage ratio was 5.9 times our pro forma EBITDA As Defined in gross leverage was 6.8 times pro forma EBITDA. We still expect to generate $475 million of cash in the current year and expect our September 30, 2015 year-end net leverage to be in the 5.2 times EBITDA As Defined or de-levering approximately one full turn on a net basis. Before I hand it over to Liza to kick off the Q&A session, I would like to inform you that we will be filing our Q this upcoming Friday.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. Operator, we are now ready to open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from the Royal Bank of Canada. Go ahead, Robert.
Robert Stallard: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Greg Rufus: Good morning.
Nick Howley: Hi, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Nick, I was wondering if we could kickoff with your thoughts on the debt market here, whether you are seeing any opportunities to raise debt at more attractive rates than what you have seen in recent history? And then also your follow-on from that, your thoughts on deploying that as a special dividend?
Nick Howley: Yes. The debt market first. As I think you know, the recent history, the last round of financing we raised what was that? Nine months ago or something?
Greg Rufus: It was back in June.
Nick Howley: Yes. I mean that was pretty darned attractive rates. I think those, particularly the bonds, are selling actually at just a hair under par, which would tell me that the rates are very, very, very close to what they are now. That market got a little bumpy but I think it's reasonably stable now. So I think if we went out today, we could raise money today. I don't know what tomorrow would be, but I think if we went out today we could probably raise money at very comparable rates to what we did six or nine months ago. Let me just presume that we had roughly the same leverage levels. As far as capital deployment, I think we will address that as the year proceeds. We have a fair amount of acquisition, I would say, activity we are working on and we probably will let them play out a little bit before we make a decision on capital allocation.
Robert Stallard: Great and then as a follow up, you mentioned about some issues in the distribution channel in the aerospace aftermarket. I was wondering if you could elaborate on what you think might be going on there?
Nick Howley: I think they probably got a little held in terms of the ordering at the end of last year. You know that we ran 15% and 18%. We also moved a few distributors around which might have influenced it a little bit. I don't take a whole lot from that. But I just thought it was worthwhile data point to let people know.
Robert Stallard: Okay. That's great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Co. Go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
Greg Rufus: Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I just wanted to ask if you could elaborate on the defense bookings comment. You mentioned the two parachute orders and what was the trend if you X that out? Was it a book-to-bill of around one? Or any comment there?
Nick Howley: I don't remember the book. There's a couple of things. If you want to normalize it, if you go into the previous first quarter, we had some of those big Tarian shipments, if you remember them. So you almost have to normalize them both out and I don't think if you normalize both of those, I don't think the organic growth is that much different, whether you put it in or take it out on sales, on revenues. On the bookings, the big difference is if you may or may not recall, the first quarter of last year, things looked pretty ugly in the parachute business. But that has really started the book up. We have got some quite big orders dropped in. We have some more just cooking away. So that business is whereas we were a bit concerned six months into it, we are starting to feel significantly better now about it. I hope that answers [ph] your question.
Gautam Khanna: Okay.
Nick Howley: So I think when you normalize the revenues, the answer doesn't change a whole lot. If you normalize it for things in both quarters.
Gautam Khanna: Okay and could you give us -- you mentioned this pipeline of opportunities being active in the M&A pipeline? Can you give us some sense for what kind of things you were seeing international versus domestic whether you are seeing more in defense or commercial and relative sizes? Any way to kind of?
Nick Howley: I would say, the sizes are roughly comparable to what we have seen before, though I have to say we have seen a few of little more sizable. I don't mean in the $3 billion, $4 billion range, but a little more sizable. If you pull those couple out, the rest are more in the normal kind of things we see. We clearly continue to see more European activity than we have in the past. And I would say most of what we are looking at, not all but most, is commercial rather military.
Gautam Khanna: Okay and are most of these privates? Or are they --
Nick Howley: Range, the usual range of suspects. Private, strategic and PE
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Thanks a lot. I will get back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is actually Joe, on for Rob. Thanks for taking the question. Nick, I wanted to ask on BizJet OE and recognizing it is a small part of commercial OE but what's driving that big uptick in BizJet OE? Are there any particular platforms where you are seeing that strength?
Nick Howley: First of all, it is pretty broadly distributed across the platforms. I wouldn't draw much from that, other than it is just timing. You know, as everybody knows, the bigger, more expensive ones are doing a little better than the lower priced ones and we are reasonably represented in that. But I don't mean to imply anything as far as the production rate forecast for business jet OEM. I think it is just timing, just when the shipments happen to fall.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you. I will jump back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Rufus: Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: I wondered if you could maybe help us out with how aftermarket averages something greater than 10% the rest of the year to get to your full-year guidance, just because the quarter at 5% and it seemed like end market conditions were reasonably strong in the quarter. I know you pointed out the distributor item but even if I adjust for that.
Nick Howley: Yes. That's not a lot.
Noah Poponak: Not a lot. So help us out with what changes in that growth rate through the rest of the year?
Nick Howley: I believe, Noah, that's a leading question. I believe to make it through the year, we will have to see pickup in the back-half of the year, to state the obvious.
Noah Poponak: So what changes in the actual end market? Because the comps get more difficult. It doesn't seem like traffic would accelerate. IT seems like you would almost have to be counting on airline inventory restocking or some deferred maintenance opening up or something else idiosyncratic to the company.
Nick Howley: I would say, as I said, if you look at the balance of the year, if I had a handy cap or guidance, I am going to take our guidance on EBITDA, which all of you know is the bps guidance too, I would say there's probably some uncertainty around the commercial aftermarket. Clearly, it has to pickup in the second half of the year. We were sort of halfway through the year last year with the same concern and then in the last six months we got pretty strong. I am not prepared at this point to say that the numbers we have been using are not good. I think there is some reasonable chance. But it clearly is a little bit of a stretch each quarter that goes by. On the other hand I think the defense, we probably could be conservative and I think we could be a little conservative on the margins. So sort of like the putting them all in the stew, it looks to me like there's probably a little more up and down at this point in the guidance. But I can't tell you I am absolutely sure about one segment versus the other, but hopefully you have got the sense.
Noah Poponak: Okay and then maybe following on that, Nick, I wondered if you might provide your view on what you think lower oil means for the industry? It would seem like that could potentially help the aftermarket, but it sounds like others are saying, at least, that it's not quite yet? And it seems like it could potentially stretch out the replacement decision for an airline. Anything you are already hearing and seeing or anything you think could happen as a result?
Nick Howley: I think, Noah, probably the same things you hear and see and surmise. First I would say, I think the oil prices have to stay down for a longer period of time to change anyone's behavior substantively. They have got to work out through the hedges or buy them out or something. And I don't think this is enough time to change people's thought patterns or behavior patterns. Now if it does, there are two schools of thought. As you know, on the one hand, if you fly all planes all the planes longer, that's better for the aftermarket. If you pull them out of the desert or if you keep flying them more hours, which you would tend to do, if you have lower prices, that's good. On the other hand, I will say, historically if fuel prices go down, then the airlines get profitable. Right or wrong, historically, when they make money, they start buying new airplanes. So that's sort of the counterbalance. At this point, I don't know how to call that, other than to say, it's something we have got to watch closely. But I suspect it takes a longer period of time for anyone to change their thought pattern.
Noah Poponak: So you haven't actually yet seen any real behavioral change?
Nick Howley: No. We have not.
Noah Poponak: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Go ahead, sir.
Lou Taylor: Yes. Hi. This is actually Lou, on for Myles. How are you guys doing?
Greg Rufus: Okay.
Nick Howley: Good.
Lou Taylor: Just a quick question. The cash flow was very strong in the quarter. Anything in particular to drive that? It's not usually the strongest quarter.
Greg Rufus: You are right. In the first quarter, first our quarter effectively ended December 25 and we didn't have any principal and paid almost no income taxes. So it was timing. That's why in my comments, I said we still expect to get the same amount by the end of the year because we have little bit of outflow for those payments in the second quarter.
Lou Taylor: I know it looked like working capital was a boost as well?
Greg Rufus: Well, I don't know what you mean when you say a boost. Can you expand on that?
Lou Taylor: It was $65 million. Prior years it was more of a use of cash.
Greg Rufus: Okay. Well, when I look at the working capital, when I look at operating, I look more at my DSOs and my inventory turns and they were well behaved versus our expectations. Sometimes when you look at the GAAP numbers it can get distorted with some acquisition accounting.
Nick Howley: The big numbers, Greg, are the timing.
Greg Rufus: The timing.
Nick Howley: So you didn't have an interest payment there.
Greg Rufus: That's right. There was a cutoff of it.
Lou Taylor: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert from Canaccord. Go ahead, Ken.
Ken Herbert: Hi. Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Ken Herbert: I wanted to first ask about Airborne and EME. It's been over a year for Airborne and almost a year for EME. Are these following sort of a trajectory in terms of margin improvement as you expected? Or is it maybe a little slower than expected, considering still sort of a two point of gross margin impact we saw from acquisition? Did I get it? It's all the related expenses, but how are these tracking relative to your expectations?
Nick Howley: Let me deal with them in two pieces. Airborne first. As you probably know, for the first year of ownership, Airborne was, frankly the revenues and bookings were lower than we expected and concurrently the EBITDA was little lower. However in 2015, it's starting off well. Our present expectation is that for this year, it will be at or above our expectations at the time we bought it. I remind you that both Airborne and EME, as we said when we bought them, we sort of had to buy these right. These are not businesses that are going to get the typical TransDigm margins. They will move up. And they are moving up, but they won't get to those kind of margins. We bought them at substantially below the margins we typically buy things. But we saw plenty value there. EME is again moving up. We bought that at a sub-20 or significantly kind of EBITDA margin. That is moving up reasonably nicely. Again it will never get up to full year 50%, but it's moving up significantly. It's a small business. So it's never going to move the average much. Dollar wise, it's also going to be impacted by the exchange rate situation. It's a Euro business. So the actually dollars have been knocked down on the conversion, though the margin is moving up reasonably well.
Ken Herbert: Okay. That's helpful.
Nick Howley: That was never going to move anything. That's never going to move anything.
Ken Herbert: Yes. It's a smaller deal. I guess, with EME in particular, being obviously based in Europe and in Germany, in particular, currency risk aside, because who knows about that, but has your experience with that acquisition changed your appetite at all for European transactions? Maybe you opened it up a little bit? Or is there anything we could infer from just your experience now almost a year in with EME that might alter your thinking as you review European --
Nick Howley: We feel okay about that. I think we feel okay about it. We see acquisitions with the right value proposition. We feel fine about them. I would remind you, we have a business in Belgium. We have a business in Germany now. We have a couple of businesses in U.K. that were operating. So we have, I would say in general, not 100%, but mostly our experiences has been positive.
Ken Herbert: Okay. That's good. And then just finally, just to follow up on the commercial aftermarket discussion. To your comment, Nick, that in an environment like this when the airlines have better visibility on profit, you are maybe not seeing utilization change in terms of the older aircraft or pulling them out of the desert or anything. But does their willingness to spend on new aircraft translate to the aftermarket environment either in terms of, maybe they might take a different approach, the airlines, different approach to their own working capital, their own inventory levels, their safety stocks, et cetera? Do you expect, perhaps, to see that as we go through the year, assuming ongoing lower crude prices?
Nick Howley: Typically, we have. Typically that's what happens, as you know. When they start to be profitable and they get money, they start buying more. Start buying more everything, airplanes, parts, everything. I can't say we have seen it yet, but that would be a not atypical pattern. As I said before, I don't think this situation of these low significant drop in fuel prices has been in there long enough that it's changing people's behavior yet.
Ken Herbert: Okay. All right. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli from KeyBanc. Go ahead, sir.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Nick, maybe just back on defense. It clearly sounds like you have got some, the orders you were waiting for on the Airborne side and I am just curious, were you guys expecting those orders to come in when you laid out your initial guidance? I know you talked, maybe there was potential upside to defense this year, but I am trying to get a sense of whether or not the Airborne order flow was baked into this year's outlook.
Nick Howley: We definitely had an increase in this year's outlook for Airborne. We expected a pickup.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay.
Nick Howley: And at least first, one quarter end, it's looking quite strong and the pipeline looks strong.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay.
Nick Howley: I don't want to start to pull out our full year's guidance between operating units, but it surely makes us feel better rather than worse.
Michael Ciarmoli: Sure and then what about just broad commentary about your remaining traditional military aftermarket activity? Are you seeing any movement there? I know there are some other companies expecting aftermarket to begin picking up here. Are you seeing any changes in purchasing pattern from the DoD or any discernible trends?
Nick Howley: I honestly can't say we have. I also am getting a little resistant to predict this. The only thing I can say with certainty is every time I tried it, it was wrong. By the way, we are on a little on the upside, thank God, but I can't say. It's mixed. If you look across our operating units, it's mixed.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay.
Nick Howley: I don't know that I can give you a clear pattern or region for that. Other than in the parachute business, we know we had some big international orders [indiscernible].
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. That's fair and last one. I don't know if you have color on this, but now that the A350 has been delivered, any kind of change in the view there on initial provisioning? I know there probably aren't too many airlines getting that platform this year, but any color on that? Could that be additive to this year or is that more going to be a --
Nick Howley: Yes, Michael, we are not figuring on any. Could it be? Yes, yes, maybe.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay.
Nick Howley: But we are not figuring it in our guidance or numbers. We are not figuring.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. Perfect. That's all I had. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Joe Nadol from JPMorgan. Go ahead, Joe.
Joe Nadol: Hi. Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning, Joe.
Greg Rufus: Good morning.
Joe Nadol: I had a question. You mentioned that you didn't buy back any stock in the quarter and the last few quarters you have been buying back some stock. What caused you to hold back in the quarter?
Nick Howley: What caused it? I don't know anything particular. We sort of bought up what we planned to buy up and we reauthorize more, but we just decided not to do it. I don't know that there's -- I wouldn't take too much out of that. But we bought quite about 900,000 or so shares.
Greg Rufus: More unusual if we bought.
Nick Howley: Yes. It was more unusual if we bought them. We didn't buy. So we sort of bought up about what we had in mind to buy and we stopped.
Operator: Joe's line has disconnected.
Nick Howley: Is that the end? We cut everybody off?
Liza Sabol: Operator?
Operator: No, it's only Joe's line.
Nick Howley: Okay. So we lost him.
Operator:
Liza Sabol: Okay. If there are no further questions, we thank you all for calling in today and look for our 10-Q to be filed on Friday, as Greg mentioned. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-11-13 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol -  Walter Nicholas Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sheila, and I'm your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed ma'am.
Liza Sabol: Good morning, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2014 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Good morning, and thanks, everybody, for calling in this quarter to hear about our company. Today, I'll start off with comments, as usual, about our consistent strategy, then an overview of a busy fiscal year '14, our financial performance and market summary for '14 and initial guidance for fiscal year '15. A fair amount to cover here today. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products, and around 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over 1/2 of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability in the downturns. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins and relatively low capital expenditures, TransDigm has, year in and year out, generated strong free cash flow. This gives us a lot of operating and capital structure flexibility. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple, well-proven, value-based operating strategy based on our 3 value drivers concept. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system with executives and senior management who think, act and are paid like owners. Fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content where we can see a clear path to private equity-like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as another means to create shareholder value. We have been in the past, and continue to be, willing to lever up where we either see good opportunities or view our leverage as suboptimum for value creation. In keeping with that philosophy, we returned about $1.6 billion to the shareholders in fiscal year 2014, primarily in the form of a $25 per share special dividend and some related payments, and also a modest share buyback. This total payout was about 20% of the market equity value at the start of fiscal year 2014. As part of this effort, we successfully refinanced our capital structure and borrowed approximately $3.4 billion. Almost 1/2 of this was used to pay the dividend I previously mentioned. The majority of the balance we used to refinance the 7 3/4% bonds to reduce the interest expense, extend the maturities and increase flexibility. In deciding to pay out another special dividend this year, as usual, we looked closely at our choices for capital allocation. To remind you, we basically have 4, and our priorities are typically as follows: one, invest in our existing businesses; second, make accretive acquisitions, consistent with our strategy, and these 2 are almost always our first choices; three, giving the extra back to the shareholders either through a special dividend, most often or, at times, a stock buyback; and last, pay off debt, though given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this is likely our last choice in current capital market conditions. After paying the most recent special dividend, buying back about $160 million of our stock, making 2 acquisitions for $310 million, we still closed fiscal year 2014 with $820 million in cash, about $400 million in unrestricted and undrawn revolver and additional capacity under our credit agreement. We ended the year with a net leverage of about 6.2x EBITDA. At 9/30/14, based on current capital market conditions, we believe we have adequate capacity to make over $2 billion of acquisitions without issuing additional equity. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated acquisition levels for fiscal year 2015. Interestingly, since the beginning of fiscal year 2013, we have returned about $3.6 billion or almost 50% of the market equity at the start of fiscal year 2013 to the shareholders. In that same time frame, we made 5 acquisitions for a little under $800 million, we fully supported our existing businesses and maintained a healthy cash balance and significant dry powder for acquisitions. As you may have seen, we announced a few significant management changes recently. Ray Laubenthal decided to retire after 21 years with TransDigm. Ray has been involved in most major decisions and activities with me at TransDigm since the formation of the company. He has been a key part of building the company. Ray remains a significant investor in TransDigm, and we intend that he will move to the board early in calendar year 2015. The board and I regularly discuss succession planning for the CEO, senior executives and key operating unit managers. It's an essential part of our long-term value generation efforts. As we reflected on our growth -- as we reflected on our growth in long-term succession planning, the board and I thought that it would be advisable to add a few additional high-caliber executives to our senior management team. In keeping with that plan, we hired Kevin Stein to be a Chief Operating Officer of our power segment. This segment makes up about half of our business. Kevin is an impressive senior aerospace executive with extensive operating experience. He comes from Precision Castparts, an aerospace company I respect. It's well managed and has consistently generated substantial shareholder value. We gave some additional background on Kevin in the recent 8-K and press release. Kevin is a high-caliber upwardly mobile addition to our management team. He's coming into a job that will allow him to quickly learn both our business and also contribute meaningfully to our value generation activity. Additionally, Bob Henderson, the new COO of the company's airframe business group, has been a key member of our team for the last 20 years. Bob has also been a significant partner in the company's growth and brings a unique understanding of our culture, history and value creation process. Bob has been closely involved in most major decisions and activities at TransDigm for many years. He's been an Executive Vice President for years and responsible for a broad range of the company's businesses and many acquisition integrations. As you may know, I have recently extended my contract through 2019. TransDigm has no mandatory retirement age nor do we have any specific timing for me to transition out of the CEO role. My contract does have a mechanism for me to become an active executive chairman, if that is appropriate at some time. At such time, as my transition to Executive Chairman becomes appropriate, we will pick the best available internal or external candidate for the CEO job. To be clear, we have no fixed time schedule for CEO transition nor have we settled on a specific successor. Now to summarize fiscal year 2014. 2014 was a busy year. As I said, we raised and distributed significant amounts of capital. We acquired Airborne Systems and EME for $310 million, and we continued the integration of our various other acquisitions. All the while, we contribute to generate real, intrinsic value in our new and existing businesses and create shareholder value. Turning to our 2014 performance. I'll remind you, this is the fourth quarter and full year summary for fiscal year 2014. Our fiscal year ended in September 30, 2014. As I've said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in OEM, aftermarket mix, large orders, transient inventory fluctuations and modest seasonality and other factors. But after a bumpy 2013, the commercial aftermarket recovered nicely in 2014. The total company GAAP revenues were up 19% versus the prior Q4 and 23% on a full year basis. Organic revenues were up 10% on a quarter-versus-quarter basis and 8% on a full year growth basis. Reviewing the revenues by market category. Again, on a pro forma basis versus the prior Q4 and prior full year -- this is Slide 5, by the way. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 7% versus the prior Q4 and 8% on a fiscal year basis. This is primarily driven by commercial transport OEM revenues, which were up 12% on a full year basis. The commercial transport growth primarily reflects increasing production rates. Biz jet, helicopter and GA revenues were, in total, about flat year-over-year. After a softer 2013, total commercial aftermarket revenues recovered well in fiscal year '14. On a Q4 versus prior Q4 basis, revenues were up 18% and up 12% on a full year basis. For both the fourth quarter and the full year, commercial transport aftermarket revenues were up even higher percentages. However, this was offset by biz jet, helicopter and GE aftermarket revenues -- Oh, I'm sorry, biz jet, helicopter and GA aftermarket revenues, which were up only very slightly. Sequentially, revenues were up modestly. The defense market, which makes up about 30% of our revenue. Defense revenues were about as anticipated. Revenues were up 3% versus the prior year fourth quarter and roughly flat on a fiscal year versus fiscal year basis. Excluding Airborne, defense revenues were up 6% for the full fiscal year. Defense revenues were spotty by unit. With no clear trends, though more were up than down. Fourth quarter defense bookings were down significantly versus the prior Q4. Year-over-year bookings were about flat. We saw weak Q4 military bookings in most of our operating units. Though the world doesn't seem safe, given the -- doesn't seem too safe, given the uncertain political situation and the lumpy bookings, we remain cautious about trends in the military. In total, for fiscal year '14, our revenues for commercial aftermarket ended up a little better than we expected, while the commercial OEM and military revenues were about the same as we expected at the start of the year. Moving on now to profitability and, on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q4 were noncash compensation expenses and some acquisition-related costs. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $291 million for Q4 was up 17% versus the prior Q4. On a full year basis, our EBITDA As Defined was $1.07 billion or up 19% from the prior year. The EBITDA margin was about 40 -- As Defined was about 45% of revenue for both Q4 and the full year. The full year margin, without dilution from the impact of the 5 acquisitions purchased in '13 and '14, was approximately 48% or up 1% versus fiscal year '13. With respect to acquisitions, we continue actively looking at opportunities. The pipeline of possibilities is active. The closings have been slow. We have seen a fair amount of activity recently, but the closings are always difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation that meets our tight criteria. Moving now on to 2015 guidance, and I believe this is Slide 6. Once again, the military situation is unclear. I know that sounds like a broken record, but that's how we see it. The commercial aftermarket appears to recovery -- to be recovering nicely as we head into 2015. This is our best current estimate. As you know, we'll update this as the year proceeds. But based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions in fiscal year 2015, guidance is as follows. The midpoint of the 2015 revenue guidance is $2.53 billion or up about 7% on a GAAP basis year-over-year. The fiscal year 2015 Q1 is currently anticipated to be lower than the other quarters, roughly in similar percentage relationship as fiscal year '14. The midpoint of the 2015 EBITDA As Defined guidance is $1.17 billion or about 46.5% of revenues. That is up 9% in total year-over-year. We anticipate EBITDA margins will move up throughout the year as we've seen in previous years. The base business, that is, excluding the same 5 most recent acquisitions I talked about just a minute ago, is anticipated to achieve an EBITDA margin of a little over 49% or up a bit over 1 point. The midpoint of the EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be $8.16 a share or up 5% versus the prior year. This is negatively impacted primarily by higher interest rates and, to a lesser degree, the higher tax rates. Greg will go through some of the details with you on that. On a pro forma or same-store basis, this guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions. Commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the high single digits based on worldwide RPM growth in the 4% to 5% range. We're a little cautious here due to both tough comps as the year proceeds and also some pretty heavy buying in the second half of fiscal year 2014. The defense and military revenue is estimated, again, to be about flat versus 2014. We'll continue to evaluate this as the political situation unfolds. Given the world events, there could clearly be some variation here, but recent bookings have been broadly weak, and the military and political situation is unclear. In summary, this all leaves us pretty uncertain. The commercial OEM revenue growth is anticipated to be in the mid-single-digit percent range primarily due to the 2015 and '16 commercial transport production rates. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have almost $1.3 billion in cash, a $400 million undrawn revolver at year-end 2015. Again, assuming no acquisitions or other capital structure activity, our net leverage is anticipated to be about 5.2x EBITDA at the end of '15. We also have additional capacity under our credit agreement. In summary, 2014 was a good year. I'm confident with our consistent value-focused strategy and strong mix of business, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. And now let me hand this over to Ray who will discuss some operating high points of fiscal year 2014. And Ray will also sign off. To quote a famous politician, after this call, "You won't have Ray Laubenthal to kick around anymore."
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total, we had a good fourth quarter and a good finish to another very busy year. The consistent application of our value drivers and the successful integration of our recent acquisitions continue to add solid value to TransDigm. Let me explain in a little more detail our fiscal 2014 and fourth quarter operational value creation. Although the commercial transport market is on the upswing, we've continued to tightly manage our cost structure, and we were able to continue to reduce our pro forma total headcount. Our continuing productivity efforts include consolidating certain acquired manufacturing operations, strategically sourcing material from efficient domestic and offshore sources, moving various manufacturing operations to Mexico, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and China facility and investing in our existing manufacturing facility, keeping them up to date and productive. 2014 was also another record year for new business orders. We continue to provide innovative new business solutions to our broad customer base. We have successfully expanded our platform content with significant new business in both the commercial and military markets. I would like to briefly highlight one of the significant new business programs we were awarded during the second half of 2014. In the commercial transport market, we have continued to provide engineered solutions and expand our content on the new platforms. On prior calls, I spoke in detail about our new business awards on the A350 program. Those design programs have continued to progress well, and we are now bidding on and developing engineered products for the new engine options on the Airbus and Boeing fleet. On the A320neo, our Arkwin unit's providing the engine fans, cowl latches and engine nacelle hold-open rods. Our Harco group is providing the engine fan case temperature sensors. Our Champion aerospace group is providing the ignition system on the Pratt & Whitney PurePower PW1100G geared turbofan engine option. And on the 737 MAX, Hartwell is also developing the engine nacelle latches and thrust reverser latches. They're also developing the pressure relief doors for the engine pilot [ph]. And on the 777X, it's in the early stages, and we're quoting many of the similar engine-related accessories, power products and engine nacelle and cowling latches and hinge applications as listed above. We're being told by Boeing and Airbus -- we're being told, Boeing and Airbus are targeting to primarily just upgrade the existing Boeing 737, Boeing 777 and the A320 platform with more fuel-efficient engines. We expect the vast majority of the airframe configuration to remain the same as the legacy aircrafts. That being said, we expect our numerous existing engineered product applications on those platforms to remain in place and our shipset content to remain stable or increase modestly. Also, during the second half of fiscal 2014, we continued to supply the commercial airlines with interior upgrades. Our Schneller unit recently was awarded Boeing 777 cabin interior laminates and seat laminate refurbishments at KLM, Air France, Singapore Airlines and China Eastern. Our AmSafe unit continued to get new applications of their airbag seatbelt restraint system primarily used in the first class and business sections when the new seat configurations are pivoted or angled. And our Bruce lighting group has been awarded energy-efficient, bi-color LED lighting at Delta on their Boeing 737 and 757 fleet. They're also providing new LED cabin lighting at Swissair and Canada Jet Airlines -- CanJet Airlines, excuse me. In the military market segment, our Arkwin unit was awarded the hydraulic system reservoir for the upper and lower rotors on the new joint multi-role helicopter that Boeing and Sikorsky are designing. On the predator drone, our Aero Fluid Products group was awarded the extended range fuel valves. On the C-130J, our Avionic Instruments unit is supplying an upgraded regulated transformer rectifier unit and also a frequency converter system to supply hospital-grade 230-volt electrical power for essential airborne medical equipment. And our recently acquired Airborne North America unit was awarded the reentry vehicle parachute system on the Boeing commercial crew transport capsule. They also continue to receive large orders for their new T-11 and MC-6 military parachutes. The normal progression of their product sales are, first, to the U.S. government, which occurred in prior years, and then they roll out their products to our allies. So far this year, Israel, India and Jordan all placed orders for the T-11 and MC-6 parachutes. All these orders will ship out in fiscal '15. Airborne's newest ram-air parachute, the RA-1 had orders in 2014 totaling $24 million from the U.S. government. The bulk of these new orders will also ship in 2015, and we expect the RA-s1 will also eventually be sold to our allies. These new engineered solutions from our operating units, and many others not discussed, continue to expand our profitable product offering and add to our future growth. In fiscal '14 -- 2014, we also acquired 2 proprietary aerospace businesses: Airborne Systems and Elektro-Metall Export. We quickly went to work transitioning these businesses into TransDigm's value-creation mode. To provide better product focus, we split the Airborne Systems business into 2 separate operating units: one, in North America, focusing primarily on the military personnel parachutes and cargo system parachutes; and one in the U.K., focusing primarily on parachute aerial delivery systems and electronic warfare. As we have done with each prior acquisition, we applied our proven value-creation processes. One, we restructured the businesses into product line focused groups and implemented our value-creation metrics. And we focused the engineering and new business efforts on winnable and profitable new business. And we tightened up the cost structure. Lastly, I'd like to say my 21 years working with the team at TransDigm has been exceptional. I believe our TransDigm business culture is truly unique. We work hard creating a lot of value and have a hell of a lot of fun working with each other. I intend to continue as a significant investor as I move on to the TransDigm board. I'll enjoy watching the continued growth and success of this great company. Now let me sign off, and hand it over to Greg, who will review our 2014 financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray. Nick already summarized the key events that occurred in FY '14. So I will now review the consolidated financial results, starting on Slide 7, for our fourth quarter and then give a brief fiscal year summary. Q4 sales were $642 million and 19% greater than the prior year. Our organic sales were 10% higher than last year, driven primarily by strong growth in commercial aftermarket and, to a lesser extent, commercial OEM and defense sales. Reported gross profit was $349 million or 54.3% of sales. The reported gross profit margin was approximately 1.9 margin points higher than the prior-year margin of 52.4%. Although margins in the current quarter were negatively impacted by approximately 1.5 margin points by acquisition mix from Airborne and EME, this was more than offset by decreased nonoperating acquisition-related costs versus the prior year. These costs consist primarily of inventory step-up and start-up expenses. Excluding all acquisition activities, our gross profit margin in the remaining business versus the prior-year quarter improved approximately 2 margin points. The base business has continued to expand margins as a result of the strength of our proprietary products and to continually improving our cost structure. Selling and administrative expenses were 11.9% of sales for the current year -- for the current quarter compared to 11.3% for the prior year. The current quarter was running a little higher than the prior period, primarily due to the acquisition mix, but was about flat for the full year after excluding stock comp expense and acquisition-related costs. Interest expense was $97 million, an increase of approximately $16 million or 20% versus the prior year quarter. This is the result of a 32% increase in the weighted average total debt to $7.5 billion in the current quarter versus $5.7 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was due to the third quarter dividend financing discussed earlier. The weighted average cost -- cash interest rate on the total debt at the end of the current quarter is approximately 4.9% compared to 5.4% at September 30, 2013. Our effective tax rate for the year was 31.6% for fiscal 2014 compared to 32.5% for fiscal '13. The lower current year tax rate benefited from some favorable foreign tax credits. Our net income for the quarter increased $30 million or 36% to $114 million, which is 18% of sales. This compares to our net income of $84 million in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the growth in net sales and lower nonoperating acquisition-related costs, partially offset by the higher interest expense. GAAP earnings per share was $1.91 per share in the current quarter compared to a loss of $0.20 per share a year ago or an increase of $2.11. 3/4 of this increase is attributable to the dividend equivalent payments made in the prior year. The current quarter included dividend equivalent payments of $0.11 per share compared to $1.67 paid in the prior year. Our adjusted earnings per share was $2.21 per share, an increase of 26% compared to $1.75 per share last year. The increase in adjusted earnings per share is higher than the increase in EBITDA As Defined of 17%, primarily due to the benefit of the lower effective tax rate in the current quarter. Again, please reference Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP to adjusted earnings per share. Since this is our fiscal year-end, let me take a minute to quickly summarize some significant items. Net sales for the year increased $449 million or by 23% to end our year at $2.4 billion in revenues. Acquisitions contributed approximately 65% of the increase in sales, and our organic sales were strong at 8% above the prior year. Reported gross profit increased 21% to $1.27 billion and was 53.4% of sales compared to 54.5% in the prior year. Excluding all acquisition activity and stock compensation expense, our full year margin versus the prior year improved approximately 1 margin point. Selling and administrative expenses of 11.7% of sales for fiscal '14 is lower than the 13.2% of sales in fiscal '13 due primarily to lower noncash stock compensation expense. Additionally, the current year includes lower acquisition-related costs. Excluding noncash compensation expense and acquisition-related costs, selling, general and administrative expense was about 10.5% of sales for both periods. Net interest expense increased $77 million due to the additional debt incurred to fund the quarter third dividend of $25 dividend -- I'm sorry, of the 2014 $25 dividend discussed earlier and the July 2013 financing associated with last year's $22 special dividend. Despite increasing total debt, we decreased our weighted average cash interest rate for fiscal 2014 to 5.3% compared to 5.6% in the prior year. Adjusted EPS was $7.76 per share this year, up almost 13% from $6.90 per share a year ago. The increase in EBITDA As Defined of 19% was partially offset by higher interest expense and share count. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. The company generated $540 million of cash from operating activities, and we closed the year with $820 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's gross debt leverage ratio at September 2014 was approximately 6.9x pro forma EBITDA and 6.2x on a net basis. All things considered, we believe FY '14 was another great year for TransDigm and our shareholders. As we look forward to fiscal '15, we estimate that the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $7.64. And as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $8.16. As we disclosed on Slide 9, there are $0.52 in adjustments to bridge GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. In addition, there are a few other items for FY '15. Depreciation and amortization, that's including backlog amortization of approximately $2 million, is expected to total $83 million in 2015 compared to $96 million in '14, which included backlog amortization of approximately $17 million. Interest expense is expected to increase 15% to approximately $400 million in FY '15. We use the weighted average cash interest rate of approximately 5.1%. Interest expense includes an additional $20 million related to interest rate swaps. Our effective tax rate for FY '15 is expected to be around 33%. Our cash taxes will be approximately $180 million. We expect our weighted average shares outstanding will decrease slightly to be approximately 56.6 million shares, reflecting the shares we repurchased in FY '14. As a result of these items, our adjusted earnings per share of $8.16 is approximately 5% greater than FY '14. Finally, with regards to our liquidity and leverage, we expect to generate $475 million of cash, which includes higher capital expenditures of approximately $60 million or 2.4% of sales. This is higher than our historical run rate. The increase supports 2 significant capacity-related projects at Schneller and AmSafe. Again, assuming no other acquisition activity, we expect our gross debt leverage ratio to be approximately 6.3x EBITDA As Defined, and our net leverage ratio will be nearly 5.2x our EBITDA As Defined at September 30, 2015, or de-levering approximately 1 full turn. Now let me hand it back over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're now ready to open the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have a question -- well, first, best wishes to Ray. I'll start with that.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thank you, Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask -- I have a question for Nick and for Greg. Greg, I just want to start with you. When I think about the gross margin improving in the quarter and the EBITDA As Defined declining, it sounds like the difference there is the SG&A, I guess, associated with the acquisitions, to some extent, because you don't have acquisition costs in the quarter. And does -- is that the basis for the improvement, the 100-basis-point improvement in margins next year, the absence of that SG&A? Or is it pricing or both? That's the question for Greg.
Gregory Rufus: Well, I know our SG&A consolidated is lower as a percent of sale in 2015. I think it's 11.9% and it's going to drop to 11.3% or 11.4% next year. So we'll get improvement in SG&A, and it was up a little because of acquisition mix. The other part of the question, Rob?
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to understand if I've got that right, that the SG&A is the reason you've got one margin rising and the other one falling. Or -- and then also, is there any pricing component to the improvement in margins next year?
Gregory Rufus: Rob, I'm not following because I don't know if you're going quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year here, but our interest...
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, that's the point. It's odd to see gross margins improve and EBITDA As Defined margins decline in Q4, to begin with, especially in a quarter where you're citing lower acquisition-related costs, which would go into the, I assume, into the SG&A.
Gregory Rufus: Rob, this is a lot of reconciling. Maybe we could take this after the call or offline because...
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, so let me just ask the back half of that one again. The 100 basis points next year, is that the absence of this SG&A or is it pricing or is it both?
Gregory Rufus: It's both.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Hold it, can I just stop a minute. 100 basis points is -- I threw a couple of margins around. So let's be sure we're talking about the same one.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: EBITDA As Defined goes up about 100 bps into the low 46s, I think.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes, got it. The other one I threw around, Rob, was the -- if you pull out the 5 acquisitions, most recent, I gave you the margins for the base businesses that we had going into '13, how they did year to year to year. I was trying to give you a sense of what the base was doing.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. No, and that's fair, Nick, what I'm trying to figure out is what pricing is doing.
Walter Nicholas Howley: The pricing, Rob, is the normal kind of pricing we get. There's no change in our pricing patterns.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then that being the case, the 18% was mostly volume in the quarter on the aftermarket?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Well, the 18% is, as you know, Rob, we don't disclose the pricing in our different segments. The 18% is a mix of -- it's the normal mix of unit and price.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, but it sounds like it's more...
Walter Nicholas Howley: I think you're -- if you're trying to back me into the price, it isn't going to work.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough, Nick. High-level question, this next one was intended to be the question for you. Since the spring, we've seen public aerospace valuations all over the map, largely on cycle noise and the like. You guys have held up very well but some of the others haven't. Are depressed valuations in the sector making certain assets more attractive now?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I can't -- I can't say that's true. I think the answer is no to that, Rob. And at least none that I specifically know of.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And congratulations, Ray. So I just wanted to -- if you could give us some more flavor on the aftermarket, that growth rate is high and higher than even last quarter, which also was high. Can you talk a little bit about any sort of trends within that aggregate number? Are you seeing any regions that are particularly strong? Any types of products, either discretionary or nondiscretionary...
Walter Nicholas Howley: I can't say there's significant difference between the discretionary and the nondiscretionary. It's a rising tide right now. If you look at our units, almost -- not all, but almost all of our units are up. As I said, I think in the press release, and little bit when I talked about the guidance for next year, I'm a little concerned that we're running out ahead of ourselves. 15% and 18% is not a sustainable number, and if you -- I don't think, and if you peel back, as I mentioned, and you look at the commercial transport, which is where the bulk of the numbers are, that's rising even faster. Because, as I said, the biz jet helicopter and GA stuff is about flat or slightly up. So I think it could be a little ahead of itself, and it's pretty broad.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Broad regionally as well?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And maybe if you could just give us some flavor on -- you've announced a -- or you authorized a share buyback, but you also talked a little bit -- I think a little bit more positively about some of the M&A prospects. And maybe if you could just give us some flavor on how that pipeline has changed, if it has, relative to 3 and 6 months ago. Can you talk about are you seeing more stuff and maybe more internationally? However you want to answer it.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes, let me first answer on the stock buyback. All we did there was we had $200 million of authorization, of which, we used about $160 million of it. So all we did there was just refill the -- we just refilled the availability. I wouldn't draw anything from that. We had $2 million [ph] before, I think I now have $250 million. That's just reflective that the company's a little bigger so we approved a little more. We have no specific plans other than we may well opportunistically buy things from time to time. So that answers that. The M&A activity, yes, we got -- we see a little more activity now. We see -- clearly, we see more activity in Europe but we see some in the U.S., too. I have no ability to predict when or, if any, of them will close, but we're more active now than we were, say, 3, 4 months ago.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And could you comment maybe on the size of this -- on the size of the opportunities...
Walter Nicholas Howley: Not a heck of a lot different. We've seen some not real big, but we've seen some on the -- a little bit on the larger size. I mean, not -- I'm not talking hundred millions of EBITDA, but most are more in the normal range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Nick, hoping to kick off maybe talking about the leverage situation, obviously, ending the year above your normal historical level at 6.2x EBITDA As Defined. Are you comfortable up at this level? Could you potentially take it higher? Or do you see it moving down towards more normal historical levels going forward from here?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Rob, I think that's very dependent on the capital market situation, where our outlook is for acquisitions. I don't think, over the long haul, our kind of range is changing but, as you know, the credit markets have been uniquely accommodating for the last 12 to 24 months. So we'll take a look at that over the next 3, 4, 5, 6 months and see what the future looks like and see what it looks like. I don't -- I wouldn't want to get -- I wouldn't want to get committed into a band or a number one way or the other just because the market has been so accommodating.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Are some of these potential discussions open to then moving the leverage even higher? But again, depending on the market.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Say that again?
Gregory Rufus: Which discussions?
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, so you said you're constantly looking at the market, but is it possible that you have discussions that allow you to raise your leverage above the current level as you talk to potential lenders?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Oh, we could surely -- we could lever up. I mean, the market would allow us to lever up higher than the current level. The market would allow us. That's...
Gregory Rufus: Our credit agreement allows us...
Walter Nicholas Howley: And our credit agreement would allow us to go up to 7 1/4%. That's not to say that we want to do it, but that's what the situation is.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, secondly, on the aftermarket. You mentioned that things might have gotten a little bit ahead of themselves in 4Q. Do you detect that some of your airline customers are starting to restock or complete some deferred maintenance that they put off?
Walter Nicholas Howley: A combination of those. A combination of those. I mean, we were at 15 and 18 [ph] so what's that? Average 16.5 [ph]. And if you peel off, you throw out the business jet and helicopter business, it was up higher than that. Well, the underlying consumption is not that high. So there is a mix in which I can't exactly draw a beat on it, but there is some mix of some deferred maintenance and some stocking in there. Now there was clearly a de-stocking and a deferral in '13, so we likely are just catching a little of that back up.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Seth on the line for Joe this morning. I wanted to ask a question about defense. You've got it to flat, which I think you've got it around there in the past and you guys typically take a pretty conservative approach, I think based on what's gone on in the market there. But it sounds like there are some tough trends with regard to bookings in the fourth quarter. What sort of gives you confidence in getting to flat? Are there sort of some good things that are happening in defense this year that should offset maybe some of what you're seeing now on the bookings front?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Well, it's only a one down quarter, and we've seen down quarters before in the bookings, so we don't want to overreact to it. But I will clearly say it's uncertain and unclear. If you look at what's going on in the world, you would expect you may see some pickup in defense ordering activity for repairs and spares and replenishment, things like that. So we were a little surprised that we haven't seen them, and that makes us cautious. But I would tell you, if you told me it was 5% one way or the other, I would say I can't call it that close.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on the biz jets and helicopter and GA, I guess, particularly the biz jet. Flat on the OE and it sounded like modest growth in the aftermarket...
Walter Nicholas Howley: Very modest. Very modest.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: What's baked into your expectations for '15 in both the OE and the aftermarket side?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Kind of a continuation of the normal, not much recovery.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You're not seeing much of a biz jet recovery at all?
Walter Nicholas Howley: We're not -- we're not -- I mean, maybe a little bit but not a lot. I mean, someday, we will see a pickup in that, but it's been out in front of us every year for the last 3 or 4 years, so we're a little wary of it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert of Canaccord.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes, I just wanted to first ask just again, on the aftermarket, what percentage of your business is for engine versus other parts of the plane? And can I -- when I look at the segments that we really don't ever talk about, but when you look at the power side, is that largely all engine related or is that other parts of the plane as well?
Walter Nicholas Howley: It's all kinds of power, it's not just engine. I don't know the exact number but frequently, they say an engine makes up -- and the claptrap that goes with it, makes up 25% to 30% of the plane. I suspect we're somewhere in that kind of range.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. And would it be fair to say you've maybe seen those products, from a volume standpoint, doing a little better than other products in the aftermarket or is that...
Walter Nicholas Howley: No, I can't say that. Could be. That's not clear to me, and I don't know that, that's the case.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. Okay, now that's helpful. And if I could, the slight step-up in investment to support some of the new programs in fiscal '15, does that roll back down again in '16 or you may be looking at maybe a couple years here of a little more investment considering some of the wins or incremental opportunities you've had, specifically on A350 and some of the other programs that Ray outlined?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't know that I would change the go-forward forecast. Frankly, we haven't -- I don't know of anything discontinuous in 2016. But honestly, we haven't looked very closely at it. It won't materially change the cash flow one way or the other. So -- but I don't think we're setting a new level, but I just can't tell what 2016 is yet.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ciabattoni of KeyBanc.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Congratulations, Ray.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just to go to the aftermarket again, Nick, any changes you see over the next year in maybe airline purchasing behavior, especially given if oil prices kind of stay down here at current levels? And maybe any thoughts on where provisioning heads next year, especially with the A350 certification yesterday.
Walter Nicholas Howley: On the oil, I mean, you know the traditional rule of thumb is if the oil prices drop down, they keep the old planes running longer and that would tend to give you a little more aftermarket. Whether that'll happen, I have no idea how to speculate on that. But that's the traditional wisdom. I don't have a good view for the A350 provisioning, and we clearly don't have anything baked into our forecast.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then you talked a little bit about M&A. I mean, I guess just looking at the other side of that, anything you're looking at -- I mean, is there any potential for portfolio reshaping from your side, looking at noncore assets within the portfolio right now?
Walter Nicholas Howley: You mean for selling things?
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't think so. I mean, we don't have any immediate plans, but that's not to say we couldn't sell something small if it didn't fit [ph]. But we don't -- we have no immediate plans to sell anything.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Congratulations, Ray.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So your -- Nick, your adjusted EBITDA guidance, I know you guys targeted 10% to 12%. Today, you put out 8% to 10%. I mean, is this just conservatism? I mean, is there anything out there that you see stopping you from getting to kind of the normal 10% to 12% adjusted EBITDA growth?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Other than the guidance we gave you.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I mean, I think the guidance we gave is the guidance we gave. Could there be some upside? Of course, there could. Could there be some downside? There could. But I think, I've got to stick, David, with the guidance we gave.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, and just along those same lines, I think you said in your prepared remarks that the base business kind of, excluding acquisitions, the adjusted EBITDA margins are going to be up 100 bps, which is in line roughly with the overall guidance for adjusted EBITDA. What are you, therefore, implying for the recent acquisitions? Are the adjusted EBITDA margins there flattish? Or when -- I would think there'd be...
Walter Nicholas Howley: No, they're moving up some, too. They're moving up some, too. Frankly, I haven't solved back into that math. Have you, Liza? I haven't solved back into it.
Liza Sabol: I don't have it here.
Walter Nicholas Howley: But I know they're up some.
Liza Sabol: We are. They're up.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Greg, on the cash flow side, are there any major moving pieces in -- on the working capital side that we should be aware of next year?
Gregory Rufus: Less from operating working capital. I think you'll notice, though, our cash taxes will be higher next year than this year. Just a little color on the CapEx, our normal DSOs and inventory turns should be as normal.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, you said cash taxes next year $180 million. Where did they come in this year?
Gregory Rufus: Under $100 million. This year, as a percent of the provision, it was like 70% and next year, it's 80%. So I thought it was working those [ph] out.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the first one was on the core margin expansion into next year, the 100 basis points x the 5 acquisitions. Is it similar margin expansion between power control and the airframe segments? Or is the implied EBITDA incremental margins, which look really good, more indicative that you're going to have faster growth in power control and faster expansion there?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I wouldn't draw any particular distinction. They're both picking up. I wouldn't -- I don't think there's a particular distinction to be drawn there, Myles.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And do you -- the cautionary tone on 1Q in defense, I mean, how much of that is the really tough comp you have in defense in 1Q versus kind of what you see as a deterioration in the underlying demand?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't know how to parse that out. Clearly, the fact that we have a bad comp coming into the year is not a plus. So I just, I don't know how to parse those 2 out, Myles.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But sequentially, the bookings are deteriorating -- did deteriorate this quarter?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: They were high in Q3...
Gregory Rufus: In defense. In defense, yes. Defense bookings were surprisingly down this quarter and broadly down. Not just if you looked at 1 unit, you get [indiscernible] order before and now it went away, it's broadly down.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: In Q3.
Gregory Rufus: Yes, yes.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Now we've seen that before and have it just remedy itself 90 days later, but...
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. No, that makes sense. And then last one, though, is so you're starting the year at a high single digit guide for aftermarket and in prior years you, where you've had a tough comp, you usually start at a mid-single-digit range and -- but it sounds at the same time like you have -- you're running superheated in the second half. You must have a pretty good sightline into the first half, continuing to be superheated?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Well, I don't want to comment on the quarterly. What I would say is we're a little concerned that we're coming out of the year heated up.
Operator: And we have no more questions. I'd like to hand back for closing remarks. Thank you.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, all, for calling in today. And I'd just like to note that please look for our 10-K that we expect to file sometime tomorrow. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol -  Walter Nicholas Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 3 2014 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cathy, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Liza Sabol: Good morning, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2014 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. The company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC, available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me please now turn the call over to Nick.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Good morning, and thanks again for calling in to hear about the company. Today, as usual, I'll start off with some comments about our consistent strategy, an update on the capital allocation activities in the last quarter, an overview of the financial performance and a market summary from Q3 and an update on our full year guidance. Just to restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, and around 3/4 of our sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Over 1/2 of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket sales and revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability in the downturns. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins and relatively low capital expenditures, TransDigm has, year in and year out, generated strong free cash flow. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. First, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple, well-proven, value-based operating strategy based on our 3 value driver concepts. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system, with operating unit executives and officers who think, act and are paid like owners. Fourth, we acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as another means to create shareholder value. We have been, in the past and continue to be, willing to lever up when we either see good opportunities or view our leverage as suboptimum for value creation. As I mentioned last quarter, we continually look at our likely needs for acquisition and internal investment, cash and/or debt capacity, as well as the capital market situations, all in context of our near and midterm needs and outlook. The Q3 credit market situation was uniquely favorable by most historical standards. From any longer-term perspective, the after-tax cost of debt capital was low, especially when compared to our stated equity return goals. In light of these market conditions, we accelerated our capital allocation calls for this year. In Q3, we borrowed about $3.4 billion, almost 1/2 of which was used to pay a special $25 a share dividend. Most of the balance was used to refinance our existing 7.75% bonds, with lower interest costs and extended maturity. We kept a modest portion of the proceeds for general corporate purposes, one of which has been to buy about $75 million of our existing shares. We may well buy additional shares over the next few months. After completion of the financing, our weighted interest rate will be about 5.3% per year, including the cost of forward interest rate hedges. This is down from about 5.7% interest prior to the recent financing. Our actual rate starts lower than 5.3% but will move up to 5.3% as the hedges kick in. Our net leverage as of 06/28/2014 is now 6.4x EBITDA. About 50% of our debt is fixed and another 20% is forward hedged, beginning in 2015. Our maturities have been extended. We increased the size of our revolver, and the credit terms were favorably modified. All in all, we think this is a pretty good outcome. At the end of our third quarter, based on the current capital market conditions and our new credit agreement, we believe we have adequate liquidity capacity to make about $1.5 billion of acquisitions without issuing additional equity. This includes around $730 million of cash. This capacity continues to grow each quarter. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated acquisition levels for fiscal year '14 or '15. Overall, through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, our very clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital allocation, we have been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years, through up and down markets, and we anticipate continuing to do so in the future. Now with respect to the commercial aftermarket status, next quarter, unless there is an unusual situation, I'll probably stop separately highlighting this, as I've been doing in the recent quarters. We have been seeing a market recovery for the last 3 to 4 quarters, and this has continued into Q3 of fiscal year 2014. The third quarter of fiscal year 2014 commercial aftermarket revenues on a same-store basis were up almost 15% versus the prior Q3 and are up about 9.5% on a 9-month year-to-date basis. Just as an aside, we have seen minimal 787 provisioning orders on our revenues at this point. Our bookings or incoming orders are running about 6% ahead of revenues on a year-to-date basis, and they're up about 14% versus the prior 9-month year-to-date bookings. As I have said, the aftermarket recovery may not be linear. There could be quarterly ups and downs. Our data now indicates even more strongly that the market is expanding. If the worldwide economy holds up, we would expect this to continue, though I do want to point out the rate of increase may slow down over the next few quarters. Turning to our Q3 2014 performance. I remind you this is the third quarter of fiscal year 2014. Our fiscal year began October 1 of 2013. And as I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, inventory fluctuations and the like. The third quarter of fiscal year '14 was a good quarter for TransDigm. Our GAAP revenues were up about 25% versus both -- the prior year Q3. On a year-to-date basis, the bookings continue to run ahead of revenues. Reviewing the revenues by market category, again, on a pro forma basis versus prior Q3. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 6% versus the prior Q3 and about 9% on a year-to-date basis. This is primarily driven by commercial transport OEM revenues, which were up 12% on a year-to-date basis. Business jet revenues are only up about 3%. Total commercial aftermarket revenue comps, as I said before, they were up about 15% versus the prior Q3, and they're also up about 8% sequentially. The defense market, which makes up about 30% of our revenue. The defense picture in Q3 was mixed. For Q3, the total defense revenues were down 7% versus the prior third quarter and about flat on a year-to-date basis. This number now includes the Airborne parachute business revenues, which are more lumpy than our base business. Without Airborne, our underlying defense revenues are down 2% versus the prior Q3 and up 5% year-to-date. The Airborne parachute bookings picked up substantially in Q3 versus the first half of the year due to 2 large U.S. military orders. The total defense bookings were strong in Q3, and year-to-date, they are running about 6% ahead of shipments in spite of delays in certain large international parachute orders. In our other businesses, we've seen good order activity from both domestic and international military buyers. We do remain cautious about the military markets. Moving along to profitability now. And on a reported basis, I am going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q3 were primarily due to refinancing-related costs and noncash stock option expense. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $276 million for Q3 was up 19% versus the prior year Q3, and our year-to-date of $782 million is up about 20% versus the prior year. The EBITDA margin was about 45% of revenues on a year-to-date basis and roughly the same in Q3. The Q3 margin was reduced by over 2% by the inclusion of Airborne and EME acquisitions. Our base business EBITDA margins, that is, excluding Airborne, EME and the 3 we bought in June of last year, was about 48% on a year-to-date basis. This is up 1% versus the prior year for that same group of businesses. With respect to acquisitions, we've completed about $300 million of acquisitions so far this year. We continue to look at opportunities. The pipeline of possibilities is reasonably active with about the same mix of sizes as usual. We are seeing more European activity than we have seen in the past. The closings are difficult to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on value-creation opportunity that meet our tight criteria. Moving on now to the 2014 guidance. The military market is still spotty and we think, hard to predict. The rate of recovery in the commercial aftermarket is proceeding, and the commercial OEM is roughly on track. The underlying EBITDA margins are running slightly ahead. Based on the above and assuming no additional 2014 acquisitions, our guidance is revised as follows: The midpoint of the revised guidance is now $2.36 billion or up $15 million versus the prior midpoint. The revenue increase is primarily due to a modest improvement in the commercial aftermarket full year outlook. The midpoint of the revised 2014 EBITDA As Defined guidance is now $1.07 billion or 45.3% of revenues, up $10 million from the prior quarter guidance. This margin includes 1.5% to 2% of dilution from Airborne and EME. The dollar increase in EBITDA is primarily due to the commercial aftermarket mentioned in the revenues. We are anticipating our base businesses, again, excluding Airborne, EME and the 2013 June acquisitions, to run at about 48% for the year. The midpoint of EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be $7.52 per share versus a prior guidance of $7.58. The range on this is plus or minus about $0.05 a share. The change is primarily due to the improved operating performance and some lower tax expenses more than offset by the higher interest expense from the recent financing and special dividend. At the midpoint, our 2014 guidance is based on the commercial OEM and defense revenue outlooks remaining unchanged from both last quarter and our initial guidance. The commercial aftermarket on a same-store basis is now assumed to be up slightly over 10% on a full year basis. This was corrected on the slides we originally sent out this morning. In summary, the first 3 quarters are modestly ahead of our initial expectations. Hopefully, these strengthening market conditions continue. But in any event, I'm confident, with our consistent value-focused strategy and strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic shareholder value for our investors. With that, let me hand it over to Greg, who will discuss the financial results.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Nick and good morning again. I'd first want to remind you, and as Nick mentioned, we raised $3.4 billion during the quarter, primarily to pay the $25 per share special dividend and refinance $1.6 billion of the notes that were due 2018. This activity impacted several line items significantly in the quarter. With that in mind, I'd like to expand on a few items included in our quarterly financial results. Please reference Slide 7 in this morning's deck. Sales were $611 million, 25% greater than the prior year. Our organic sales was 7% higher than last year, driven primarily by the growth in commercial aftermarket and to a lesser extent, commercial OEM. This growth was partially offset by a modest decline in the defense sales. Third quarter gross profit was $328 million, an increase of 22% over the prior year. The reported gross profit margin of 53.6% was 1.4 margin points less than the prior year. This quarter's margins were negatively impacted by the current year acquisitions of Airborne and EME and the acquisitions of Arkwin, Whippany and Aerosonic made in the prior year. The dilutive impact from acquisition mix and the acquisition-related costs was almost 3.5 margin points at the gross profit line. The prior year gross profit margin was also diluted approximately 1 margin point for noncash stock compensation expense due to the acceleration of certain stock options that did not repeat in fiscal '14. Excluding all the acquisition activity and stock compensation expense, our gross profit margins in the remaining businesses versus the prior year quarter improved almost 1 margin point. We have the benefit of favorable OEM and aftermarket mix, and the base businesses continued to expand margins as a result of the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Selling and administrative expenses were 11.7% of sales for the current quarter compared to 16.9% in the prior year. The majority of the decrease in SG&A was related to lower noncash stock compensation costs in the current period. Stock compensation expense as a percent of sales was about 1% compared to 5.5% in the prior period. The prior period also included higher acquisition-related expenses. Excluding noncash stock compensation expense and acquisition-related expenses, SG&A was about 10.5% of sales in both periods. Interest expense was $88 million, an increase of approximately $25 million or 40% versus the prior year quarter. This is a result of a 43% increase in the weighted average total debt to $6.2 billion in the current quarter versus $4.3 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was due to the recent financing just discussed and the July 2013 financing associated with last year's $22 special dividend. As a result of our recent financing, our weighted average cash interest rate has decreased to 4.9% compared to 5.5% in the prior year. Including the newly incurred debt, we now expect our full fiscal 2014 net interest expense to be approximately $348 million. Onetime refinancing costs of $131 million were booked in the current period in conjunction with June's financing. $120 million of the costs were the premium to redeem the 7.75% notes and $10 million were for the writing off of debt issue costs. Our effective tax rate was 22.5% in the current period compared to 32.9% in the prior year. The current quarter rate was due to favorable foreign tax credits realized in our recently filed federal income tax return. We now expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be around 33% and our cash taxes to be approximately $125 million. Our net income for the quarter decreased $60 million or 79% to $16 million, which is 3% of sales. This compares to net income of $77 million in the prior year. The decrease in net income primarily reflects the onetime refinancing costs just mentioned and higher interest expense, partially offset by growth in net sales and lower noncash stock compensation costs. As I've discussed in the past, our EPS is calculated under the 2-class method versus the more commonly used treasury method. We are required to use this method because of our dividend equivalent program. As you could see on Tables 1 and 3 of this morning's press release, our GAAP loss per share was $1.66 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.71 income per share last year. You may be wondering how do we have positive net income but a GAAP loss per share. The loss per share was due to the inclusion of approximately $111 million or $1.94 per share of dividend equivalent payments paid in the current quarter primarily related to the $25 per share dividend. This compares to the $0.70 per share paid in the prior period. Please reference Slide 11 of this morning's earnings call, which shows all the details. Our adjusted earnings per share was $2.02 per share, an increase of 7% compared $1.89 last year. The 7% increase is lower than the 12% increase in adjusted net income due to the higher weighted average shares in the current period, resulting from the accelerated stock option vesting that occurred primarily in 2013. Note this dilution will be slightly offset going forward due to the purchase of approximately 420,000 shares of treasury stock in the current quarter. We now expect our weighted average shares to be 57 million for the full fiscal year of 2014. Again, please reference Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles the GAAP to the adjusted earnings per share. As Nick previously mentioned, the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share decreased $0.06 to $7.52 per share. The increase in interest expense had a negative impact of $0.25 per share. This negative impact was offset by the following 3 items: favorable operating results which contributed $0.11 per share, a lower effective tax rate which contributed $0.06 per share and the decrease in the weighted average shares were $0.02 per share. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. We ended the quarter with $729 million of cash on the balance sheet. This includes the completion of the financing, net of the $25 per share dividend and related DEP payments, the repayment of the 7.75% notes and the related fees and the purchase of approximately $75 million of treasury stock. The company's net debt leverage ratio was 6.4x our pro forma EBITDA As Defined. We now expect to end the year with approximately $850 million of cash on the balance sheet, assuming no other acquisition activity. Absent any further changes to our capital structure or any stock repurchase, we expect our net debt leverage ratio to be 6.1x EBITDA As Defined by the end of the year. Now I'll hand it back over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question which comes from the line of David Strauss of UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Nick, looking at your revised guidance for the full year, it seems like you're implying Q4 about sequentially flat in terms of sales and adjusted EBITDA margins. When we see the adjusted EBITDA margins potentially move up with another strong aftermarket quarter and the acquisitions being there for another quarter, why wouldn't we see those margins...
Walter Nicholas Howley: Just a sec, we're looking it up. I didn't think that was the case, so let me just look it up. Where's -- yes, it's gone up a little. Yes, it's gone up about 0.5 point, I think. I think you're talking about 0.5 point, if we're doing the math, and you're right. But I get your point. We -- about 0.5 point is what we got cranked in there. It's probably getting lost in the abouts.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Yes, it looks about -- it looks relatively flat to me, but it might be in the noise. On the aftermarket, could you just talk a little bit about -- I don't know if you specifically said, I may have missed it, what bookings were like in the quarter sequentially. And where did you see the improvement? Was it more on the discretionary kind of aftermarket side? Or really, what drove the improvement there?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. I would say it was -- we're sequentially up 8%. The -- it is -- we are clearly seeing -- whether it's the business or whether it's discretion, it looks like we're seeing more [ph] orders picking up. If we're up 15% year-over-year, the combination of RPMs and pricing is not 15%. So there's some discretionary buying and quite likely, maybe some stocking even at the airlines. We know the distributors are in decent shape, so we know that's not moving a whole lot. I did point out -- one thing I did notice that other -- a few other people have announced that we have not seen is significant -- we have not seen any significant provisioning orders.
Gregory Rufus: For 787.
Walter Nicholas Howley: For 787.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right, okay. And last one for me. How are you feeling about the cycle overall? It appears there's a lot more skepticism or nervousness in the market overall about the sustainability of this.
Walter Nicholas Howley: You mean in the OEM or the aftermarket?
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, OEM.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't know that I have a good enough view on that, David, to drift off of what's sort of the conventional wisdom has been. I don't have any reason to think that '15 is going to drift substantively off of what people have been forecasting so far. I mean, it would take a pretty significant dislocation to change the next 12-month outlook or so.
Operator: The next question comes from John Godyn of Morgan Stanley.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Nick, I think you used the word reasonably active for the M&A pipeline. I was just hoping that you could contextualize that for us, exactly what that might mean.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I was trying to make a distinction between lethargic and wildly active. I mean we're doing the same thing we always do. We're out making calls. We're visiting people. We see proposals coming through. I don't think it's substantively different than it's been for the last 12 or 15 months. But I did want to make that lethargic distinction.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, loud and clear. And then a follow-up on aftermarket. You gave a little bit of color on discretionary versus nondiscretionary and even made a comment -- I thought I heard about some restocking at airlines. I was hoping that -- maybe another layer, just talking about any products that sort of stand out, anything as we try to kind of read the tea leaves here and just understand what's going on a bit better.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. I think the only -- as I say, I don't know that I can draw any particular conclusion from products other than more discretionary things seem to be picking up in orders, where they were lagging behind for a while. And the shipments rate and the booking rate is up more than RPMs and pricing would account for.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then just last one on the general defense outlook. Of course, we all appreciate sort of why there is some uncertainty out there. On the other hand, you highlighted some positives and certainly have had some good trends in the past. I'm just curious if you're seeing literally anything in the numbers that drive the uncertainty or questioning of the defense trend. Or is it just a reflection of the general notion of uncertainty that we all worry about?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I think more of that, more about the general uncertainty. As I said, the revenues were down some in the last quarter, but that's offset by the bookings being up. So it's a mixed picture. But mostly, you're just seeing a reflection of just uncertainty about the political situation.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Spingarn of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit more about the buyback that you mentioned, the share repurchase activity?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Rob, I'm not sure what else to say. We bought 75 million more shares back in the last prior month?
Gregory Rufus: No, in the quarter.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. In the third quarter, yes. And as I said, it wouldn't surprise me if we continue to do some of that.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. And is there a change in thought there as you go forward, just from what you've done in the past?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't know. I can't say that there is necessarily. We did decide -- we've used all the money to pay out -- not all the money, but I mean all the shareholder return money to pay out special dividends. This time, we decided we'd buy a little back. I -- we'll make the call on a situation-by-situation basis, but it wouldn't surprise me if we buy some more back here.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then just a clarification, Nick. Did you say earlier in your monologue, on the aftermarket growth, you were going to stop parsing some element of that out?
Walter Nicholas Howley: No. I usually talk about it in the overall summary of the markets. For the last year, I've made sort of a separate section on it, as I did the lead-in. I'll probably stop doing that. But if there's anything special to point out, I'll try and do it.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Nevertheless, we should still expect the data that you've been giving.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Absolutely, absolutely.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, just wanted to clarify that. And then just the last thing is I just noticed the slide -- you talked about Airborne and some delays in orders, and you also mentioned that there's 1.5% to 2% margin dilution from the acquisitions. This compares to, I think, 1.5% a quarter ago, when you spoke about it. Could you talk a little bit about both the sales and margin contribution from the recent acquisitions and the extent to which these are meeting your plans?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Did we change the dilution? I think it may be just in here for another quarter, so it's in another quarter.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's all it is. It's just...
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. But it's in another quarter and their lower margin is going to pull the year-to-date down a little bit. So there's no reason to think there's any margin degradation in those, other than what we know when we bought it. I would say the Airborne business, we actually -- it is lumpy, but we had a very strong booking quarter here in the last quarter. And we have some big international orders that are hanging fire there, which we can't tell will this wrap before the year's over, in the beginning of next year. But there are jobs to get, we believe. Yes, I think that answers your question probably, Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, are you getting that replacement bow wave you were hoping for when you bought it?
Walter Nicholas Howley: That -- well, the international orders -- we are getting some, but the international orders are closing slower than we thought. But we -- I mean they're active. We're actively negotiating with them. But I think the closure on bookings is, frankly, even lumpier. The first quarter we owned it, we booked very little. That's the first quarter of this year. The second quarter was pretty strong, and the last quarter was very strong. And we have a fair amount of stuff in the gun sight, so...
Operator: The next question comes from Carter Copeland of Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. First, on the -- just to clarify a bit on Airborne. By my math, it looks like, for the impact you called out, that's probably down kind of 20% year-on-year quarter on an apples-to-apples basis. Is that the kind of right scale of how lumpy this business can be?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't know.
Gregory Rufus: We don't have your math in front of us.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes, I don't have your math in front of us. But it can be lumpy. It can bounce around from quarter to quarter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I mean, if it's got a 5% impact on the defense revenues, it's probably $8 million, $9 million of revenue delta. So we're just kind of trying to calculate that off of a quarterly run rate, but it sounds like...
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. I don't know the answer, other than I do know, Carter, that it is lumpier than our other businesses tend to be. And they can be lumpy good and lumpy bad.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, exactly. And then on the 787 provisioning that you mentioned a couple of times, how significant -- could that be significant to next year's aftermarket growth, in your view? I mean, is this a couple hundred basis points kind of thing? Or is it...
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't -- the real answer is, Carter, I'm not sure. We are not -- we'll give next year's guidance when we give it, but we're not planning on a lot of provisioning. We typically look at that as sort of -- we just -- sort of something fell out of the sky and hit us in the head. We're not planning on a lot of it.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just to continue on that provisioning line of thinking. I think, Nick, you kind of called out that the aftermarket rate of growth will perhaps be slowing. I mean, there are, I guess, tougher comps coming up, but I would think the 787, even the A350 provisioning. But it sounds like, if we should think about those provisioning items, that would just be kind of gravy on top of your base growth. I'm just trying to get a sense of...
Walter Nicholas Howley: That's the way I would think about it, and my sort of core kind of products, my experience has been it's tough to predict.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. But if -- I mean, you're clearly talking about the market expanding, more discretionary. Is the rate of deceleration, I guess, just tougher comps?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. I'd just -- I don't think you can sustain a 15% quarter-over-quarter growth. You may sustain it for a quarter or 2, but you're not going to sustain that over an extended period of time. And eventually, the comps get tougher.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right, okay. And then just one other one. You mentioned, on deal activity, maybe a little bit more active in Europe. Are you seeing better multiples over there? I mean, there's more, I guess, carriers struggling with profits. I mean, is it just a more attractive marketplace and are the multiples simply cheaper? Or is there any other rationale for why you're more active in Europe or seeing more activity there?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I really -- we are -- frankly, we're hitting the territory harder. We also put a new guy on to cover the territory, and we're kicking up more leads. So I don't know whether there's more for sale or whether we're just more attentive to it. I would say it's not clear to me that the multiples are significantly lower.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Nadol of JP Morgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Nick, just thinking about -- big picture about the capital structure and looking forward. We're probably going to get into a situation here next year where rates -- short-term rates start going up. We haven't had that, obviously, for a long time. And as you mentioned, you guys have been really eagerly taking advantage of the markets, including this past quarter. How, conceptually, should we think about what you might do differently, if anything at all, when rates are going the other way, just in terms of leverage level? Anything else you want to mention?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. That's -- well, first, I would not -- our fundamental leverage strategy, I would not expect that to change within any realistic range of interest rate moves. Now if interest rate -- interest costs get up higher than the cost of equity, which will be up in the 20s or something, we might rethink that. But in the likely movements over the next couple of years, I wouldn't expect our view to change. Now we did stretch out ahead on some of these dividends because we thought the credit markets were so attractive. If interest rates go up, we probably would be a little more cautious about that. But I don't -- a 1- or 2-point move, I don't think would substantially change what we do.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just looking at OE for a moment. A lot of the growth in the next 2 or 3 years is going to be A350. I unfortunately missed your Analyst Day, and I don't know if you provided an update there on content. But a few years ago, we talked a lot about 787 and what you got on that. Could you just update us on...
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. We have -- I don't think we gave the number out. Did we, on the A350 content? But it's good content. We gave the comparison to the planes we thought it was replacing, and the content is up nicely.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, a nit [ph] here. Is Tarian impacting your defense outlook at all? That was a lumpy item you called out 2 quarters ago.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes, it is in the comps, yes.
Gregory Rufus: It shipped out...
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes, it shipped. There wasn't any in this quarter, but if I look at -- yes, it was -- I think it was in the prior quarter, right?
Gregory Rufus: Year-to-date, we had $10 million of Tarian come out in the first half of the year.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. So yes, it was $10 million in the first half of the prior year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: First, a quick follow-up on the M&A question with regard to Europe. Is there any difference in terms of trying to implement your value-creation drivers in Europe versus the U.S. and then implementing your management and compensation strategy there?
Walter Nicholas Howley: The -- we said we've been able to work through our way on the compensation. It was a little trickier, but we think we've been able to work through that and get something that's pretty close. I would say on the pricing side of it, I don't see any substantive difference. Obviously, the employment restructuring is more expensive there and a little more culturally difficult.
Gregory Rufus: It takes longer.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. So yes, right, so it -- that converts into a little more expense and it takes longer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it, got it. And then in terms of the aftermarket dynamics, sometimes, in the past, you've given us a little more color about what's happening regionally. Would you say that there was particular strength anywhere particular in the world? Or is it kind of broad based?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I would say reasonably broad based. I mean, as usual, I would say the European business is not as bullish as the rest of the world. But I don't know if -- frankly, for the quarter, I don't have the numbers off the top of my -- just my fingertips. But I don't view this -- the mix of RPMs, which is ultimately orders, I don't think -- I know has not changed substantively.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Right. And then just one more quick modeling question. Is 33% tax rate the right one to use going forward?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Greg?
Gregory Rufus: For the remainder of this year. And we'll update our guidance next year when we give it out.
Operator: The next question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Stepping back to the provisioning question. I was curious if you had a sense for what percent of your aftermarket sales generally are from initial provisioning and if you can comment if you've had much in the way of 787 provisioning in prior years. Or is it -- that's all on the comp?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I'm not sure I get the question, but I'll try and give you the -- the provisioning, in our experience, has been difficult to predict. The -- we have seen very little, so far, from the 787. I would not -- at least for our go-forward planning, we're not planning on much of that. Now we may well see some, and that would be upside. But I would -- if you were looking at how to model this, I'd primarily focus on sort of RPMs and price and then maybe a little swing one way or the other depending on how you feel about the market direction.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And do provisioning sales carry a different margin or pricing characteristic than typical aftermarket sales?
Walter Nicholas Howley: It's mixed but not substantively, usually.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just back to talking about the M&A pipeline. Can you characterize what's kind of the size -- the typical size range of the companies you're looking to acquire potentially?
Walter Nicholas Howley: The kind of stuff we typically see, which is $40 million transactions to $300 million transactions. Occasionally, we have bigger ones come by or come up opportunistically, and we look at them. But at least, generally, they haven't made sense on a value basis.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And would you say -- I mean, just stepping to the question earlier about how you think people feel about the cycle. Are you seeing more such books now? Are you seeing more willingness to sell properties? Have you seen any change in that?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I can't say I've seen any change.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Stallard of Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: First of all, on the aftermarket, I was wondering if you could comment or whether you've seen any change in the pattern of parting out or cannibalization out there in the market?
Walter Nicholas Howley: Well, I don't think we have, no. Remember, for the dollar value parts we have, it's a pretty minimal impact. So I -- honestly, if there was a change, I don't know we even notice it for a while. It's a very small -- the cannibalization impact on our sales are very small. And that's primarily because of the dollar value of the stuff we tend to sell.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And then related aftermarket vein, have you seen any impact of the Afghanistan drawdown starting to roll through, maybe in helicopters?
Walter Nicholas Howley: We have not -- well, I would say, so far this year -- the helicopters were the hot thing last year. The helicopters have not been the hot thing this year, but...
Gregory Rufus: They're not bad.
Walter Nicholas Howley: No, but freighters and fighters have sort of picked up the difference. So I don't know that I can draw much conclusion from that, other than it's just sort of rotation of where you spend your money.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And Greg, just a quick one on the dividend equivalency payment. Any idea what this is going to be in Q4?
Gregory Rufus: It's a pretty small amount. $4 million? It's $6 million or $7 million for some options that will come due, so it's a relatively small amount.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And is it going to stay about that run rate for the next 12 months or so?
Gregory Rufus: No, no. I think that'll -- it will be pretty much cut off by the end of this fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Herbert of Canaccord.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up one more time on the commercial aftermarket. And I know its relevancy is maybe limited here, but you do report, from at least a GAAP standpoint or financial reporting standpoint, operating segments, the power and control and airframe. Either in relation of these segments or in general, have you seen any change in your aftermarket by either engine and power related relative to other parts of the airplane? Or has it been sort of fairly consistent growth?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I can't say we've seen any substantive difference in one versus the other. The margins are a little higher on the power side just primarily because the aftermarket content is a little higher on that side.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And I know that [ph] of your total sales, that's maybe, at least on a run rate, about 43%, 44%. But correct me if I'm wrong, engine specific, if I remember well, tends to be about 20% of your aftermarket business?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't remember that exactly. I just don't. Engines tend to be 20%, 25% of the cost of the airframe, so that wouldn't surprise me. But I just don't remember that exactly. There's other things in power other than engines in that power segment. There's fluid power, hydraulic power, things like that.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Sure, sure. Okay, that's helpful. And then just finally, any concern or are you seeing anything, again, on the aftermarket as now that we're sort of into it a little further, with some consolidation here? Any different behavior from the U.S. airlines as a result of consolidation, the purchasing patterns? Or anything you could point to there?
Walter Nicholas Howley: I can't say I see anything yet. The market's picking up. And if anything, they may be buying a little ahead of the market pickup. I don't know that I can draw any trend from 3 to 6 months, but the numbers might suggest that.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call back over to Liza Sabol for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, everybody, for participating in this morning's call. And please look for our 10-Q that we expect to file tomorrow.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol -  W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 TransDigm Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erica, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Liza Sabol: Good morning, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2014 second quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. The company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC, available through the investor section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, please let me now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning. Thanks, everybody, for calling in again this morning to hear about our company. Sorry for the couple of minutes delay. We are technology challenged and our Internet's down here. So that means no hard questions, by the way. Anyway, today I'll start off with the comments about our consistent strategy, update on the commercial aftermarket, an overview of the financial performance and a market summary for what this quarter looks like and an update on our full year guidance. To restate, as I say each quarter, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. Why we believe this? About 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, and around 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Excluding the small non-aviation business, over 1/2 of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and provided relative stability in -- throughout the cycles. Based on our uniquely high EBITDA margins and relatively low capital expenditure requirements, TransDigm has year in and year out generated strong free cash flow. We have a well-proven, value-based operating strategy, focused around what we refer to as our 3 value drivers: New business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. We also maintain a decentralized organization structure with operating unit executives who think, act and are paid like owners. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methods. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets, while allowing us to steadily invest in new businesses and new platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have been able to acquire and improved such businesses through all phases in the cycle. We pay close attention to our capital structure and capital allocation. We view this as another means to create shareholder value. As you know, we have in the past and continue to be willing to lever up when we either see good opportunities or view our leverage as suboptimal for value creation. We typically begin to delever pretty quickly. As this year proceeds, we continue to look at our likely needs for acquisition, internal investment and cash and/or debt capacity, as well as the capital market situations, all in context of our near-term outlook or needs. The current credit market situation, by almost any historical standard, is favorable. From a longer-term perspective the after-tax cost and the terms for debt capital are intriguing, especially when compared to our stated equity return goals. In light of these conditions, we are, as usual, evaluating the capital market conditions and how best to maximize our equity return in this market. At the end of our second quarter, after closing the Airborne and EME acquisition, and based on the current capital market conditions, we believe we have adequate capacity to make over $2 billion of acquisitions without issuing additional equity. This capacity continues to grow. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated levels for fiscal year 2014. Overall, through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a very clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital structure and allocation, we have been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years through up and down markets, and we anticipate continuing to do so in the future. With respect to the commercial aftermarket status, as we reported in the past, we began to see signs of a modest recovery at the end of last year. This has continued and grown in the first half of fiscal year 2014. The second quarter of fiscal year 2014, commercial aftermarket revenues on a same-store basis were up about 8% versus the prior year Q2, and are now up about 7.5% for the first half of this year versus the first half of last year. Our bookings or incoming orders are up about 20% on a Q2 versus prior year Q2 basis and 17% on a year-to-date versus our prior year-to-date basis. We also saw meaningful increases in sales and bookings in a number of our more discretionary products. This aftermarket recovery may not be linear, that is, there may be quarterly ups and downs, many forecasters believe, and our data seems to indicate even more strongly now that the commercial aftermarket is now expanding. If the worldwide economy holds up, we would expect this to continue. Turning to our Q2 2014 performance. I'll remind you, this is the second quarter for fiscal year 2014. Our year began October 1. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons could be significantly impacted by differences in OEM and aftermarket mix, large orders, trends in inventory fluctuations, modest seasonality and other factors. I also want to point out, the EME acquisition had no impact on the income statement in Q2. The second quarter of fiscal year '14 was generally a good quarter for TransDigm. GAAP revenues were up 27% versus the prior year Q2 and 25% on a year-to-date basis. Bookings continue to run ahead of revenues. Reviewing the revenues by market category, again, on a pro forma basis versus the prior year Q2 and year, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial aftermarket, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 11% versus prior Q2 and about the same on a year-to-date basis. This is primarily driven by the commercial transport OEM revenues, which are up 14% year-to-date. The business jet revenues were up much less at 6% on a year-to-date basis. The total aftermarket revenue comps, as I said before, so I won't repeat, were up about 8% versus prior Q2. Our individual operating units continue to be a little spotty, but most operating units are up. The defense market, which makes up about 30% of our revenue. Total defense revenues are up about 1% versus the prior second quarter and about the same 1% on a year-to-date basis. These numbers now include our Airborne business and their revenues in all periods. The Airborne revenues and bookings tend to be more lumpy than our base business. Without Airborne, our underlying defense revenues were up 3% versus the prior year Q2 and 8% on a year-to-date basis. Year-to-date total defense bookings are just about equal to shipments in spite of delays in certain large parachute orders. We did receive the first $8 million release on one of the large delayed GPS-driven cargo parachute project, in early April. This was about $8 million. It's the first release on a large program, but it was too late to book for this quarter. We remain cautious about trends in Military. Moving on to profitability and on a reported basis, I am just going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q2 were primarily due to acquisition-related costs and noncash stock option expenses. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $263 million for Q2 was up 20% versus the prior year and year-to-date, the $507 million is up about 21% versus the prior year-to-date. The EBITDA margin As Defined was about 45% of revenue on a year-to-date basis and roughly the same for Q2. The Q2 margin was reduced almost 2% by the inclusion of Airborne. There seem to be some confusion over this dilution in Q2. Our base business EBITDA margin, excluding Airborne and the 3 2013 acquisitions is running at about 48% on a year-to-date basis. This is up about 1% versus the prior year-to-date. With respect to acquisitions, we continue actively looking. The pipeline of possibilities is reasonably active, about the same mix of sizes, as usual, closings are always difficult to predict and as you know, we don't comment on anything. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Moving on now to our updated guidance for 2014, and I believe this is on Slide 6. The military spending is still unclear. The rate of recovery in the commercial aftermarket seems to be proceeding nicely and the underlying EBITDA margins are running slightly ahead. We are reflecting the recent EME acquisition in this revision. This is our best current estimate. As usual, we will let you know if our views change one way or another. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions in 2014, the guidance is revised as follows. The midpoint of the revised revenue guidance is now $2.34 billion or up about $29 million versus the prior guidance. The revenue increase is primarily due to the EME acquisition, with some modest operations pickup. The midpoint of the revised 2014 EBITDA guidance is $1.06 billion or 45% of revenue, up $7 million from our prior guidance. This margin includes 1.5% of dilution from Airborne and EME. The dilution, as I mentioned, began to show in Q2 for Airborne, and both Airborne and EME for the balance of the year. The dollar increase in EBITDA is from both the EME acquisition for 6 months and some improvement in the base business EBITDA outlook. We are anticipating our base businesses, excluding Airborne, EME and the 2013 acquisitions, to again run at about 48% EBITDA margin. The midpoint of the EPS as adjusted is now anticipated to be $7.58 a share versus the prior guidance of $7.50. The range on this is plus or minus $0.12 a share in either direction. This change is primarily due to the increase in the EBITDA I described above. At this time, our 2014 guidance is still roughly based on the market growth assumptions we gave with our original guidance. We feel a bit more positive about the commercial aftermarket now than we probably did at the beginning of the year and a bit less so about the defense markets. We'll look at this again next quarter. In summary, the first half is about order expectations. Hopefully, the strengthening market conditions continue. But in any event, I'm confident that with our consistent value-focused strategy and strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. And now, I'm going to pass this on to Ray, who will talk a little bit about some recent acquisitions and new business.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total, we had a good second quarter and finished up a busy first half. The consistent application of our operating value drivers and the successful integration of our recent acquisitions continue to add solid value to TransDigm. Let me explain in a little more detail our second quarter operational value creation. In late December, we acquired Airborne Systems Inc. Bob Henderson, one of our Executive Vice Presidents, is working the integration and transition of this business. To date, the transition is well underway and progressing as planned. Bob split this business into 2 separate operating units, one based in North America and one based in the U.K. The North American unit is the larger of the two, and we've moved 2 experienced TransDigm executives into this unit. Bryce Wiedeman is the new President of Airborne North America, and Kevin McHenry is their new Director of Sales and Marketing. Their new assignments will greatly expedite the integration transition and accelerate value-creation efforts. 60 days ago, we acquired Elektro-Metall Export or EME for short. Pete Palmer, one of our Executive Vice Presidents, is taking this German actuator business through the early stages of our acquisition integration process. Both Airborne and EME are applying our proven value-creation processes by restructuring the business in the product line focus groups and implementing our value-creation metrics. They're focusing the engineering and new business efforts on winnable and profitable new business, and they're tightening up the cost structure. Now I'd like to switch gears and talk about our existing businesses. We continue to invest in new business solutions for our broad-based customers. Our operating units have successfully expanded our platform content with significant new business in both the commercial and military markets. In the commercial market segments, we have developed many new applications. Here are some recent examples. On the A350, we continue to win new business applications in addition to those I mentioned on prior calls. Recently, Hartwell has been awarded additional exterior door decompression panel hatches; Adams Rite is developing the secured cockpit door module, along with the interior luggage bin latches; AmSafe Nets has been awarded the A350 cargo net; Champion recently developed and was awarded the ignition system for the Rolls Royce train engine; and Dukes is providing the temperature and vibration sensory memory module on the A350 APU. In addition to prior content on the A320neo, MarathonNorco was awarded the hold open rods for the engine fan cowl. Aero Fluid Products is developing the lubrication system oil control manifold and the trim check valves. On the new Airbus X4 helicopter, MarathonNorco was awarded the nickel-cadmium main battery. AeroControlex was awarded the air data pitot tubes. And Aero Fluid Products is developing the hydraulic system pressure-reducing valves. On the new Bell 525 Relentless helicopter, Aero Fluid Products is supplying the loop pump valves and oil system check valves. Adams Rite Aerospace is supplying the door bolting system for the crew door, the passenger door, the baggage door and the nose compartment access doors. And Dukes is supplying the engines' bleed air valves. And on -- lastly, on the Embraer E2 aircraft, Arkwin was awarded the flight control hydraulic system reservoir, and our AvtechTyee unit was awarded the PA communication system. We're also quite active providing the airlines with cabin interior OEM and aftermarket upgrades. Schneller continues to provide decorative engineered laminates for the OEM and aftermarket first class and business class seating applications and most recently for American Airlines, Qantas, China Eastern, Air France, Japan Airlines and several others. And AmSafe restraints is now providing their reduced-weight seatbelts to American Airlines, Japan Airlines, Aegean Airlines. Other airlines such as Air France, Virgin Atlantic and American are also specifying AmSafe's airbag enhanced seatbelts for some of their premium seating configurations. Adams Rite Bruce lighting product line has won contracts to provide energy-saving LED cabin lighting to various airlines such as Air Canada, Aerolneas Argentinas, Air Astana, Neos Air and Germania. And in the military market segments, we've also been active developing new products and application. AmSafe Nets has won a large multi-year order to supply the French government with their new QuickDrop cargo release actuation system, which allows military helicopters to automatically quickly release underslung cargo loads remotely from the cockpit, and this reduces ground crew risk and it speeds military operation tempo. Airborne secured a large order from the U.S. Army for their advanced RA1 ram-air parachutes, and they also secured orders from Israel and India for their new T11 personnel parachutes. Avionic Instruments was awarded the AC/DC power distribution system on the new Sikorsky S-97 RAIDER helicopter. They're also awarded the main auxiliary power regulator transformer rectifier unit on the CH-53 helicopter. Arkwin also, on the CH-53, was awarded the ramp door actuator. And Aero Fluid Products has developed and was awarded the upgraded oil cooler actuator on the C-130. A lot of product applications. These new engineered solutions and many others not discussed continue to expand our profitable product offerings and add to our future growth. Now let me hand it over to Greg who will review our financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray. Please reference Slide 7 of this morning's press release. I'd like to expand on a few items included in our quarterly financial results. Sales were $591 million and 27% greater than the prior year. Our organic sales were 6% higher than last year, driven by growth in commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket. Second quarter gross profit was $308 million, an increase of 19% over the prior year. The reported gross profit margin of 52.1% was 3.6 margin points less than the prior year. This quarter's margins were negatively impacted by the current year acquisition of Airborne and the acquisitions of Arkwin, Whippany and Aerosonic in the prior year. The dilutive impact from acquisition mix and acquisition-related costs was approximately 4.5 margin points at the gross profit line. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins and the remaining businesses versus the prior year quarter improved approximately 1 margin point. The base business is continuing to expand margins as a result of the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Selling and administrative expenses were 12.1% of sales for the current quarter, compared to 11.9% in the prior year. Excluding stock comp expense and acquisition-related expense, SG&A was 10.5% of sales in both periods. This quarter was sequentially higher than quarter 1, primarily due to additional acquisition-related costs and noncash comp expense. We expect SG&A to average approximately 11.5% in the second half of our fiscal year. Interest expense was $82 million, an increase of approximately $18 million versus the prior year quarter. This was a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $5.7 billion in the current quarter versus $4.3 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to the amount borrowed to distribute $1.8 billion of special dividends last year. Our weighted average interest rate is 5.4%, compared to 5.5% in the prior year. One-time refinancing costs of $30 million were booked in the prior period in conjunction with the refinancing of our senior secured credit facility in February of last year. Our effective tax rate was 33.7% in the current quarter, compared to 31.9% in the prior year. Last year's rate was primarily reduced by the retroactive reinstatement of the R&D tax credit at that time. We still expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be around 34% and our cash taxes to be about $175 million. Our net income for the quarter increased $22 million or 33% to $90 million, which is 15% of sales. This compares to net income of $68 million in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the absence of the refinancing charges booked in the prior period and the growth in net sales, partially offset by higher interest expense and acquisition-related costs. As I discussed in the past, our EPS was calculated under the 2-class method versus the more commonly used treasury method. We are required to use this method because of our dividend equivalent program. As you can see on Tables 1 and 3 of this morning's press release, our GAAP EPS was $1.49 per share in the current quarter, compared to $1.25 per share last year. The current quarter was impacted by dividend equivalent payments of $5 million or $0.10 per share. Our adjusted EPS was $1.87 per share, an increase of 8%, compared to $1.74 per share last year. The 8% increase is lower than the 12% increase in adjusted net income due to the higher weighted average shares in the current period, resulting from the accelerated stock option vesting that occurred primarily in 2013. Again, please reference Table 3 of this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP to adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. After the purchase of EME, we ended the quarter with $476 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's net debt leverage ratio was 5.1x our pro forma EBITDA As Defined. We now expect to end the year with approximately $700 million of cash on the balance sheet, assuming no other acquisition activity. Absent any changes to our capital structure, we expect our net debt leverage ratio to be approximately 4.7x EBITDA As Defined at the end of the year. Now let me hand over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just wanted to talk about the bookings and aftermarket and the strong level you've seen here in the first half, outpacing the growth in sales, and why you might not expect that sales increase to rise into the teams given the bookings. I heard you say it's not linear, but maybe you could flesh that out a little bit more for us.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. We've got -- one, we have some step-up in the second half, and the percents aren't always exactly comparable. When we go through -- let me just look at the quarterly numbers there.
Gregory Rufus: I just want to see what the -- I want to quickly look at where the quarters are.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, there's a step-up in the second half of last year, Rob, so the percents aren't exactly comparable, if you follow me, when you compare them to the subsequent quarters. But as I said, we shipped roughly 8% in the first half of the year. We have to be getting up somewhere in the -- right, 12% or so in the second half of the year, and we think there could be some upside there, Rob. I mean, I don't know how to tell you. We told you we think there should -- could be some upside there, and we're a little concerned about the defense world.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I was going to ask you on the defense. And this is my other question, Nick. Have we not seen -- just based on your numbers and the trajectory here, is that [ph] wave of aftermarket maintenance that we thought would come out of the budget resolution, is that just very shaky at this point?
W. Nicholas Howley: I can't say, Rob. I cannot say we have seen any substantive amount of that.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And is it just that the guys in Washington aren't getting to the orders? I mean, do you -- can you tell what it is?
W. Nicholas Howley: I really don't know the answer, Rob, other than it's not -- there's not a big rush of stuff as I -- that's what I know. I can't -- and I can't say its specific to one program or one operating unit either.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So there are no pockets of weakness that you can identify?
W. Nicholas Howley: The only one it is, as I think I mentioned, the parachute, some of the big parachute orders are -- have been delayed. Now that's a mix, that's all around the world. The one significant one from the U.S. that we've been sort of hanging fire on got delayed. It got awarded right after the -- right at the beginning of the next quarter, but it doesn't show up in the numbers. But we've seen some delays for the parachute upgrades in some other foreign countries too. That's the only place.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. Just to clarify, Nick, with respect to Airborne and the performance there, was that slide out of the DoD order really the only differential relative to your expectations? I caught a little comment you made about the inclusion of Airborne causing some confusion on the margin front. I wondered if you might just elaborate there, how the business performed in total relative to what you were expecting.
W. Nicholas Howley: The margin is -- I think, I know the style [ph] of different comments about the earnings, about the softness of the margin. The margin is what we expected. We expected the margin to step down as we included it. It was not included in the -- so that wasn't a surprise at all and the volume wasn't particularly a surprise. What's a little, frankly, slower than we might have hoped is the rate of bookings, and there were -- there's 2 or 3 big orders, a couple outside the U.S. and one inside the U.S. The one inside the U.S. is subsequently dropped, but we -- I know as we've guided. With the others, the others have not. They're still stretched out some. The other thing we see in that is that's a lumpier business than some of our other businesses, and pushing some of the foreign orders through the hoop is a longer slide than we might have hoped.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. And then just as a follow-up, I know you said no hard questions, so I'll try to keep it as easy as possible. I...
W. Nicholas Howley: Because our Internet's not working, and we actually don't know any answers on our own.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Without Google, I know you're struggling. So this is the time of year where you guys usually begin to gear up for your sort of annual planning cycle, and I know last year that, that affected -- it's seen in your capital deployment decision and the leverage decision and the dividend payout. I wondered if you might kind of step through not only how debt markets and the openness that you referenced are influencing that planning, as well as the end market conditions that, I recall the last couple of years you guys have been pretty conservative or cautious about headcount additions and whatnot. How is that planning cycle shaping up this year with these conditions relative to what we've seen in the past couple?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think -- Greg, let me state this and you correct me if I'm wrong. We are not slamming down on the hiring or the headcount. We are -- by and large, view this, at least at this point, with the exception of the defense business, which isn't that big a part of our business, as -- that we are still -- we are in an expanding market now. I don't know how much more the OEM has, but I don't think it has -- I don't think it's near the top. I think the aftermarket is expanding. As long as the economy keeps coming along, that will come along okay. So I mean, we are -- I would like to say we're fairly balanced on where we are with adding headcount. When it's needed, we're adding it. We're not trying to -- we're not as -- I would say, we're not being as rigid as we were probably a year ago or 6 or 9 months ago, right? Is that a fair assessment?
Gregory Rufus: Yes. And the OEM backlogs are pretty long, so you can see them turn up from far away and you can see them turn down from far away. So right now, our backlogs for next year are filling in like they have every year and...
W. Nicholas Howley: Maybe even a little better.
Gregory Rufus: Yes, so we don't -- we're going to...
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And with respect to the credit market conditions and all that entails in terms of capital deployment, M&A competitiveness. How does that shape up?
W. Nicholas Howley: I think as usual, Carter, our first choice of use of capital is going to be support our existing business and to buy accretive acquisitions that meet our criteria. I can say the stuff on the horizon in general in size isn't much different than we typically see, and the credit markets are very, very positive. I mean, we are -- as we do every year, we're going through the process of trying to decide what makes sense for capital allocation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss at UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My first question, on the EBITDA margin side, you highlighted Airborne, 200 basis point margin hit. As we think about EBITDA margins -- adjusted EBITDA margins, through the rest of the year, your midpoint is roughly -- the midpoint of your guidance is roughly in line with what you've done in the first half. If we think about getting to the high end of your adjusted EBITDA range, what's the biggest driver of that, Nick or Greg? Is it improvement in Airborne underlying margins, is it the aftermarket coming through? Just kind of what gets us to the high end of that EBITDA margin range?
W. Nicholas Howley: On the margin or the dollars?
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the -- well, however you want to comment. I mean, I'm thinking more on the margin side, but however you want to go after it.
Gregory Rufus: I'm just looking at the numbers here. There's nothing much different, is it?
Liza Sabol: Yes, but...
Gregory Rufus: [indiscernible]
Gregory Rufus: I think the margins are pretty close in the range.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well, I think -- if I look at your -- the midpoint of your adjusted EBITDA margin guidance, it's around 45.2%, which is in line with what you've done year-to-date, thinking from the high end [ph].
W. Nicholas Howley: David, I'm just looking at the numbers.
Gregory Rufus: Hopefully, that's the same guidance.
W. Nicholas Howley: There's a couple of things happening, obviously. Airborne did a lower margin. With EME, I'll start [indiscernible]
Gregory Rufus: Just [ph] casually. The range of the -- we have the same margin at the high end of the range for sales and the low end of it. [indiscernible] because [ph] that's why it was disconnected, David. I was disconnected. I mean, what moves the dollars, essentially the revenue. Now the practical matter, what will move that -- the actual, what will move the margin is [indiscernible] aftermarket [ph] shifts. We're light on -- if we're right on the commercial aftermarket assumption, the margin will probably move a little bit.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right, okay. And then Nick, just thoughts on leverage. I know you -- in the past, you've been comfortable going up to kind of 6x. You're at 5x now. Is 6x kind of the right way to think about the high end of where you're willing to go to or...
W. Nicholas Howley: What did they do last year for the dividend?
Gregory Rufus: We went up just a little over 6 net.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, we're up to 6, net. What was the gross last year?
Gregory Rufus: About 6.5.
W. Nicholas Howley: About 6.5. I wouldn't want to -- I don't want to speculate on that. The -- I would say typically, it's been 3.5 to 6.5 kind of numbers, but the credit markets are pretty attractive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Nick, you started to talk about the M&A pipeline a little bit. I wonder if you could just maybe provide a little bit more color in terms of how many good opportunities you see, what valuations are like. And I'm kind of curious, actually, also more broadly, if you have any thoughts on why it seems like activity is picking up broadly in the space. Is it just more executive confidence in the system? Are people worried about the cycle? Nothing specific, just broadly curious if you have any thoughts on that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I don't know -- I understand we had this announcement from B/E yesterday, but I don't -- or the day before or whatever it was. I don't -- I would say, no, in general, I can't say that the level of activity has changed a whole lot that we've seen. We see sort of a reasonable flow of small to midsized stuff generally. I would say prices, they're not getting any better, but they're -- I can't say they're -- of the stuff that's transacted that we know of, it hasn't -- I don't think the prices have moved a lot. I will say to get out of the aerospace business and the typical just industrial sort of PE world, those prices have gotten pretty tough with the -- and we're not in that, but we're just watching them from outside. As the capital markets loosen up more and more and more, that essentially moves up the PE by prices.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so it doesn't sound like...
W. Nicholas Howley: I can't say we've seen -- I mean, the prices are always higher than we want, but I can't say they're markedly higher than they were a year ago.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like on both your opportunity set and your pricing, nothing is substantially different today than 6 months ago.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, no. You're going to pay proprietary commercial stuff with a good aftermarket. You're going to pay a hefty multiple for defense stuff, you're going to pay less.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And the amount of it that's available out there for you?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think it's disproportionate. I mean, I can't -- for a while, we were seeing a lot of defense stuff. I can't say we're seeing that now.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I also had a question on the margins. I wondered if you could parse out what drives the variance between the 47.5, 48 that you'd be at right now without the dilution from your most recent acquisitions, and the 49 to 50 with a handful of quarters over 50 that you were doing 2 or 3 years ago? What's -- now that you can look back at your actuals and things that have layered in, what's driving that differential?
Gregory Rufus: Well, the vast majority is acquisition mix.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, there's other acquisitions other than the ones we're excluding just on a year-to-year basis.
Gregory Rufus: Right, we [indiscernible]
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if you can talk specific businesses and better diluting it.
Gregory Rufus: Well, yes, when we acquired AmSafe, we mixed [ph] out. In AmSafe, we had some good businesses, but we had some ones that we should -- look at our margins, AmSafe was a pretty big deal. And so that was one that [indiscernible] substantially, and depending what timeframe they're in.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't want to start speculating on them and then add up the wrong [ph] details.
Gregory Rufus: But I'm very comfortable saying the EBITDA margins in the 50% ranges, that -- those core businesses are performing very well and the lower margins we're reporting now is entirely due to acquisition mix.
W. Nicholas Howley: We don't have -- there's no -- I don't want to say -- without thinking, I can't say there's no business at all with the margins down. But in general, there's no degradation of margins. Margins in the businesses we have continue to creep slowly up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So first, just to follow-up on the last series of questions. It appears that the valuation for EME was actually quite attractive, at least on a price-to-sales basis. It looks to be at about 1.2. Was just in the line with what you just said about valuations still being somewhat high for commercially levered companies. What enabled you to get such a good deal? Is there something about the margin profile of that business that allowed you to get it at a bit of a discount?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, the -- it's a little bit complicated for the size of it, which probably scared some people off. There's a little bit of concentration issue in Airbus. There was some in there, just -- there was some small part of it that's automotive that you have to be done that may have scared people off. And I think basically, it didn't get shot very wide. Those are the reasons I speculate, but the fact is we bought it for a pretty good multiple. I mean, good for us.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And in terms of the EBITDA margin, can you give us maybe a general sense of where it is now and where you expect it to go?
W. Nicholas Howley: No. We don't disclose that. We don't -- we're not -- we don't disclose EBITDA margin on any individual business.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Long term, is this consistent with the typical targets you have for your acquisitions?
W. Nicholas Howley: Probably not quite as high. We think the value creation opportunity is very good because it's starting low. We'll have to see over time. It's got some contractual LPAs that we're going to have to see how we can work that out. But I mean, it's plenty, plenty of value creation, easily meets our PE kind of return of up over 20%, easily meets that.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just one more, not to belabor EME, but you mentioned it had no contribution in the quarter, I think it closed about 3.5 weeks before the end of the quarter. Why did it not contribute?
Gregory Rufus: Their accounting systems aren't that sophisticated. It's rather small. So for the next several foreseeable months, they'll be at a one month of delay in closing.
W. Nicholas Howley: Which is another way of saying they couldn't get the numbers in time.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: As long as you got the cash, it's okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: We got the cash.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Nick, I noticed your biz jet OEM was up 6% in the quarter. Maybe give us some idea of what some of the drivers might be for that, because we're generally hearing the biz jet is pretty flat at the moment.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I mean, it's the same as everybody sees. The small stuff -- the smaller stuff isn't doing so well, and the bigger jets are doing a little better, and that's essentially all we're seeing. And I think we may have a little bit just with the timing when the shipments were. I don't -- this doesn't -- I wouldn't change our fundamental view on the business jet market. I think the best days are still in front of it.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned last quarter -- well, you didn't really mention, about the Boeing partnering [ph] agreement. You couldn't really say anything about it. I was just wondering if everything has continued to track to your expectations on that new agreement.
W. Nicholas Howley: I still have the same issue I had before. We have a confidentiality agreement, and we sort of have -- we have an agreement on what we'll say, and that's what I've said.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just a quick one. A lot of companies around the U.S. have comments about weather in the first quarter. Is that part of the impact on your business?
W. Nicholas Howley: Not substantively. I don't -- if it is, we didn't notice it. I don't -- I can't say there's any substantive impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about -- with EME, I think that was the first foreign domicile acquisition you've done. Can you just talk about that opportunity set? Should we expect to see more in terms of M&A abroad?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we are -- interestingly enough, we didn't -- we now have 1, 2, 3, 4 standalone businesses in Europe. We have 2 in U.K., and we have one in Belgium and now one in Germany. We are -- now the others came with something else, but they were standalone operating units and we got pretty comfortable with them. I would say we are seeing more activity. What the rate of closure will be, I just don't know. I believe it's a pretty fragmented space, but we have to see one where we see the PE kind of returns on it. But I can say we're seeing more.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Seeing more that actually fit the filter, is that the criteria?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes. And some of that maybe -- we may just be digging harder, too. We had a pretty good guy retained over there that's pretty active.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just to follow-up on that, within what you're seeing, are any of these deals sizable, are they more of the EME size?
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say more in the typical size we see, the more -- more like that, $30 million to $100 million kind of thing. I mean, that's not to say we couldn't tomorrow morning see another -- a bigger one, but that's -- so far, that's sort of what we've been seeing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert with Canaccord.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Just wanted to go back to the earlier commentary on the commercial aftermarket. Nick, have you seen any change in the last 1 to 2 quarters in airlines, comfort with their inventory levels? I mean, are we seeing any restocking. And is that maybe at all contributing to -- obviously, you see that ultimately on the sales side, but maybe the -- sort of the impact on bookings relative to -- the better number in bookings relative to sales?
W. Nicholas Howley: Possibly. I would say, in the -- and for restocking, for the revenues, I don't think so. In other words, if you take the sales and take out whatever price might be in there, I don't think they're running ahead of the RPM or however you want to look at it, consumption rate. So I don't see any signs of that frothing up yet. But I take your question, the bookings might indicate some of that. But when we lay out the shipments for ourselves, at least so far, we don't see it. But if the bookings continue to froth up for a couple of quarters, I would say we're going to start seeing it.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes, okay. And when do you -- I mean, what's -- historically, what's been the lag? I mean, is -- because I know obviously, your commentary and you're sounding a little more optimistic about the commercial aftermarket with your -- with the almost 10% better bookings number relative to sales number. Is that something that you, all things considered, you expect to see this year or is some of that maybe going to spill into fiscal '15?
Gregory Rufus: It starts kicking in, in the second half [indiscernible]
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I mean, it starts kicking in, in the second half, the numbers are going up. But if we continue to book at this rate, probably we would ship more in the second half.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes, okay. Now, I mean, I guess, that question was it's not -- it's not all in the next quarter or 2. I mean, there's -- some of it could spill into '15. It's just hard to predict the timing on all of this, I would guess.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes, yes. But surely, increasing shipments and increasing order rate, you have to believe, is a good sign.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes, no, certainly. It's very positive. I'm just trying to get at how much we see -- obviously, this year -- to some of the earlier commentary, this fiscal year versus how much is this maybe even more of a positive implication for '15. And it's positive for both, obviously.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I think it's too early for us to speculate on '15.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Nick, I think you mentioned, on the last call, you had about $1.5 billion of capacity for equity, and I think you mentioned this morning about $2 billion. You did a deal, small admittedly, in the quarter. But I mean, that seems like a pretty good growth in capacity sequentially. And I'm curious, is that credit environment relaxation? Is it just trailing EBITDA growth? Is it your look at the balance sheet?
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean, it's all of the above. The EBITDA is growing, the LTM grows a little bit, that gives us more capacity. Every quarter, we pile up a couple of hundred million or so more cash, and the credit market is a little better now. But at least -- it weren't better, it's been very good, but it's even a little better now. But I think we most -- I don't think, I know. We've been calculating that number under our current credit agreement. So we're not reflecting an improved credit market yet in that.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then you kind of commented in the context of EME about complexity of deals and kind of your willingness as a buyer [ph] differentiation. You have been more willing to swallow a pill and then regurgitate pieces of it you don't necessarily like. I'm curious, what's the size of the complexity you're willing to entertain when those deals are involved? I mean, McKechnie is I think the biggest that I could point to where you clearly had a large chunk of that, that you would look at as noncore and positioned it as such. I mean, are there big deals that you're looking at where that complexity makes you the preferred bidder right now?
W. Nicholas Howley: You wouldn't be asking me about B/E Aerospace, would you, just by chance?
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You can answer however you'd like, Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: Right. The answer is, I saw that one come out the last few days, just like everybody did. At least today, I don't know of any other big one [ph] that's in the middle or that's hanging fire [ph] anywhere. And I don't know where we are on that B/E business. Prior, we -- I would say, in the past, with the oil well businesses and the distribution businesses, we had little, if any, interest at all. As they break it up -- if it's going to break up, I don't know, we may or may not be interested in some of the parts. I don't know enough about it yet to speculate.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then the last one, so maybe I had the numbers wrong, but Airborne, I thought, was about -- running about $40 million revenue a quarter. And so if it was -- if Airborne was a 3.5 point drag to EBITDA margins as adjusted, it kind of looked like it was kind of netting no contribution to EBITDA in the quarter. Was it running really light or were the margins, on an adjusted basis, out of Airborne really low in this quarter and then pop back up?
W. Nicholas Howley: Greg, can you...
Liza Sabol: [indiscernible] Airborne is almost 2.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, Airborne was just a little [indiscernible]
Gregory Rufus: It was 2, not 3.5, right?
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: To the quarter?
Raymond F. Laubenthal: To the quarter. Yes, to the quarter.
Gregory Rufus: On the operating side, that's excluding -- when I get my numbers, I put in my purchase price [indiscernible]
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, but everything I told him was [indiscernible]
Gregory Rufus: Everything [indiscernible] as adjusted.
W. Nicholas Howley: Airborne was about 2, and then pertaining [ph] to the margins [indiscernible] that we have. So I don't -- maybe it's 2 or 3.5 that's fouling you up.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So EBITDA As Defined would have been 46.5% in the quarter without Airborne?
Gregory Rufus: Yes, pretty close, yes. It's close to 44.5% [indiscernible]
W. Nicholas Howley: Exactly, right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Keybanc Capital Markets.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Nick, just to stay on that one line of questioning, you've obviously expanded your overseas footprint. Do you guys foresee any ability to reduce your tax rate or take advantage of any potential favorable tax treatment with that building base of business there?
Gregory Rufus: There is some, but it's not a material amount because this is a small acquisition. What was nice though was half the acquisition was paid with cash that was overseas, so that was a nice [indiscernible] good deal, but the deal is not big enough just to make a material difference in our tax rate.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then Nick, I think you called out, you're seeing meaningful increases in discretionary related products. That would seemingly imply, I guess, airlines getting a lot more comfortable spending a lot more. I mean, can you give us a sense of -- in terms of maybe your overall revenue mix? Are you more weighted or seeing your percent of discretionary increase versus, I guess, flight [ph] critical type revenues?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, first, the discretionary component in our aftermarket is relatively low. It's well, well under half. We've given out numbers at different times in the past, but it's way below half. So I guess obviously, if one grows a little faster than the other, the percent goes up a little bit. But it's not a particularly meaningful part of our aftermarket. More in the -- what numbers have we given out? I don't want to start -- okay, so I don't want to throw a number. But it's way, way less than half the volume.
Gregory Rufus: I don't think the percent's moved materially just because it's a small number.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. Last one, just on the kind of margins loosening [ph]. It seems like you guys have a significant amount of new product development efforts underway. Is elevated R&D creating any additional drag versus historic periods, or are you seeing more stringent pricing on some of these new programs that you're competing for, where maybe you're not capturing as much on the lower margin to OE side of the business with some of these new products or entry into service on new platforms?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we... Our R&D is well behaved. There's nothing [ph] really unusual with our fleet, and that's not moving around a lot. I mean, we also -- as we've said before, we tend to look at total engineering expense, which is divided between sort of above the gross profit line of growth and that tends to stay reasonably steady. And as a percent of revenues, sometimes, the accounts move around a little bit, but it stays reasonably steady. As far as the new platforms, the ones that -- all the ones coming out, our content is -- we've been -- and I think we've been through this a couple of times, our content is moving up reasonably well on all of the them.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Versus the predecessor.
W. Nicholas Howley: Versus the predecessor, so I can't...
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: How about the operating income or the margins? Are your margins changing at all on those, that new...
W. Nicholas Howley: I can't speak to platform by platform, but I would say, in the total context of the project, in other words we look at the upfront money, the OEM ramp-up, the aftermarket, the economics aren't changing substantively.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Godyn with Morgan Stanley.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Nick, I wanted to ask a bit of a broader question on leverage. Now for years, you guys have demonstrated very strong operations, great M&A track record. You've done well for your creditors, you've done well for your equity holders. At what point do we revisit the historical leverage ranges that we've seen TransDigm operate at? And it certainly sounds like the market would give that to you.
W. Nicholas Howley: You -- I presume you mean higher, not lower?
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley: No. It -- I mean, I don't want to speculate on that. We have to -- we'll -- that will be a very fact and circumstance specific thing. I think generally, our target range is in the range we generally discuss. That's not to say as we've said in the past when we saw a particularly attractive credit situation or acquisition opportunity, we might not jump up above that, but we delever pretty quick.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. On defense, you mentioned a little bit more sort of risk to the outlook there. I think we all sort of expected to hear maybe more sluggish kind of risky commentary around defense, but what can you say just to get us comfortable that there isn't any kind of cliff that you're worried about?
W. Nicholas Howley: I guess, the only thing I could say is we don't think there's any kind of cliff we're worried about in the next 6 months. I don't know what to say about the next 18 months. We could -- we think we have given you a set of guidance numbers that we think are quite achievable. As I told you, if I sort of jumped ahead, 9 months and then looked back, it wouldn't surprise me if the commercial aftermarket was a little better and the defense might be a little worse. But I hope they're right on our expectation.
Operator: In next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Seth Seifman on for Joe this morning. Just following up on defense. You mentioned some of the lumpiness and timing issues with the parachute orders at Airborne. When those orders come in, do they typically convert into sales very quickly?
Gregory Rufus: No. They take -- Airborne has a longer lead time for [indiscernible]
W. Nicholas Howley: [indiscernible] but the -- and those big orders, they book out. And then typically, those orders span multi-year periods as we're finding, and so you'll give big order, they start to ship out maybe at the earliest in 6 months, but usually longer than that because the customer doesn't want it all up front and they don't want to pay all up front. They spread it over 3 or 4 years typically.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And so that order that came through at the beginning of, I guess, of your Q3, it fits that profile?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, similarly.
Gregory Rufus: But not [indiscernible]
W. Nicholas Howley: Of the $8 million we got, that's like going to be [indiscernible] But it's the first order on a big -- much bigger order that will stagger over [indiscernible]. Yes, and then I think I had mentioned some other foreign orders that came in and those are multi-year orders also.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just following up on one last quick one about capital deployment. Nick, you've talked in the past about potentially one day sort of opening the aperture beyond the level of proprietary and sole-source content that you look for in acquisitions. As you figure it today, how do you think about potentially opening that aperture versus say, paying another dividend?
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say -- you mean, open the aperture for proprietary content or out of the aerospace industry or something like that?
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, I guess more so probably the proprietary content, that seems like that's where your...
W. Nicholas Howley: We have little if any interest at all in stepping out the aerospace industry. I would say approaching none, unless we get there by mistake or something. I would say, as we sit here now, we're not -- we don't know that we feel the need to get very far outside of our proprietary envelope definition. That's not a hard black and white line. It has to be a lot of proprietary content, whether a lot means 92 or 81 or 75, I'm not so sure, but we don't feel any need to substantively change.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question which comes from the line of Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just on Slide 7, you have your forecast for the percentage contribution from commercial aftermarket and defense. It seems that, that's changed a bit from last quarter. I think defense contribution goes up, commercial aftermarket goes down. Is that just related to recategorizing where Airborne fall?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. Yes, Airborne wasn't in it last time.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over.
Liza Sabol: Thank you for calling in for our call this morning, and we plan to file our 10-Q sometime tomorrow.
W. Nicholas Howley: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2014 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Regina, and I'll be your conference operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's event is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liza Sabol: Good morning, and welcome to TransDigm Fiscal 2014 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. The company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the Investor section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically, EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. Let me now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, good morning, and thanks again for calling in to hear about our company. Today, I'll start off with some comments about our consistent strategy, then an update on the commercial aftermarket and also on the Boeing Partnering for Success program. I'll then give an overview of the financial performance and market summary for -- in Q1 2014 and an update on the full year guidance. Just to restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and around 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Excluding the small non-aviation business, about 54% of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and provided relative stability in the aerospace cycles. Based on our uniquely high EBITDA margins and relatively low capital expenditure requirements, TransDigm has, year in and year out, generated strong free cash flow. We have a well-proven value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our 3 value drivers: new business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. We also maintain a decentralized organization structure with operating unit executives who think, act and are paid like owners. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methods. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets while allowing us to steadily invest in new businesses and new platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have been able to acquire and improve such businesses through all phases of the cycle. We pay close attention to our capital structure and view it as another means to create shareholder value. As you know, we have been in the past and continue to be willing to lever up when we either see good opportunities or view our leverage as suboptimum for value creation. We typically begin to delever pretty quickly. With respect to capital allocation, we will look closely through the year in our choices for capital allocation. We basically have 4. Our priorities are typically as follows: one, invest in existing businesses; two, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy; these 2 are always our first choices; third, pay off debt. But given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this is likely our last choice in the current market condition; and fourth, give the extra money back to the shareholders, either through special dividends or stock buyback. As the year proceeds, we will look at our likely needs for acquisition and internal investment, our cash and/or debt capacity, as well as the capital market situations, all in context of our near and midterm outlook. At this time, we are not prepared to speculate on what, if any, major actions we might take. We'll see what conditions exist as the year proceeds. At the end of Q1, after closing the Airborne acquisition, based on the current capital market conditions, we believe we have adequate capacity to make about $1.5 billion of acquisitions without needing additional equity. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated acquisition levels for 2014. Overall, through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital structure and allocation, we have been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years through up and down markets, and we anticipate being able to do so in the future. Now to address a few specific items that have to do with this first quarter. As you know, on December 19, we closed on the acquisition of Airborne Systems for about $250 million. We bought this from Metalmark Capital. Airborne is the world leader in the design and manufacture of military personnel parachutes, cargo aerial delivery systems and related products. The company's proprietary products have significant, often sole-sourced positions with the government of the United States, United Kingdom and about 50 additional nations. The primary product offerings include current generation troop parachutes, latest generation steerable parachutes for tight drop zone landings, ram-air, maneuverable parachutes used for special operation activities and precision-guided cargo chutes that are used for high-altitude GPS-driven cargo drops. Airborne's a unique company and asset in the industry with most of its revenue from proprietary and sole-source sales, the company fits well with our criteria and value-creation model. The large number of international customers generate a majority of the company's revenues. The international content is growing and provides a buffer to the current uncertainties of the U.S. defense spending environment. I do not anticipate that this is a business that gets to the PV average EBITDA margin, but I believe it will generate significant shareholder value. Now with respect to the aftermarket status. To reiterate, again, in the second half of fiscal year 2013, we began to see signs of a recovery. We believe the trend was roughly up about 4.5% year-over-year for the second half of 2013. This was after adjusting for certain items we discussed in prior calls. The first quarter of fiscal year 2014 commercial aftermarket revenues on a same-store basis were up about 7.5% versus the prior year Q1. Sequentially, the revenues were up about 6%, in spite of less working days. Additionally, the bookings were up about 14% versus the prior Q1 and up about the same percent sequentially. It's too soon to declare victory, but we surely feel more positive. The recovery may not be linear. There may well be ups and downs in the quarters. Many forecasters, however, believe that our data now seems to suggest more strongly that the commercial aftermarket is now expanding. Time will, of course, tell on [ph] here. I'd also like to comment on the Boeing Partnering for Success program. Though we have a mutual confidentiality agreement, and as I've said in the past, as a general rule, we don't share details of customer negotiations. I can make a few general statements. In January, Boeing and TransDigm reached agreement on the Partnering for Success program, and both signed a memorandum of understanding. We believe this agreement is mutually beneficial to Boeing and TransDigm. As part of this agreement, TransDigm continues and maintains its long-standing position as a valued long-term supplier in good standing for future and existing Boeing airframes. We do not expect this will have any material impact on our financial performance as a result of this agreement. We are pleased to have this concluded and look forward to continuing our large -- our long and mutually beneficial relationship with Boeing. Due to our confidentiality agreement, this will be my only comment on that subject. Turning to our Q1 2014 performance. To remind you, this is the first quarter of our year. Our year began October 1. As I've said frequently, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by mix, large orders, inventory fluctuations, little seasonality and other things. Also, to remind everyone, Airborne is not included in these numbers. We owned it for 10 working days, most of which were a holiday break period. The first quarter of fiscal year '14 was generally a good quarter for TransDigm. Revenue, profits and margins were all strong. GAAP revenue was up 23% versus the prior Q1. Pro forma revenue, that is if we owned the same mix of businesses, was up about 9% on the quarter versus prior year quarter. Reviewing revenues by market category, again, on a pro forma basis versus the prior Q1, that is assuming we own the same mix. The commercial aftermarket -- or the commercial market, which makes up about 3/4 of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 10.5% versus the prior Q1. This is driven by commercial transport OEM revenues, which were up a bit more than that, and the business jet revenues were about flat. Total commercial aftermarket revenue comps, as I said before, were up about 7.5% versus the prior Q1. Our individual operating units continue to be a little spotty, but most units are up this quarter. The defense market makes up about 1/4 of our revenue. Defense revenues are up in the mid-single digit percent versus a very low prior year first quarter -- excuse me, mid-double digits versus a very low prior year first quarter. More significantly, revenues were about 5% up versus the prior year 12-month run rate. There were about $7 million of Tarian shipments almost completing the order. But even without that, removing it from both periods, the percent revenue in Q1 was still up a bit versus the prior year's average run rate. Incoming defense orders or bookings ran slightly ahead of shipments. Ray's going to give you a little more color on this. We are pleased with the military results so far. We hope that the recent budget agreement will provide some stability, but we remain cautious about trends in these markets. Moving on now to profitability. And on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. The as-defined adjustments of Q1 were primarily due to acquisition-related costs and noncash stock option expense. Our EBITDA as defined of about $244 million for Q1 was up 21% versus prior Q1. The EBITDA as defined margin was 46% of revenue for Q1. Our base business EBITDA, that is excluding the 3 acquisitions we made in 2013, was about 48%. That's up about one percentage point versus the prior year's Q1 with a very comparable market mix of products. With respect to acquisitions, we continue looking at opportunities. The pipeline of possibilities is pretty active, about the same mix of sizes as usual. Probably the commercial versus defense mix is a little more normal now. Closings are difficult to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on value-creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Moving on now to 2014 guidance, and I think this is on Slide 6 of the package we gave out. Once again, military spending is unclear. But so far, so good. The rate of recovery in the commercial aftermarket seems to be proceeding, and the EBITDA margins are running slightly ahead. We are reflecting the Airborne acquisition in this revision. This is our best current estimate. As usual, we'll let you know if our views change one way or the other. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions, 2014 revised guidance is as follows: The midpoint of the revised guidance is now $2.3 billion versus our prior guidance of a little under $2.2 billion. This is up about 6% on a GAAP basis versus the prior guidance. The revenue increase is due to the Airborne acquisition. The midpoint of the 2014 revised EBITDA as defined guidance is $1.05 billion or about 45.5% of revenue for the year. It's up $32 million versus the prior guidance. This margin includes 1.5% of dilution from Airborne, which will begin to show in Q2. This is offset partially by some operational improvements that we saw in Q1. The dollar increase of EBITDA is about 3/4 from the 9 months of Airborne acquisition that we owned it and about 1/4 from improved base margins. The midpoint of the EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be $7.50 a share versus the prior guidance of $7.16. This is primarily due to the same items impacting the EBITDA as defined. At this time, our 2014 guidance is still based on the same market growth rate assumptions we gave with our original guidance. We're not yet comfortable enough to increase our full year assumptions. We'll look at this again next quarter. In summary, Q1 was a good start. Hopefully, the strengthening market conditions will continue. But in any event, I'm confident with our consistent, value-focused strategy and strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. Now let me hand this over to Ray, who will discuss some of the high points and operating issues from Q1.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total, our first quarter was better than our expectations. However, we continue to tightly manage our cost structure and work our value drivers to create shareholder value. Let me explain our 2014 first quarter operational value creation a little bit more detail. Right before their holiday shutdown, we completed the acquisition of Airborne Systems Incorporated. The value-creation transition of this business has started, and we are presently working through various productivity projects and structuring the business into our product lines with their associated value-creation metrics. The 3 businesses we acquired last summer are also progressing well. At Arkwin, we have completed the first stage of our productivity restructuring, organized the business into product lines, focused the engineering and installed a proven Sales and Marketing Director and a Controller, who both had come from our existing operations. The Arkwin margins are moving up nicely, and we expect them to eventually reach the average TransDigm EBITDA margins. At our Whippany Actuation business, the transition activity has been more complex as we work through the systematic decoupling from GE. However, progress today is at or above expectations. As with Arkwin, we have completed the first phase of productivity restructuring, organized the teams and the product lines, focused the engineering and installed our value-creation metrics. To expedite the value creation and integration process, we added some proven TransDigm managers to the acquisition. Shortly after we acquired Whippany Actuation, we appointed Jack Stiffler as the President. Jack previously was the President of our MarathonNorco unit. Jack then immediately installed a new Director of Sales and Marketing who also came from one of our existing units. The Whippany margins are also moving up, albeit at a slower rate due to their existing contracts, the nature of some of their government business and the drawdown of certain distribution inventory. We don't expect their margins to get as high as the TransDigm average. However, we do expect them to meet or exceed our acquisition model. Lastly, our Aerosonic transition -- acquisition transition is also on track with similar progress as discussed with Arkwin and Whippany Actuation. In addition to the productivity improvements and product line work, we appointed Joe Grote as President. Joe previously was the President of our CDA unit. Joe also drew on existing TransDigm talent and installed [ph] an Internal Manager as one of the new product line managers at Aerosonic. Aerosonic's margins are also expanding. Our internal talent development continues to serve us well. The salting of TransDigm talent into these recent acquisitions generally augments their value-creation transition. In fact, the vacancies created by moving the new presidents and managers into these acquisitions were also backfilled by internal talent, TransDigm talent. As I have said in the past, we believe our succession planning and value-creation culture are key to growing TransDigm value. As Nick mentioned, our defense segment continues to outperform our expectations. I'd like to give this a little color. Last quarter, we stated that our fiscal 2013 defense market revenues were up a healthy 7% over fiscal 2012 revenues and that our defense market growth expectations for 2014 were flat coming off of these rather strong 2013 results. Our last 2 quarters of defense bookings have continued to be better than expected. Typically, defense bookings precede revenue by about 3 to 9 months, so this strong order rate gives us a good near-term backlog. We have upside in this segment for our first half. If this strength continues, we may also have upside in our defense revenues in all of 2014. The strength in the recent 6 months defense segment has been more aftermarket than OEM. Generally, the uptick in OEM has been for our new products and applications on the A400M and the F-35 or the JSF. The significant aftermarket strength has been predominantly from our products on the active fleet of fighters: the F-15, F-16, the F-18, the F-4 and the A-10 attack aircraft, and also cargo aircraft, the C-130 and the C-17. We'll see how this continues as the year progresses. But so far, so good. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus, our CFO, who will review the first quarter financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray. As disclosed in this morning's press release and just discussed by Nick, our first quarter sales were $529 million and 23% greater than the prior year. Our organic sales were 9% higher than last year, and the growth in commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and defense were all positive. Our first quarter gross margin was $284 million, an increase of 19% over the prior year. The reported gross profit margin of 53.7% was 1.7 margin points less than the prior year. The dilutive operational impact from acquisitions was a little over 2 margin points. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins in the remaining businesses versus the prior year quarter improved approximately 0.5 margin point. Selling and administrative expenses were 10.8% of sales for the current quarter compared to 12.8% for the prior year. The 2 percentage point decrease was primarily due to lower SG&A spending as a percent of sales relative to our sales growth and lower noncash stock comp expense versus the prior year Q1. If you recall, we accelerated this expense in quarter 3 last year, which had the impact of lowering this year's expense. Interest expense was $81 million, an increase of approximately $18 million versus the prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $5.7 billion in the current quarter versus $4.2 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to the amount borrowed to distribute $1.8 billion of special dividends last year. Our weighted average cash interest rate has decreased to 5.4% compared to 5.6% in the prior year due to the lower interest rates on the new debt. Our effective tax rate was 33.6% in the current quarter compared to 32.6% in the prior year. We still expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be around 34% and our cash taxes to be about -- approximately $190 million. Our net income for the quarter increased $12 million or 16% to $86 million, which is 16% of sales. This compares to net income of $74 million in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the growth in net sales, partially offset by higher interest expense. As I've discussed in the past, our earnings per share is calculated under the 2-class method versus the more commonly used treasury method. We are required to use this method because of our dividend equivalent program. As you can see on Tables 1 and 3 in this morning's press release, our GAAP EPS was $1.44 per share in the current quarter compared to just $0.66 per share last year. The prior year quarter was significantly impacted by the dividend equivalent payment of $38 million or $0.70 per share compared to the $0.07 per share this period. The higher dividend equivalent payment was associated with the $700 million or $12.85 per share dividend paid in November of fiscal '13. Our adjusted EPS was $1.66 per share, an increase of 10% compared to $1.51 per share last year. The 10% increase is lower than our 16% increase of adjusted net income due to the higher weighted average shares in the current period, resulting from the accelerated stock option vesting mentioned earlier. Again, please reference Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP and adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. After the purchase of Airborne, we ended the quarter with $411 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's net debt leverage ratio was 5.4x our pro forma EBITDA as defined. We now expect to end the year with approximately $750 million of cash on the balance sheet assuming no other acquisition activity or changes in our capital structure. We expect our net debt leverage ratio to be approximately 4.7x EBITDA as defined at the end of our fiscal year. Now let me hand it over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question today comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Nick, on M&A and the M&A pipeline, you provided some comments on sort of what you could do right now given where the balance sheet is, but you didn't really talk about the health of the pipeline as you see it today, which you normally do. Is that something you're willing to share with us right now?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. No, I thought I -- you may find it unfulfilling, but I thought I said about the same thing I always did, that our pipeline is pretty active, where we remain working with -- I think I've said that there's a little more normal than we normal -- than we have been seeing in the commercial trends mix. The sizes and the stock are about what we usually see.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: When we see Airborne, which is essentially all military, should there be any part of us that interprets that to mean it's now proving more difficult to find reasonably priced aerospace, primarily commercial assets, that have the characteristics you're looking for, or is this more specific to what you saw in Airborne?
W. Nicholas Howley: It's more specific what we saw in Airborne. We are not -- as we've always said, we're looking for proprietary aerospace kind of products with a reasonable amount of aftermarket. And if they meet our sort of P/E kind of return, we're an interested buyer. We're not biased necessarily against defense, though I must say I don't -- I wouldn't want to move this -- we wouldn't want this to be a 50-50 defense business. But if the price is right and it has the right characteristics, we're interested in it. All things being equal, we'd probably pick a commercial business. But you deal with them as they come up, and this looks like a good, accretive transaction to us.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So it doesn't sound like you're really finding it more difficult in any meaningful way to find good, reasonably priced, primarily, aerospace assets compared to 12 months ago or 18 months ago or any time.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I don't think so. You can always argue what reasonably priced means. But I would say, the prices haven't changed substantively as best I can tell. The hardest issue is always finding things that meet our -- our criteria is pretty tight. We want it to be proprietary. We want to double [ph] our sole-source stuff. That's always the issue is this sorting through them to get the ones that really meet our criteria.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the base defense business where you commented that the shrink there is aftermarket, not original equipment. And I think you mentioned within that, it's fighter and cargo. Is it possible, even if rough order of magnitude, to quantify how much of your defense aftermarket business is fighter versus cargo versus helicopter? Because we've seen a number of other companies have pretty significant weakness in their defense aftermarket business, attributing it to helicopter. We've heard investors speculate that they would think that's something that would eventually impact TransDigm. It doesn't sound like that's happening, at least, yet. So if we could understand that mix a little better, I think that would be helpful.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Okay. Noah, this is Ray. Well, first off, the government ordering patterns and so forth, and we've said this in the past, can be quite lumpy. So it's tough to take a comparison from one period to the next and start drawing general conclusions. We just happen to see that the aftermarket was a little stronger than the OEM. That doesn't mean the OEM was way down. We're kind of spread about 1/3-1/3-1/3 on our platforms, about 1/3 of our applications are on the helicopters, about 1/3 in the kind of fixed lean fighter area and about 1/3 in the cargo aircraft. Helicopters were strong for us in prior years, a little bit more so, not like they were as strong in the most recent period. We don't think that's any big trend, but that's just how they kind of were lumpy this time around.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the first one I have for you -- I guess -- so just maybe to follow up on the military question for a second. Was there a big difference in domestic versus international in terms of the strength of growth? I know that there was a larger international booking you had last year. I don't know if that's helping in some of the near-term sales numbers.
W. Nicholas Howley: That one is -- I think as I've said, Myles, in the lead-in, that, that was about $7 million in the quarter, would consist about the same as it was in the fourth quarter of last year. That order is almost finished. I want to say it was a $17 million or $18 million order and that we shipped about $15 million of it. But even if you strip that out of both periods, the run rate from this first quarter was higher than the average run rate for last year. And I talk about the average run rate because the first quarter was very low last year. So that's a meaningful comp, at least for us. We sort of look at the average run rate just because -- otherwise the increases is a little distorted. But clearly better than we hoped, than we thought it may be, and we feel decent about the next quarter.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Good. And then, Greg, on the SG&A leverage, keeping in control on the cost growth lower than the sales growth, do you have a kind of thought on the target range for SG&A as a percent of sales or how much more leverage you can get out of constrained cost there?
Gregory Rufus: Well, this quarter is a good quarter. We're still planning on our total SG&A for the year to be about 11.5%.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And that's inclusive of the -- that's not an adjusted basis. That's inclusive of the comp?
Gregory Rufus: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Nick, you talked about the lower margins at Airborne. And maybe I got to factor in more when I look at incremental in the guidance, between the added sales and the added EBIT -- EBITDA as defined, but it -- I think by my math, it's about a 25% EBITDA as defined margin for the contribution of Airborne this year. And that would seem to be a bit of a departure. Is this a one-off? Is it the nature of this military business and the parachute business, or is -- might we see some more deals at lower margins?
W. Nicholas Howley: So you'll do the math.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I used the midpoint, and I know there might be other puts and takes in there.
W. Nicholas Howley: You're not miles off. And I'll give you the pieces, right, so you could figure it out. The -- well, it's not unusual that we bring businesses in substantially below our average. I mean, bringing the businesses in 25% EBITDA is not unusual at all for us. I would expect that's more the rule than the exception, have a business come in like that. However, I will say the nature of this business is such it's not going to pipe [ph] this long [ph] . Who knows where the future could bring, but I think it's unlikely this business gets up to 50% EBITDA.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess maybe the way to ask you this, is this the before or is this the after margin or something in the middle?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I hope to hell it's the before. I'll be very sad if it comes down from here, Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, yes. We all hope not. On -- I don't want to ask you specifically about -- any more about the deal you did with Boeing, because you said you won't talk about it. But one thing I think we're struggling for is, just abstractly, in these deals, everybody says it's a win-win for everybody. But the presumption is that somebody has to give a little more than the other. Can you just talk, from an abstract perspective, of how the horse-trading works on these things?
W. Nicholas Howley: Rob, I just can't. We have -- this is a -- it's very sensitive to Boeing, and somewhat to us, that we maintain a confidentiality agreement with how this -- and we -- we were very clear with them what we would and wouldn't say. And I really just can't go beyond it, other than to say, as we said, this is not going to have a -- we don't see this having a material impact on our financial statements or our performance. And obviously, we thought it was worthwhile deal to make or we wouldn't make it.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. You were clear you weren't going to go there, so I just wanted to try.
W. Nicholas Howley: Maybe if you ask it weekly, I might miss the question.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's good wreck [ph] . I'll remember that next time. On -- I'll try this one. On the aftermarket, we've gotten some sense that aircraft, that used aircraft are being extended a little bit more than before. Aircraft coming off-lease are being re-leased, maybe having a little bit easier time getting remarketed than even 6 months ago. Does this explain any of the strength you're seeing? Do you get a sense in talking to your customers that the mix of the fleet is not shifting quite as quickly to new as we thought, not because the new aircraft aren't delivering, but because the old ones aren't retiring as quickly?
W. Nicholas Howley: Rob, I also heard that anecdotally. But I honestly can't tell you that I can give you any good numbers or I have any numbers to give me any particular comfort in that. But I have heard that anecdotally also.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just following up on that question on the aftermarket. Off of the levels that you saw in Q1, what kind of sequential growth do you need to kind of hit your high single-digit target for the year?
W. Nicholas Howley: We didn't really give quarterly guidance. So we didn't...
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. I'm just talking maybe if you take Q4, what...
W. Nicholas Howley: We haven't given that, Myles, by quarter, and I don't want to speculate on it now. But you could figure it out pretty well, right?
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. I'm not -- that's the reason I asked, because it doesn't seem to apply much in the way of any sort of sequential growth or not much sequential growth.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. So we have to get there. If we said, 8% to 9% for the year, right, we'd have to -- if everything was linear, if you get 7.5% in the first quarter, we need to get whatever that comes to -- in the 10.5% in the fourth quarter.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. But I'm just talking kind of sequential off the run rate where you are today.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. We haven't given that, and we prefer to stay away. We don't care to give quarterly guidance on it. We did tell you -- we did give you some data on the bookings.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, yes. I think Ray mentioned that -- or maybe it's Greg about the increase in guidance on the EBITDA side. There's about 25% of it from the base operations. Is that some of the upside? I assume it's not upside on some of the recent acquisitions. Where exactly is that coming from?
W. Nicholas Howley: It's just the -- it's the underlying business, however you want to define it. We bumped up -- I want to say $32 million is not the number [indiscernible] , $32 million. We wanted to give you some sense how much of that was Airborne and how much was -- the margins were a little -- I feel a little better about the margins.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And I'll try another one on this Partnering for Success. Yes, I'll give it a shot. I mean, is it -- the agreement that you were able to reach with Boeing, does it change anything fundamentally about your business model in terms of the kind of upside you can get from the aftermarket once you're spec-ed into an aircraft. Thinking about new aircraft that are still to come and your position on that, does it change anything from that -- in that...
W. Nicholas Howley: I just don't want to -- as I've said, we -- I do not see a material impact on our business. And so -- and we just -- we have a -- I'm just going to repeat myself now. We've been pretty clear with Boeing and Boeing with us that we'll say what we agreed to say and no more.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, last one. Greg, what is the D&A assumption for the year? Does the amortization step down as we go through the year?
Gregory Rufus: Well, boy, not with Airborne now, right? And, well, we haven't gone -- hold on. Our prior guidance -- where are we at? Is this your D&A and depreciation? Okay. D&A and amortization goes up about $6 million, and backlog was up about $6 million.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Off the prior guidance?
Gregory Rufus: Off the prior guidance.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Godyn with Morgan Stanley.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Nick, in the prepared remarks, you mentioned sort of buybacks is one of the options. Of course, you haven't really used that in the past. I'm just curious, has the thinking evolved at all on buybacks versus special dividends?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't -- I think it is mostly, so far with us, been a question of magnitude. We have -- the magnitude of the givebacks to the shareholders have been very big. I know it -- the first thing was 20% of the share value. The ones we did last year were about 25%. Our thinking on those has been with such big numbers, we'd be better off to give the dividend and get it over with for surety of execution and the like. If the numbers were smaller, it wouldn't be so clear to us what made sense. I mean, we're not opposed to a buyback. It's just is a -- it's a very fact- and circumstance-specific thing.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And if I could ask a question about aftermarket. Certainly, the recent trends have been strong but the guidance for the full year looks good. But I was hoping that you could offer maybe some bigger-picture sort of commentary around it. As you read the tea leaves for different product lines, what you're hearing from customers and maybe your own top-down view, I mean, what can you tell us about the sustainability of this inflection in aftermarket that we're seeing? Does this have legs?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, as I told you, it feels to us, and our data seems to indicate and everybody else seems to indicate, that this market is now expanding and rising. We think it is. Now I would say, as I've said, a lot of times, these things aren't linear. They don't always go up in a straight line, and there could be bumps along the road. But it feels to us like this is a rising market that's got 2 legs to it.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just last one on Partnering for Success, but just a clarification. I'm assuming your best estimate of that agreement is in the 2014 updated guidance. Is that true?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes.
Operator: Is from the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Nick, just a couple of quick ones on the aftermarket. First, I was wondering if you could tell us if aftermarket volumes are actually up in the quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: Up against what? Up against the -- or you mean to strip the price out?
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, if you stripped out the price. I think in prior quarters, you've said that -- you've talked about -- you haven't given us a number, but you said if it's up and down.
W. Nicholas Howley: You mean what is it in unit sales because -- Rob, is that what you're after?
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Actual units. That's a good way of putting it.
W. Nicholas Howley: You mean if you stripped out the price. Yes, they're absolutely up. It's up. That rise is greater than the average price increase.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a second one. Last quarter, you talked about this whole issue of normalized growth, then some issues in the distribution chain. Has that all sorted itself out now?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. It is not a material impact or significant impact on this quarter. It's -- when we look down, there's kind of puts and takes where it was kind of all in one direction. Some of the other quarters now, whatever movement there is sort of all cancel each other out. So it looks to us like a pretty clean number.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And then just finally on your OEM guidance for the year. It's obviously a bit down from where you did in the first quarter. How do you think this is going to play out, because I'd imagine you have pretty good visibility on wherever Boeing and biz jet guys, want to take their volumes over the next 12 months.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't -- what did we say? It was 10.5% in the first quarter. It's going to add to roughly our -- what's our year? The same? Yes. So I wouldn't draw anything from that, other than it's just timing on when some things happen to ship. But if it looks like it -- if it start to look like it's a likely annual change, we'll update it next quarter. But we don't know anything other than some timing. I don't know anything about their shipment or production rates or inventory swings that would make me change something right now in the OEM world.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So first question on the guidance. Based on the first quarter, it seems like you might have even raised it little bit more. I was just wondering to what extent that some of the macroeconomic perturbations here in the last week or 2 maybe stage [ph] your hand a bit. And if not for that, would have guidance been a bit higher perhaps?
W. Nicholas Howley: Possibly. I would say the defense business is better than we expected. And as Ray said, probably the first half of the year is better than we expected. If that continues, that clearly could be an upside. The commercial aftermarket is a good quarter. It's just too soon for us to feel comfortable moving our yearly number up. I don't know if I could attribute that to one thing or another. Just that we don't have enough data yet. On the commercial -- on the OEM business, commercial OEM business, I don't -- I have no basis really at this point to change it, and we think it's all been just timing between the quarters.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And I guess related question. I don't think many of us would've expected that tapering would actually cost interest rates to come down a bit. But assuming that tapering ultimately gets interest rates heading in the opposite direction, to what extent do higher interest rates out in the market impact your capital allocation plans? In other words, if interest rates begin to go up, does that put a little bit more incentive on you guys to maybe pay back some of the debt over time?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, at some point, of course, it does. But I would say, in the range of likely movements in the next 3, 6, 9, 12 months and this is always risky to say that. There [ph] were likely movements in the capital market could be. But in the range of what I think is likely, it probably doesn't change our minds a lot. Our average interest is, Greg, I want to say 5.4%, about 5.4%? It's that -- let's say that average went -- which will be very hard to do if you look at our mix. But let's say it went to 6.5% or 7%, I doubt that changes our decision significantly, particularly when it's after tax money.
Gregory Rufus: And in the short run, by the end of '14, we already have some contracts that will fix the variable. It will be closer to 70% fixed at the end of '14.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes. As of the end of '14, for the next 4 or 5 years, 75% of the debt's fixed.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Yes. I was also thinking about the fact that if you know that down the line, you're going to have to refinance that debt at some point, would you want to take some exposure down even if your rates are fixed?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't -- I would just say I don't want to speculate. We are not working on that right now. We're forever getting people in, giving us pictures on restructuring it. We did a fair amount of restructuring last year. And at least, right now, that's not in our gun sight.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just one modeling question. Can you just kind of walk through the bridge between the gap and pro forma EPS this year?
Gregory Rufus: You know what? Rather than bore you to death, I think that's on Page 9, that slide that takes the EPS down and it shows the differences. When you look at our original guidance, dividend equivalent payment stays the same. Noncash stock comp's about the same, a little more. And the acquisition-related costs are up, reflecting Airborne, because there's some severance and reorganizational costs that'll be associated with that acquisition.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Nick, I was wondering on the commercial aftermarket if you might be able to provide a little more color like you did with defense on what types of products or what types of platforms are doing better or worse, or is it really just random and spotty like you said in your comments?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. When we say spotty -- I'd say spotty, but mostly up. But everything's not up. The -- I can't tie this to one platform or another. I can say, some of the discretionary things that weren't moving as well in last year started to move this quarter. We'll see whether that's a pattern or not.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just over on Airborne, understanding that we've already talked about the military versus commercial and the margins. But just stepping back, the product type seems very different than almost everything else that you have in your portfolio. I'm just looking at a page in your annual report right now and something you've had on your slides with all the different types of hardware. Most of it is bolted on to something that flies. This is kind of its own -- my understanding is its own kind of self-contained system. So when you think about pricing power and all the things that you guys typically go after, channel to markets, the competitive landscape, how would you characterize -- how do you get comfortable with something that's a little different in that respect?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we had to get through the -- to try to understand it, as best we could on any, and model it. We think there is our value drivers, which are new product development, cost reduction and pricing opportunity, we think they're sum of all here. The -- and -- the -- we -- so when we go through and do the math, even on a constant multiple, we see our private equity-like return on it, which we -- as I think you know how we do that. We define that as we roughly capitalize something about -- at our average, our long-term average, and assume the rest is equity. So we saw pretty good return, even in a constant multiple. And also, frankly, we are -- we bought it at a pretty good price. So I mean, it has a fair amount of the attributes that we like to see in the business.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: When you think about your pricing power in the competitive landscape specifically -- I mean, maybe if you could just characterize the competition. Is this something you go out and you're able to raise the price every year?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, that's -- it's different in the different segments. But we see opportunity there or, frankly, we wouldn't have bought it. And I don't want to start speculating on where it might make sense and where it might not. But I would say the opportunities in the domestic market may not be as good as they are in foreign markets. But this is a business that is majority outside the U.S. and growing outside the U.S.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Keybanc.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Nick, maybe just one more on Partnering for Success. Can we assume that any future acquisitions that you guys make are going to be incorporated into this sort of contract or is there any renegotiation that has to happen?
W. Nicholas Howley: Michael, I think I have to say for Partnering Success, I think you've got about all you're going to get.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: All right, fair enough. I figured you'd might. On -- then on the aftermarket, can you sort of -- as you look at the airlines, can you guys point to any sort of are there restocking trends? Are you seeing maybe the average dollars spent on shop visits ticking higher? Can you give us any kind of qualitative color as to maybe what you're seeing from the behavior of the airlines?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I can say that if you guys were to look through with the distribution, we were having all kinds of inventory movement around. That seems to have settled down. So as I said, through the puts and takes sort of cancel each other out. We still have the situation with the GE business we acquired that we knew we're going to have to draw down inventory, but that's not material and it's offset by some other things. I can say we saw more activity in the discretionary products, which isn't a big part of our business. But what it is, we saw more activity this quarter than we had in the past, which would lead us to think that people must feel better. As far as average order size, I don't know that I can speak to that with any specificity. Though presumptively, it's a little higher.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then last one. You guys mentioned a couple of times, just the EBITDA margins and you kind of went back and referenced the core TransDigm margins. Should we be thinking about, in aggregate, your EBITDA margins for that target coming down as you continue to make these acquisitions? I mean, Airborne is going to be a part of the business. You guys are acquisitive. I mean, structurally, should we think about your EBITDA margins coming down a couple of hundred basis points?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't want to -- I really don't want to speculate on that because it's very dependent on what we buy, the rate at which we buy them and the rate at which they can be improved. I mean, generally, if we slow down the acquisitions, when things slow down, the margins start to expand quicker. I think for the full year this year, if you strip out the 3 acquisitions last year and Airborne, I think the rest of the business, we think, will expand about 1.5 margin points. So maybe that gives you some sense.
Operator: You have additional question that is queued up from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just wondering if there's any difference by geography you can speak to in the aftermarket, regionally.
W. Nicholas Howley: We're seeing different trends in geographic. I don't know -- truthfully, I don't know enough to -- I don't know the answer to that for these past 90 days. I mean, I could - I would speculate that it's probably more movement in the Pacific Rim than Europe, but I don't know the number.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just any change by channel distribution versus direct MRO?
W. Nicholas Howley: No.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time, so I'll turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks you'd like to make.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, everyone, for calling in this morning, and we plan to file our 10-Q sometime tomorrow. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your participation today. This will conclude the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-11-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2013 TransDigm Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Celia, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Celia, and welcome, everyone, to TransDigm's fiscal 2013 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next few weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are non historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the Investor section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share for those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning, and thanks again for calling in here about our company. As I usually do, I'll start off with some comments about our consistent strategy, then an overview of a busy fiscal year '13, the financial performance and some market summary for '13 and our initial guidance for fiscal year 2014. A fair amount to cover. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize why believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, around 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider; excluding the small non-aviation business, about 54% of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced higher gross margins and it provided relative stability in the down cycles. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins and relatively low capital expenditure requirements, we have, year-in and year-out, generated very strong free cash flow. We pay close attention to our capital structure and view it as another means to create shareholder value. As you know, we have, in the past and continue to be willing to level up when we either see good opportunities or view our leverage as suboptimal for value creation. We typically begin to delever pretty quickly. In keeping with that philosophy, we paid out $2 billion of special dividends and related payments in fiscal year 2013 or about 25% of our beginning of the year market equity value. During the year, we also raised about $4.3 billion of both senior debt and high-yield bonds at an average interest rate of around 4.4%. About $2.2 billion of this was used to reduce our interest expense, extend maturities and increase flexibility. After paying the special dividend -- dividends and making 3 significant acquisitions for about $475 million, we closed fiscal year 2013 with about $565 million in cash, $300 million in unrestricted undrawn revolver and additional capacity under our credit agreement. We ended the year with a net leverage of about 5.5x EBITDA. Just to run through again, in deciding to pay out the special dividend this year, we look loosely at our choices for capital allocation. To remind you again, we basically have 4. Our priorities are typically as follows: first, invest in our existing business; and second, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy. These 2 are always our first choice. Third, we can pay off debt, but given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this is likely our last choice in the current capital market conditions. And lastly, we can give the extra back to the shareholders either through a special dividend or stock buyback, as you saw us do this year. As we looked at all our likely needs for acquisitions and internal investment requirements, we believe, based on what we knew then and know today, that we had adequate cash and or debt capacity for our near or midterm needs. Combining that with historically low interest rates and extensive capital availability, we have an opportunity to accelerate returns to our shareholders while maintaining adequate liquidity and borrowing capacity to meet our near and midterm operating and acquisition needs, thus a roughly $3 billion of payouts. At 9/30/13, based on current capital market conditions, we believe we have adequate capacity to make over $1.5 billion of acquisitions without issuing additional equity. This capacity grows as the year proceeds. This does not imply anything about acquisition opportunities or anticipated levels of acquisition in 2014. We have a well-proven value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our 3 value drivers, new business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. We stick to these as the core of our operating management methodology. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets, while allowing us to steadily invest in new business and platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire businesses with proprietary aerospace products and significant aftermarket content when able to acquire and improve aerospace businesses through all phases of the cycle. As you probably know, in fiscal year '13, we acquired 3 such aerospace businesses, with over $200 million of combined revenues and about $45 million of EBITDA, for a total price of approximately $475 million. All 3 of these businesses are proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content and we expect all to generate returns above our private equity life targets. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a clear acquisition strategy and very close attention to our capital structure and capital allocation, we've been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years through up and down markets. I'd like to address now the status of our commercial aftermarket. In our fiscal year -- in our Q3 of this fiscal year, we believe we began to see signs of a market recovery. We, as many in the industry, have been a bit surprised by how long this soft market has continued, especially in light of the decent underlying market trends. The reported Q4 commercial aftermarket revenues were flat and the annual revenues were roughly flat. However, the quarterly comps are messy, with a lot of noise, particularly around some of the acquisitions. As we dig deeper, we see this early stage in spotty recovery appears to have continued into our fiscal year Q4. To expand on this a little bit and share with you how we look at this internally, our pro forma revenues on a same-store basis for Q4 normalized, primarily for changes in business practices at recently acquired acquisitions, distributor changes and some related inventory movements, appear to have trended up in the range of 4% versus the prior Q4 at about the same percent sequentially. Additionally, we take weekly samples of direct sales of our spare parts to airlines, both from certain operating units and our larger distributors. This is a sample of a significant percent of our spare parts revenues and showed increases a bit above the mid-single-digit percent, both in Q4 of fiscal year '13 versus the prior, as well as Q4 fiscal year '13 versus Q3 or sequentially. So roughly in the same range as the normalization adjustment I talked about above. I would say it's too soon here to declare victory. We're very comfortable with our market positions. I doubt this recovery will be linear. I suspect there'll be quarterly ups and downs. Many forecasters, however, believe and our data seems to indicate that we are at or past the commercial aftermarket inflection point. Time will of course tell here. As a point of interest, as we look at Q1 of fiscal year '14, it has about 10% less working or shipping days than Q4 fiscal year '13. So it may be tough to see an absolute sequential improvement. Now to summarize fiscal year 2013. It was a busy year. As I said before, we raised about $4.3 billion of debt. We acquired Arkwin for $286 million. We acquired the GE Whippany actuation business for $149 million. We acquired Aerosonics for $40 million. We paid out $2 billion or about 25% of our initial market value in 2 special dividends. We continued integration of our various acquisitions. And we dealt with a softer commercial aftermarket than we anticipated. All the while, we think we continue to generate real intrinsic value in our new and existing businesses. Turning to the performance. I remind you again, this is the first quarter and full year for fiscal -- and full year report for our fiscal year 2013. Our year ends September 30. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, inventory fluctuations in the system, modest seasonality and the like. Although the commercial aftermarket was soft, fiscal year '13 was generally a good year for TransDigm. GAAP revenues were up 17% versus the prior Q4 and 13% on a full year basis. Pro forma revenues, that is if we own the same mix of businesses, was up about 5% on a quarter-versus-quarter and about 3% on a full year basis. Reviewing the revenue by market category, again, on a pro forma basis versus the prior Q4, that's assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial markets, which make up roughly 3/4 of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 10% versus prior Q4 and 7% on a full year basis. This is primarily driven by commercial transport OEM revenues. The commercial transport growth rate primarily reflects increase in airframe production rates. The smaller full year business jet segment growth was lower, more like in the 3% range. I remind you that total commercial aerospace OEM was up 23% the prior year. Total commercial aftermarket revenue comps are a bit messy, as I said before. As I described, normalized on a Q4 versus Q4 basis, they appear to be trending up roughly in the mid-single-digit range and about the same sequentially. Our individual operating units continue to be a little spotty, was about 3/4 or 75% of our units on the same basis were up in Q4 '13 versus the prior year Q4. The defense markets, which roughly make up 1/4 of our revenue, our defense revenue continues better than we anticipated. Revenues were up about 11% versus the prior year fourth quarter and 7% on a full year versus full year basis. The U.K. Ministry of Defence new Tarian product shipments made up about 2% of the full year 7% growth. Adjusted for the U.K. order, full year incoming orders are still running slightly ahead of shipments. We remain cautious about trends in the military. In total for the year, our revenues for commercial aftermarket were lower, while commercial OEM and military revenues were better than we expected going into the year. Now moving along to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The as defined adjustments in Q4 were primarily due to acquisition-related cost. Our EBITDA of about $248 million for Q4 was up 15% versus the prior Q4. On a full year basis, our EBITDA As Defined, again, was just about $900 million, or up about 11% from the prior year. The EBITDA As Defined Margin was about 46% of revenues for Q4. On a full year basis, our EBITDA margins were just about 47%. The full year margins was diluted about 2% from the impact of acquisitions and, to a lesser extent, the commercial aftermarket mix. The Q4 margin was also diluted about 2.5%, primarily for the same reasons. With respect to acquisitions, we continue actively looking at opportunities. The pipeline of possibilities is pretty active. It's about the same mix of sizes as we usually see. We're seeing a bit more defense-related businesses than we probably have in the past. Closings are tough to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on the value-creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Now moving on to 2014 guidance, which I think is Slide 6. Once again, military businesses budget is unclear. The rate of recovery in the commercial aftermarket seems to be turning up but is still somewhat uncertain heading into 2014. This is our best current estimate. As the year proceeds, we'll let you know if our views change. But based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions in 2014, our guidance is as follows: the midpoint of our 2014 revenue guidance is about $2.19 billion or $2.2 billion or up 14% on a GAAP basis. At the midpoint of the guidance, the growth is roughly half organic, with the balance coming from a full year of acquisitions. Fiscal year -- Q1 fiscal year 2014 is currently anticipated to be lower than the other quarters, roughly in the same relationship as you've seen in past years. The midpoint of 2014 EBITDA As Defined guidance is $1.02 billion or about 47% of revenue. This includes about 1.5% of margin dilution from prior acquisitions. The businesses, excluding the 3 acquisitions, are anticipated to have margins of approximately 49%. In total, this EBITDA is up about 13% year-over-year. The mid point of our EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be $7.16 a share or up about 4% versus the prior year. This is negatively impacted by interest expense, tax rate and a higher share count. Greg will review the details. On a pro forma or same-store basis, this guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions: commercial aftermarket revenue growth is assumed to be in the high-single digits based on worldwide RPM growth of about 4% to 5%. We are still cautious here and expect growth to be lower in the first half than the second half of our fiscal year. We anticipate seeing our revenues begin to more closely reconnect to air travel as the year proceeds. Defense military revenues is estimated to be about flat versus 2013. This assumes no significant additional sequestration impact. We'll continue to evaluate this, of course, as the situation unfolds. The commercial OEM revenue growth is anticipated to be in the high single-digit percent range. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have almost $1 billion in cash at the end of '14, $300 million in undrawn revolver. Assuming no acquisitions, our net leverage is -- or capital structure activity, our net leverage is anticipated to be about 4.6x EBITDA at the end of 2014. We also have additional capacity under our credit agreement. In summary, 2013 was a decent year and a tougher commercial aftermarket environment than we expected. Hopefully, this sector has turned and the political situation stabilizes. But in any event, I'm confident that our consistent, value-focused strategy and strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. Now let me hand it over to Ray, who will discuss some of the operating high points of the year.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total, we had a good fourth quarter and a good finish to another very busy year. The consistent application of our operating value drivers and the successful integration of our most recent acquisitions continue to add solid value to TransDigm. Let me explain a little more detail our fiscal 2013 and fourth quarter operational value creation. In spite of a small economy, we were able to apply our value drivers and create real value. As Nick mentioned, our year-over-year pro forma growth was about 3%. A higher mix of commercial OEM work, coupled with the lower commercial aftermarket revenue, made managing our cost structure challenging. However, we continue to manage our resources tightly and we were able to continue to reduce our pro forma and total headcount. Our continuing productivity efforts included consolidating certain acquired manufacturing operations, strategically sourcing material from efficient domestic and offshore sources and moving various manufacturing operations to our Mexico, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and China facility. Lastly, we continue to invest in our existing domestic facilities, keeping them up-to-date and productive. We also continue to improve innovative -- we also continue to provide innovative new business solutions to our broad customer base. We have successfully expanded our platform content with significant new business in both the commercial and military markets. In the commercial transport market, we have developed many new applications and here's a few recent examples. Hartwell has been awarded the development contract for engine cowl latches on the A320neo. They're also developing the tail cone and belly fairing engines and latches on the Airbus A350. Champion recently developed and was awarded the ignition systems for the A350 auxiliary power unit. Adams Rite Aerospace is developing the laboratory faucets, valves, water heaters and various door latches on the 737 MAX. They're also actively providing upgraded water, conserving laboratory faucets and equipment for several airlines, existing triple 7 fleets. Our Dukes unit is providing a de-icing system, bleed air valves for the Bombardier CSeries and also for the Mitsubishi Regional Jets. Likewise, on those 2 platforms, AdelWiggins continues to expand their composite fuel and hydraulic isolator applications. Our engineered laminates continue to be specified on upgrades to business class seats, cabin walls and flooring. Schneller has been awarded the Singapore Airlines' triple 7 fleet business class seats laminate refurbishment. Delta has also selected them to provide the laminates for their Boeing 717 interior refurbishment program. And American is using Schneller laminates on their upgrade business class seats for their A321 and triple 7 fleets. On the new Bell 525 relentless helicopter, Adams Rite providing the door bolting systems. Aero Fluid Products is providing 7 fuel system valves and AeroControlex is providing the in-tank fuel boost pumps, the APU loop pumps and various pitot tube probes for sensing airspeed. In the military markets, we continue to be selected to provide upgrade on the C-130J. Our Avionic Instruments group is now supplying the upgraded A400-amp transformer XFIRE units that supply low static, clean electrical power on the aircraft's upgraded avionic and electrical systems. Our AmSafe cargo unit has developed automatic quick drop cargo release actuation systems, which allow military helicopters to automatically and quickly release on their swung cargo loads remotely from the cockpit, thus reducing ground crew risk and speeding the military operational tempo. On the new Cessna Scorpion, which they just unveiled as their newest attack jet, AeroControlex group has been awarded 8 throttle control actuators and gearbox applications. Champion will be supplying igniters, Duke is supplying several engine and windshield anti-icing valves and Electromech is providing pitch trim and roll trim motor actuators. On the Alenia Aermacchi M-346, Avionic Instruments has won an order to supply 3 phase electrical power inverters that provide upgraded clean power and expands electrical capacity of the aircraft. And on the C-17, Avionic Instruments is also supplying frequency converters that provide hospital grade 230 volt electrical power for a central airborne medical equipment. These new engineered solutions and many others not discussed continue to expand our profitable product offering and add to future growth. In fiscal 2013, we also acquired 3 proprietary aerospace businesses: Aerosonic, Arkwin and Whippany Actuation. Integrating these businesses created a flurry of integration and value creation activity and we quickly went to work on transitioning these businesses into TransDigm value creation mode. As we have done with each prior acquisition, we applied our proven value creation process. We restructure the businesses into product line focus groups and implemented our value creation metrics. We focused the engineering and new business efforts on winnable and profitable new business and we tightened up the cost structures. Again, I'd like to switch gears and talk about our management team. These acquisitions drove a significant number of management structure changes. Our continual emphasis on succession planning and talent development again paid off well for us. We were able to populate almost all of the key management positions with internal candidates. These proven candidates are steeped in our value focused culture and value creation processes. During 2013, we promoted Jorge Valladares to Executive Vice President. Prior to his promotion, Jorge has been an operating unit president at both AdelWiggins and more recently, AvtechTyee. Jorge has also had significant acquisition integration assignments. We also added 6 new division presidents, all 6 were internal promotions. These internal promotions bring the strong TransDigm value creation culture to their operating units. Then below the division presidents level, we've added 17 senior operational function managers, 16 of the 17 were also internal promotions. We believe our succession planning and talent development system is working. We have a good pipeline of talented people exposed to our value-creation methods and our defined training programs. We believe the availability of promotable internal talent and our consistent succession development process effectively complements our disciplined value-creation method and is key to our ability to regularly acquire and integrate new businesses. Now let me hand it over to Greg, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray. Before we review the financials, you may recall, last quarter, I described in depth some of the unique items that would impact our fiscal third and fourth quarters. We incorporated all of these items in last quarter's full year guidance but to review them, first, in early July, we raised $1.4 billion of additional debt to pay a $22 special dividend on July 25, directly related to the special dividend we paid $95 million in dividend equivalent payment to holders of vested stock options. You will see the impact of the additional dividend equivalent payment in our GAAP earnings per share and the additional financing increased interest expense in our fourth quarter results. Second, we successfully closed the 3 acquisitions for a total purchase price of about $475 million in our fiscal third quarter. As a result, higher acquisition costs and purchase price accounted items were recorded in the fourth quarter. Lastly, in the third quarter, we adopted segment reporting and are now reporting on 3 segments. Just to remind you, the power and control segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market systems and components that predominantly provide power to or control power of the aircraft utilizing electronic, fluid, power and mechanical motion control technology. Year-to-date sales for this segment are $872 million, which represents 45% of our total sales. The EBITDA As Defined is $456 million or 52% of sales and represents 49% of our total segment EBITDA As Defined. The airframe segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market systems and components that are used in nonpower airframe applications utilizing airframe and cabin structure technologies. Year-to-date sales for this segment are $951 million, which represents approximately 50% of our total sales. The EBITDA As Defined is $440 million or 47% of sales and represents 48% of our total segment EBITDA As Defined. The non-aviation segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market products for non-aviation markets. Year-to-date sales for this segment are $101 million, which represents 5% of our total sales. The EBITDA As Defined is $24 million or 23% of sales and represents 3% of our total segment EBITDA As Defined. And with that, let me now review the consolidated financials on Slide 7. Fourth quarter net sales were $540 million, up $77 million or 17% from the prior year. The collective impact of acquisitions, primarily Arkwin and Whippany and Aerosonic, contributed approximately $57 million of the additional sales for the prior period. Our organic sales growth was about 6% over the prior year, primarily due to the commercial OEM and defense markets. Reported gross profit was $283 million or 52.4% of sales. The reported gross profit margin was approximately 3 margin points less than the prior year margin of 55.5%. The dilutive impact of acquisition mix from primarily Arkwin, Whippany and Aerosonic was approximately 2 margin points. In addition, an increase in nonoperating acquisition-related costs, that is primarily inventory step-up and start-up expenses resulting from the 3 acquisitions we acquired in June, reduced gross profit margin by approximately 1.5 margin points. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins in the base business versus the prior year quarter were up modestly despite unfavorable OEM aftermarket mix, which negatively impacted the current quarter. Selling and administrative expenses were 11.3% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.7% for the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to a lower run rate of stock compensation expense as a result of the accelerated vesting of $2.4 million stock options that occurred last quarter and that was partially offset by higher acquisition related costs. Net interest expense was $81 million, an increase of approximately $26 million versus the prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase in our weighted average outstanding borrowings to $5.7 billion in the current quarter versus $3.6 billion in the prior year. The additional debt was incurred to fund the $12.85 dividend paid in November and the $22 dividend paid in July. We used cash to fund the acquisitions. The weighted average cash interest rate on total debt at the end of the current quarter is approximately 5.4% compared to 5.7% at the end of last year. Our effective tax rate for the year was 32.5% for fiscal 2013 compared to 33.4% for fiscal 2012. Net income for the quarter decreased $4 million or 4% to $84 million, which is 16% of sales. This compares to net income of $88 million in the prior year. The decrease in net income primarily reflects the higher interest expense and acquisition-related costs, partially offset by the growth in net sales and the lower effective tax rate. Our GAAP loss per share was $0.20 per share in the current quarter compared to earnings of $1.63 per share a year ago. In addition to the increased interest expense and other items previously mentioned, the current quarter reported loss per share was significantly impacted by the $95 million of dividend equivalent payments or $1.67 per share in connection with the $22 dividend. If you recall, the accounting treatment requires this payment to be deducted from the actual net income before earnings per share is calculated. The details of this calculation are included on Table 3 of this morning's press release. The adjusted earnings per share was $1.75 per share, an increase of 2% compared to $1.72 per share last year. In addition to higher interest expense just mentioned, the fourth quarter earnings per share was negatively impacted by $0.10 due to higher share count of 56.9 million shares compared to 53.9 million shares in the prior period. Since this is our fiscal year end, let me take a minute to quickly summarize the full year results. Net sales increased $224 million or by 13% to end our year at $1.9 billion. Acquisitions contributed approximately 75% of the increase in sales. Reported gross profit dollars increased 11% and was 54.5% of sales compared to 55.6% in the prior year. The full year margin would be closer to 58% after adjustment for the dilutive impact of acquisitions and unfavorable OEM to aftermarket mix versus 57% on the same basis in the prior year. Selling and administrative expenses of 13.2% of sales for fiscal '13 is higher than the 11.9% of sales in fiscal '12, due primarily to the higher noncash stock compensation expense. This expense as a percent of sales increased to 2.2% this year from 1.1% in the prior year. Additionally, the current year includes incrementally higher acquisition rate cost about a half a point. Net interest expense increased $59 million due to the additional debt incurred to fund the 2 special dividends, as previously mentioned. In addition, fiscal 2013 included $3 million of refinancing costs associated with refinancing the senior secured credit facility this past February. GAAP net income was $303 million or 16% of sales. GAAP earnings per share was $2.39 per share compared to $5.97 per share a year ago. However, on an adjusted basis, which excludes the dividend equivalent payments, the noncash compensation cost and the acquisition-related and refinancing costs, earnings per share was $6.90 per share this year, up 3% from $6.67 a year ago. When comparing GAAP EPS of $2.39 per share to the current year -- in the current year to the adjusted net income of $6.90 per share, the difference of $4.51 is comprised of the following items: $3.11 related to the dividend equivalent payments; $0.60 for noncash compensation expense, this includes an additional $25 million of expense in quarter 3 due to the accelerated vesting of options; $0.41 for acquisition related expenses, including integration costs such as startup, inventory purchase accounting adjustments and backlog amortization; and $0.39 for refinancing costs and other charges. It was a hectic year, but well worth it. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. The company generated $470 million of cash from operating activities. After consideration of the financing discussed, dividends paid and acquisitions made, we closed the year with $565 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's gross debt levered at September of 2013 was approximately 6.1x pro forma EBITDA and 5.5x on a net basis. As we look forward to FY '14, we estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $6.32 and, as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $7.16. As we disclosed on Slide 9, the $0.84 of adjustments to bridge GAAP EPS to the adjusted EPS includes the following assumptions: $0.33 for dividend equivalent payments versus the $3.11 this year; $0.30 for noncash stock comp expense versus $0.60 this year; and $0.21 of carryforward activity related to the Arkwin, Whippany and Aerosonic acquisitions. Nick provided color on the FY '14 sales and EBITDA As Defined. I will walk through and explain why adjusted net income for share only increased 4% despite sales and EBITDA As Defined growth of approximately 13%. All growth percentages assume the midpoint of the guidance. Depreciation and amortization and that's excluding the backlog amortization, is expected to total $72 million. This is a 9% increase over '13. Interest expense is expected to increase approximately 20% or almost $54 million to $325 million in FY '14. We used the weighted average interest rate of 5.5%. Our effective tax rate in FY '14 is expected to increase to be around 34% compared to the 32.5% this year. And our adjusted net income will be up about 8% versus FY '13. Finally, our weighted average shares outstanding will increase about 4% to be approximately 57.2 million compared to 55.1 million this year. As a result of these items, the adjusted earnings per share of $7.16 is approximately 4% greater than fiscal '13. Finally, with regards to our liquidity and leverage, we expect to generate $450 million of cash. Again, assuming no acquisition activity, we expect our gross debt leverage to be approximately 5.6x EBITDA As Defined and our net leverage ratio will be near 4.6x our EBITDA As Defined at September 30, 2014, or almost a full term of deleverage. Now with that, let me hand it over to Liza to kick off the Q&A
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland, Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. The first on the margin, the comment you made, Nick, around the core business at 49% next year. It looks like that's comparable to where you're exiting this year and you don't -- you're not implying any adverse mix shift OE versus aftermarket or commercial versus military. But there is -- there should be some good volume leverage there. I wondered if you might just elaborate on why it doesn't seem to be any expansion there?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know if I can answer that, Greg. Greg?
Gregory Rufus: I didn't follow that either. We've been going back and forth in so many different margins.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes. The question, I guess, was at least when you do the adjustments and you adjust the other one, it looked like margins are about flat. Does that...
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If you take the 47% and you add back the 200 basis points, you get to 49% on the core business, which is what you're guiding to for next year. So you've got some incremental volume and you don't have the same mix headwinds for next year, so I was just wondering why it wasn't up.
Gregory Rufus: No, we do have some special non-repeat items this year. So when I looked at it my way, I was getting the margin improvement of about 1.5...
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I thought you were, too, that's why...
Gregory Rufus: Carter, you've got to take FY '13 because we booked -- we still have 1 or 2 what we call onetime favorable adjustments or events that took place.
W. Nicholas Howley: We think the number -- we think the underlying organic number is about 1 point.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: 1 point of expansion?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I think that's -- Greg says a hair more, by the way.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. On the revenue side, the pro forma versus normalized aftermarket growth, it sounds like you pulled something out of distribution. Did that happen this quarter?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, maybe...
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Will this have some impacts in the next couple of quarters?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. That's worth a little clarification. I mean, there's a couple of things. Carter, when we -- the data points we were getting and the stuff we were picking up in the industry and the data points we're picking right now, didn't seem to exactly jive with our segment number said. So we dug into that a little more and there were probably 8 to 10 items that impacted that. And you have big ones, or the most significant ones are, I'll say, primarily acquisition related. And some of them are -- make things a little higher in the previous quarter and some of them make things lower in this quarter. But let me give you a sense of it. The Whippany business that we bought from GE, the distributor inventories were too high. I think we told you this last quarter. And we decided when we bought, we saw this in diligence and decided we had to draw them down. So we purposely drew down their inventories this quarter and that will continue a little into next year. At the Arkwin business that we bought, they had a consignment inventory agreement with a distributor. We, essentially, that they recognize -- had recognized, sort of the way they looked at it, was in a similar consignment, it was a sale. We did away with that and changed the contract, but that essentially meant we didn't recognize the ones that revenue be recognized because we had burned off the consignment inventory distributor. We divested a -- if you may or may not recall, we divested a distribution business in Q4 of last year, but we didn't sell the AmSafe net product line with it. We kept that ourselves, then we had to find and restock another distributor in the prior Q4. And we also replaced the Pacific Rim distributor for one of our recent acquisitions and that sure got the inventory bouncing around. So that will give you a sense of the stuff. Those are some of the most significant ones that we tried to adjust for. I think the other way that I got some comfort here and -- is that we did these direct sale channel checks at our businesses and our large distributors and saw somewhere a little above the mid-single-digit pickup there, too.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So the guidance for next year on the high single-digit on the commercial aftermarket corresponds to the pro forma growth or does that correspond to normalized?
W. Nicholas Howley: That is the number. That's the number we expect to see, okay? Carter, Carter, let me back up a minute. It is same-store sales basis. It's not GAAP, because GAAP number will always be bigger, right, before buying.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn, Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just going back to the aftermarket sales you just talked about. I'm understanding that there's a little bit of growth there if you look through some of the items that Nick just reviewed. But it does seem to suggest that even at the low growth rate you come up with there against the flat, the volumes were probably down for the year and for the quarter with offset, to some extent, by pricing. So I wanted to ask you, how we could look at the difference between volume decline or just relative volume performance between out of production models and in production models fares for those 2 groups?
W. Nicholas Howley: Rob, I don't know that I can tell you that. The real answer is I don't know the answer. But I don't know of anything unusually disproportionate between them.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: But how would you characterize your relative exposure to the 2?
W. Nicholas Howley: Oh, our exposure -- in the out of production stuff you're talking about?
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, 737.
W. Nicholas Howley: 737, 727, MD-80s, that kind of stuff, is that what you mean?
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That kind of thing.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I mean, I haven't looked at that for about a year or so now, but I know the numbers that we -- that it was running were somewhere in the -- Greg, I want to say 3%, 4%, 5% of our aftermarket volume of [indiscernible] stuff.
Gregory Rufus: Yes, yes. That's high.
W. Nicholas Howley: I may be high on that. It's not a big number.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I wanted to ask -- and maybe we can go into more detail offline on that, but I wanted to also ask you about defense. So I think it's been better than expected the last couple of years.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And wondering, in your assumption for flat next year, don't you think you might see some negative catch up from [indiscernible] volumes this year?
W. Nicholas Howley: Are we clear -- Rob, that is clearly a risk. That's clearly a risk. I wouldn't tell you that's not a possibility.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well -- and then maybe we can fine-tune it a little bit. Have you worked through -- if sequester were to happen as written, since it's not in your number, what kind of guidance sensitivity is there to that?
W. Nicholas Howley: That's a very hard number. There's so many things bouncing all around. Rob, when we say a flat year-over-year, remember, there's price in there, right? So flat year-over-year means an absolute decline. So pick your number, but it's probably above inflation. So could you be down 10% rather than 4% units? If you told me that, I don't think I could argue with you. I wouldn't say I -- that doesn't appear to our operating units to be what they expect and at least, so far, from our bookings, we don't see it or we haven't seen the fourth quarter.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just, Greg, a clarification. If I look at your guidance and what you've said about the contribution of the acquisitions, is it fair to calculate you had about $80 million, $90 million in revenues in '13 from these 3 businesses and next year would be about the $200 million or a little higher? And so, about half of your -- what Nick said, about half of your revenue growth is from that and then the other $100 million something is...
W. Nicholas Howley: Right, yes. It's roughly half of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss, UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Greg, you mentioned about, I think it was $450 million in cash generation; and, Nick, you said about $1 billion. I would've thought it was a little bit higher than that by the end of next year, maybe around 1 1, is there any unusual movements in cash next year? It looks like you're forecasting about flat in line with this year.
Gregory Rufus: We'll, pay quite a bit more in cash taxes next year. This year, my cash taxes were about $82 million, which was extremely low versus my provision. Next year, my cash taxes are going to be more like $160 million. So you got to factor that as you're just looking at year-over-year. That might be one of the things that might help you, Dave.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, yes, that's probably it. Back on the defense side. Nick, how long is it carrying over or how much longer does that run? Does that benefit your numbers at all next year?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, it benefited some. We -- if we're lucky or hopefully, we can sell some more of it, but we booked about $18 million, I want to say $18 million of it and roughly half of it is shipped this year and half of it will ship next year.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So X that, things you're forecasting a little bit worse than might be taking it face up?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes, yes. If you took that out, you'd be down a little more.
Gregory Rufus: Yes. And we're actively trying to roll that out to other governments and we have active negotiations that I don't want to get into the details with, with other governments on that product.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, Nick, maybe any additional color, perspective on discussions with Boeing, Partnering for Success or royalties or any progress update with regard to that?
W. Nicholas Howley: I think, David, we've got to say the same thing we always said. We're not going to get into the details of a negotiation with our customer. It's an ongoing activity. I think we, along with many people around the industry, sort of -- probably the activity levels sped up a bit in the last quarter. But I don't know if our position is a heck of a lot different than it's in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner, Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just some questions on the M&A environment. You mentioned that there are more prospects right now on the defense side. Can you maybe give us a flavor for the difference in the purchase price? And also maybe you can discuss your tolerance for turning TransDigm into more of a defense company and what is the limit you're willing to go towards?
W. Nicholas Howley: We don't -- don't have any rule on that. What I said is we see more -- I didn't necessarily say there were more defense businesses than there were commercial. I said there were probably more defense businesses in our prospects than there typically are. Doesn't mean there's absolutely more than there are commercial. We evaluate defense businesses just like we evaluate commercial businesses. They -- in all likelihood, the revenue is -- the growth is going to be lower or declining, which means the price, we can't pay as much of a price. But we still have to see a private equity like we heard, which we see, say, is a 20% IRR our equity in the thing. But we look at them the same way. We don't have a rule for what percent of defense we go to, but, I mean, we have no intention of turning this into a primarily defense business.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just one more. You mentioned that in the current interest rate environment, paying down debt is not very appealing and that makes sense. Where do interest rates need to go for you to think maybe this could take some leverage off and conservatize the balance sheet?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I would -- first, I don't know the answer to that. It would be very dependent on what the situation with acquisitions and the like was at the time. Our first choice is always going to be to fund our existing businesses for the next accretive acquisitions. So that's a tough one to answer theoretically. But I would also say that our goal here is to give our shareholders over time private equity like returns, which we define is 15% to 20% return on their equity over time. We are not going to get that without staying in a reasonable leverage level.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Godyn, Morgan Stanley.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John Godyn here. I wanted to follow up on the last question on M&A. We've seen other acquisitive companies out there respond to what might be a little bit of a tougher aerospace deal environment by looking at verticals outside of A&D, oil and gas has come up. Is there any appetite for TransDigm to look outside of A&D for M&A?
W. Nicholas Howley: Not at this time. We think we got enough runway in front of us. If that turned out to be the case, then we'd have to decide. But we have other alternatives. One alternative is to open the aperture up a little on proprietary content and then you see many more things. That's not our desire nor our intention right now, just to be clear.
Gregory Rufus: But that's all within aerospace.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, but that's all within aerospace. The other alternative we frankly have, we always have, is to be more aggressive with our capital structure and more path. If we don't see enough to buy that meets our criteria. But our goal now hasn't changed. We want to buy proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's very helpful. And if I could ask one on aftermarket in general, how much capacity is there to sort of accelerate price growth to offset some of the volume weakness or some of the volume weakness that we're seeing price sensitivity among customers and then responding one way or another?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, it's just the -- I don't want to speak much to the price, what we might or might not do with the prices. But I -- there's not a lot of elasticity and demand here for the price. I mean, the stuff tends to be sole source.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard, Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Nick, I think on the last call you mentioned you had a survey done about what was going on the aftermarket and one of the things you called out was the Asian airlines have destocking and deferring. Have you seen that regional trend improve since then?
W. Nicholas Howley: I honestly can't say whether that's changed much in the last 90 days, I don't think it has. Clearly, the European airlines have gotten a little better. And I don't believe the situation has changed much in the Asian airlines on stocking, but I honestly can't say we took another set point in the last 90 days. I cannot say we have.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And maybe to follow up on the defense side of things. Obviously, the DOD has got some spending challenges at the moment. Are you seeing them being anymore strict on pricing or inventory levels or anything like that?
W. Nicholas Howley: We haven't yet. As I say, our defense is holding up better than we anticipated and at least, so far, the bookings are holding up, too. And we really haven't seen significant changes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert, Canaccord.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I just wanted to follow-up on the question regarding the aftermarket. When you talked about some of the work that you had, [indiscernible], a couple of quarters ago, you talked about the inventory issues in Europe and Asia as ideally in sort of the bucket of sort of onetime or near-term issues. It sounds like you haven't seen maybe much change on that front. Do you think -- to what extent do you think this is still sort of a near-term issue that gets corrected as volumes start to pick up again versus structurally, are you getting a sense that maybe there's some changes with your airline customers that are -- maybe you want to have a bigger impact perhaps than we've seen in prior cycles?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, what I don't -- in prior cycles, what has happened is eventually the, inventories snap back. So you got a year or 2 of very high growth. The most recent instance I want to say was probably 2011, after a bad year '09 and '10 it probably jumped up around the industry 20%. And then, obviously, that was a little bit of an overshoot, which we probably gave some back in '13. Different people -- I hear speculation that the airlines are getting better with their inventory control. And you may not see as much snapback, it may just more start to couple with underlying air travel. Obviously, you can see in our go-forward numbers, we are not planning on an inventory snapback. There is -- if there is one, that would be unusual, by the way, if there wasn't a snapback, that would say their airlines are getting better at managing their inventory. If there is, that's an upside to our forecast in the year.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And is it safe to say that the guidance implies maybe a strengthening commercial aftermarket as we go through the year? I mean, your commentary on the first quarter seemed to imply that maybe things strengthen as we go through the year. How do you see that cadence playing out?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think I specifically said, we expect the second half to be better than the first half. And the -- our first quarter of our year is always lower than the rest of the year and it has about 10% less days in it, in the quarter, our Q1. Our Q1 captures Christmas and Thanksgiving.
Kenneth Herbert - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay, okay. So most of the first quarter impact is, obviously, just a reduction in working days?
W. Nicholas Howley: Right. I mean, if you got -- and just what I -- the point I try to make and maybe I wasn't clear with it, if you got the same shipments in dollars from Q4 to Q1, effectively, you would have had a 10% pickup in shipments per day if that's clear.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli, KeyBanc.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Nick, I know you don't want to get too much into price, but just to get a sense here, Ray had a number of comments about the value creation, mentioned cost consolidation, headcount, but didn't mention price on any of those recently acquired businesses. Can we assume that price is still the same value creation lever it is, say, a couple of years ago?
W. Nicholas Howley: Nothing's changed in the businesses, the recent businesses we bought. We look at them the same way, we evaluate them the same way. They've got to have the same attributes and we got to see what I call a private equity like return, which means we have to change the margin.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then can you remind us, I mean, a couple of years back in your, I think it was in your Investor Day presentation, you used to call out some of the major platform exposure. Within the defense kind of market, should we still be thinking at Black Hawk, C-130, C-17 as your biggest programs or has that changed to some extent?
W. Nicholas Howley: You mean in aftermarket or production?
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I would say aftermarket or production. What do you think could have a bigger -- be the biggest variable? I mean, if we see Black Hawk OE units go down significantly, is that going to create a headwind? I mean, what's the most sensitive to revenues?
W. Nicholas Howley: We -- let me answer that this way. C-130 is still our biggest, by the way. In the aftermarket, it's pretty well spread. I would say, if I look at next year, in the OEM production rate, I don't think there's a whole lot of risk there. Those are -- we tend to be sole sourced, the things are pretty well locked for the next, what do we got now, 10.5 months or something is what you're looking out on. And the variation will come in the aftermarket. That's right, that's where the risk is.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And can we assume that, that would be more helicopter exposure aftermarket if readiness levels go down, would that be a factor?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, probably. As I think we've told you, roughly our defense business, in our defense aftermarket is something like 1/3 transport, 1/3 helicopter and 1/3 other, which is mostly fighters.
Gregory Rufus: \ Other odds and ends of things, too.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got you. Okay. That's helpful. And then last one, just a housekeeping. Greg, on the interest for next year, is that sort of annual interest expense you're looking at pretty fixed? I know you've got a portion the debt that floats. How much variability is there to that interest expense next year?
Gregory Rufus: I think '14 as the base, that there's a little bit, but most of it will get fixed toward the end of the calendar year of '14. So we're still guiding the floating rate.
Operator: At this time, I will now turn the call back over to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Liza Sabol: Just wanted to thank everyone again for joining this morning's call, and just wanted to point out that we expect to file our 10-K some time tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Karl Oehlschlaeger
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's Q3 2013 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. My name is Chris, and I'll be your conference coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol to begin. Please go ahead.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Chris. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's Fiscal 2013 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next 2 weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at www.transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the table and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share for those measures. With that, please let me now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning and thanks again to everyone for calling in to hear about our company. Today, as usual, I'll start off with some comments about our consistent strategy, then a short discussion of our capital market activities, some information on our recent acquisitions, and then I'll move on to an overview of third quarter fiscal year '13, and an update on our outlook. To reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To quickly summarize why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary aerospace products, and around 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Excluding the small non-aviation segment, about 57% of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA as defined comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket sales have historically produced a higher gross margin and provided relative stability in the downturns. Because of our uniquely high underlying EBITDA margins and relatively low capital expenditure requirements, TransDigm has year in and year out generated very strong free cash flow. We have a well-proven, value-based operating strategy, focused around what we refer to as our 3 value drivers, that is new business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. This consistent approach has allowed us to continuously increase the intrinsic value of our business while steadily investing in new businesses and platform positions. We pay close attention to our capital structure and capital allocation and view it as another means to create value. This has been a very active area this year. I'll talk more about this later. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have acquired many such businesses and improved them through all phases of the market cycle. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital structure, we've been able to create intrinsic value for our investors for many years through up and down markets. We focus on these fundamental elements of value creation as the things over which we have some control. Let me expand a little bit on the capital structure and capital allocation. In keeping with our strategy, due to a combination of suboptimum capital structure, a hot credit market and significant liquidity, we declared and paid a $12.85 per share special dividend in Q1, and still maintain significant liquidity and borrowing capacity post dividend. In Q2, we refinanced about $2.2 billion of senior secured debt, the goal and the result was to reduce interest expense and to increase our flexibility under the existing agreement -- credit agreement. In Q3, we began the offering process, and in early July, borrowed another $1.4 billion and announced our intention to pay most of this out to our shareholders in the form of a $22 a share dividend. We also further improved the terms of our credit agreement. In deciding to pay out another special dividend this year, we looked very closely at our choices for capital allocation. We basically have 4: one, invest in our existing business; two, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy. And let me be clear, these 2 are always our first choice; our third option is to pay off debt, but given the low cost of debt, especially after tax now, this is likely our last choice, at least in the current market conditions; and fourth, give the extra money back to the shareholders, either through a special dividend or a stock buyback. As we look at our likely need for acquisitions and internal investment requirements, we believed, based on what we knew then and what we know today, that we have cash and or debt capacity beyond our near to midterm needs. Combining that with historically low interest rates and extensive capital availability, we believed we have the opportunity to accelerate returns to our shareholders, while maintaining adequate liquidity and borrowing capacity to meet our near-term and midterm operating and acquisition needs. Since we were paying out about 15% of the equity value, we again decided to pay a special dividend versus a stock buyback in order to complete the action quickly and to reduce the execution risk. There should also be some additional tax advantage to recipients, as Greg will explain. We'll evaluate the dividend versus buyback on a case-by-case basis as the situations arise. As a practical matter, we do not anticipate that this will restrict our ability to make the range of accretive acquisitions we will likely see over the next 12 to 18 months. We believe we could do $1 billion plus of acquisitions immediately from our cash revolver and debt capacity while maintaining a reasonable liquidity buffer. This number moves up fairly quickly. We historically have generated an average of $100 million to $125 million per quarter of free cash and our borrowing capacity increases as our EBITDA grows. The weighted average cost of our new debt is about 5.1%, a bit below our current average. We have also entered into a forward interest rate hedge in order to fix about 70% of the total debt. Greg will provide a little more detail on that. As of 6 3 -- or 6/30/13, after closing the 3 recent acquisitions, we had about $270 million of cash, $300 million in unrestricted and undrawn revolver and additional capacity under our amended credit agreement. With no additional acquisitions or capital market activity other than payment of the $22 per share dividend and associated equivalency payments, cash should be about $500 million by the end of fiscal year '13, that's September 30, and our net leverage about 5.7x pro forma EBITDA as defined at that point. Q3 was also a busy time for acquisitions. So far, we have acquired in excess of $200 million of annualized revenue and about $45 million of annualized EBITDA as defined so far in fiscal year '13. We acquired Aerosonics in June for about $39 million. This was a small public company. Their revenue was roughly $30 million. We also closed 2 additional larger acquisitions, Arkwin, a proprietary manufacturer of aerospace actuators and valves, for $286 million. Akwin's revenues were about $95 million. We also acquired GE's Whippany Actuation System business, another proprietary manufacturer of primary actuation products for about $148 million. Whippany business had revenues of about $80 million. On a particularly positive note, these last 2 June acquisitions received early termination of the HSR waiting period from the U.S. government. All 3 of these businesses are proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, and we expect all to generate returns above our private equity life targets. The GE Whippany business has some excess distribution inventory that will be working off for the next 3 to 5 months. This will impact our Q4 and maybe a bit into the next quarter. There are also some customer contractual issues that can make the improvements slower than usual, but these are all reflected in the price. Arkwin should progress towards TD-type margin on a normal typical progression. We also like to address the status of our commercial aftermarket. In Q3, we believe we began to see signs of a pickup. We, as many in the industry, have been a bit surprised by how long this soft market continued, especially in light of the decent underlying market trends. Though we are beginning to see signs of a recovery, as a practical matter, the bookings have not risen quite fast enough to fully meet the prior full year guidance for our core business. Our shipments, on a same-store basis for Q3, excluding a onetime legal settlement in the prior Q3, were up about 4% versus the prior year. Revenues are also up about 4% sequentially. On an additional positive note, our bookings or incoming orders were the highest in 5 quarters, up about 4% sequentially and 7% versus the prior year on a same-store basis. Again, we'll adjust it for this onetime settlement. It's probably too soon to declare victory, but many forecasters seem to believe we have reached the commercial aftermarket inflection point. Time will tell of course but our Q3 results would tend to support that view, though I will point out the pickup is not yet consistent across product lines. To remind you, TransDigm's fiscal year ends September 30, so our fiscal year trends typically lag calendar year trends by a quarter at least on the upturns. Moving on now to the most recent quarter. As you may have noticed, we have begun to report on 3 segments. The vast majority of our business falls into the 2 aero segments. Over the years, we've had discussions with the SEC about segment reporting and recently agreed with the SEC to implement these segments going forward. Greg will describe them in a little more detail during his part. I will still primarily discuss the overall business and overall market trends, since the market trends particularly apply to both major aero segments. I'll remind you, this is the third quarter for fiscal year 2013. Our year began October 1 and ends on September 30. In total, the quarter with market channel puts and takes was roughly in line with our expectations. As I've said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by difference in OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, onetime events, trends and inventory fluctuations, seasonality and other factors. As you know, we began to see commercial aftermarket softness in the back half of fiscal year 2012. As also I just reviewed, we began to see some year-over-year revenue pickup in Q3. The market does seem to be firming up. Total company GAAP revenues were up 6% versus prior Q3, and 12% on a 9-month year-to-date basis. On a same-store pro forma basis, that is if we own the same mix of businesses, revenues were up about 3% on a Q3-versus-Q3 basis and about the same on a year-to-date basis. Again, on a same-store pro forma basis, year-to-date total bookings are running about 4% ahead of revenues. All the market channels are booking at levels above the shipping dollars, except for our small non-aviation business, which is about flat. Reviewing the revenues by market category, again, on a pro forma basis or same-store versus the prior Q3, that is assuming again we own the same mix of businesses of both periods. In the commercial aftermarket, which makes up about 3/4 of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up about 10% versus the prior quarter Q3, and 7% on a year-to-date basis. This is a bit ahead of our original expectations. As a reminder, commercial OEM revenues were up 16% in the prior year Q3 and 24% for the first 9 months of 2012, so the comps are high here. As I already mentioned, excluding a onetime settlement in the prior Q3, total commercial aftermarket revenues are up 4% versus the prior. On a reported basis, they're roughly flat. The booking and shipment trends still continue to vary considerably across product lines. As I mentioned earlier, the bookings also seem to show some signs of improvement. Moving on to Defense. Again, Defense makes up about 1/4 of our revenue. Defense revenues continued significantly better than anticipated at the beginning of the year. Revenues were up about 8% on a quarter versus prior quarter, at about 5% on a year-to-date basis. The military and defense booking results are somewhat mixed by product line, but more are up than down. Military revenues continue to hold up better than we expected. Though we remain cautious about trends here, we're starting to feel that we may not see as tough a down market as we have been planning. Though I want to be clear, our visibility in this sector is very limited. Revenues at our non-aviation business, though small, were down about 8% in Q3 versus the prior quarter prior year, and about the same on a year-to-date basis. Moving on to profitability and now on a reported basis, the as defined adjustments in Q3 were made up primarily of noncash stock option expense. Greg will go into this a bit more. Our EBITDA as defined is about $232 million for Q3, was up around 7% versus the prior Q3, and EBITDA as defined is up about 10% on a year-to-date basis. The recorded EBITDA as defined margin was 47.5% of revenues for the quarter. The EBITDA margin is about 47% on a year-to-date basis versus 48% the prior year. As I've discussed last quarter, in our view, a more consistent comparison between the 2 periods of the fundamental operating performance is as follows: if you look at the first 9 months of 2012, the reported EBITDA as defined margin is about 48%. If you remove the benefits of onetime settlement, you reduce the margin by about 0.5% to 47.5%; if you look at the first 9 months of 2013, the reported EBITDA as defined margin is about 47%; if you add back the dilutive impact of the acquisitions, primarily AmSafe, you increase the margin by about 1.5 points on a comparable basis and if you add back the unfavorable OEM aftermarket mix to make it consistent, you add back another 1 point. So after you adjust the 9 months of 2013 EBITDA margins on a comparable or normalized basis or operating basis, we view it at about 49.5%. This is a normalized increase from operations of about 2 points. With respect to acquisitions, we continue actively looking at opportunities. Our pipeline of possibilities is reasonably active, more small to mid than large. Closings are always very difficult to predict and I surely can't predict them now. We remain disciplined and focused on our tight strategic specification and in value creation opportunities. Moving on now to guidance for the balance of the year. The current economic and political environment are still somewhat unclear. However, hopefully, the situation clarifies. But in the meantime, we continue to remain somewhat cautious on our spending levels. You'll note, the midpoint for revenues and EBITDA is up modestly, though perhaps not as much as some of you might calculate given the recent 3 acquisitions. Excluding the 3 acquisitions, the Q4 core revenue and EBITDA are not quite as high as we forecast last quarter. This is due to the timing and rate of recovery in commercial aftermarket. Additionally, the Whippany acquisition will be reducing distribution inventories in Q4 and possibly a little into the following quarter, and also making certain TransDigm-related changes that will negatively impact its EBITDA in the quarter. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions, 2013 guidance is as follows: the midpoint of our 2013 revenue guidance is now $1.92 billion or up 13% on a GAAP basis versus the prior year; the midpoint of the 2013 EBITDA as defined guidance is now $895 million or 47% of revenue. This implies an EBITDA as defined margin of almost 46% from Q4, a bit lower than our prior guidance. This is depressed a bit by a less rich aftermarket and OEM mix continuing and 3 new acquisitions. Based on our current forecast, these items will reduce margins in Q4 by a little over 3%, the lion's share of which comes from the acquisition dollars. EBITDA as defined dollars were up 11% on a GAAP basis year-over-year. The adjustment -- the midpoint of the adjusted EPS as defined is now anticipated to be $6.80. This is down $0.14 from the prior guidance. This reflects higher interest rate expense as a result of our recent refinancing and higher share count through the accelerated vesting of certain stock options under the market suite provisions. These are offset in part by the earnings of the 3 new acquisitions. On a pro forma or same-store basis, this guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions for the year. We are now estimating fiscal year '13 full year commercial aftermarket revenue growth to be up in the low single-digits. This anticipates a 4% to 5% year-over-year pickup in Q4, as well as a sequential pickup of about the same percent. Based on strong year-to-date revenues in bookings, we now estimate the defense and military revenues to be up in the mid single-digits. This is an improvement versus the prior guidance. This again assumes no cancellations or significant delays and sequestration in the balance of our year. Commercial OEM revenue growth, we continue to estimate in the mid to high single-digits percent growth versus the prior year. In summary, for fiscal year 2013, we now see commercial OEM and defense growth a bit better and the commercial aftermarket not quite as good as we originally anticipated. As I said before, without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity beyond the payment of the dividend, we expect to approach $500 million in cash and $300 million in undrawn revolver at yearend 2013. Again, based on the same assumptions, our net leverage is anticipated to be 5.7x EBITDA at the end of 2013, and without any additional acquisition or capital market activity, typically drops about a turn a year. We also have additional capacity under our credit agreement. We'll see how the commercial and defense markets sort out, but in any event, I'm confident that with our consistent value-focused strategy, strong mix of businesses and focus on the things we can control, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for all our investors. Ray is here with us for Q&A, but in the interest of time, he won't give prepared comments this quarter. And let me hand it over to Greg, our CFO.
Gregory Rufus: Good morning. Thanks, Nick and good morning again. Before we review the financials, we want to remind you again that this was a very active quarter on a number of fronts. Nick mentioned some of these items already, so I want to take a few minutes to review some of the unique items for the quarter and next quarter. We adopted segment reporting, we had an acceleration of option vesting, we raised $1.4 billion of debt to pay a $22 special dividend and we closed on 3 acquisitions, all in June. We will file Form 10-Q tomorrow. This will be the first quarter where we'll report segment information. Usually, there is a material-precipitating event which causes changes in segment reporting. We did not have such an event, but we have grown into a large company and it was time to make a change in our reporting structure. On a perspective basis, starting with this quarter, we will report a power and control segment, an airframe segment and a small non-aviation segment. The power and control segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market systems and components that predominantly provide power to or control power of the aircraft, utilizing electronic, fluid power and mechanical motion control technology. The primary customers of this segment are engine and power system and subsystem suppliers, along with the airline's third-party maintenance suppliers, military buying agencies and repair peoples, products are sold in the original equipment and aftermarket market channels. Year-to-date sales for this segment are $616 million, which represents 45% of our total sales. The EBITDA as defined is $328 million or 53% of sales and represents 49% of our total segment EBITDA as defined. The airframe segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market systems and components that are used in non-power airframe applications utilizing airframe and cabin structure technology. The primary customers for this segment are airframe manufacturers and cabin system suppliers and subsystem suppliers, along with the airline's third-party maintenance suppliers, military buying agencies and repair depots. These products are also sold in original equipment and aftermarket channels. Year-to-date sales for this segment are $695 million, which represents 50% of our total sales. The EBITDA as defined is $326 million or 47% of sales and represents 49% of our total EBITDA -- segment EBITDA as defined. The non-aviation segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market products for non-aviation markets. Primary customers in this segment are off-road vehicle suppliers and subsystem suppliers, child restraint system suppliers, satellite and space system suppliers and fueling system components, primarily for the mining industry. Year-to-date sales of this segment are $73 million, which represents 5% of our total sales. The EBITDA as defined is $16 million or 22% of sales, and this segment represents 2% of our total segment EBITDA as defined. I'd like to now take some time and talk about the acceleration of vesting of performance-based incentive stock options that were granted prior to October 1, 2011. This is somewhat complicated and has 3 distinct impacts in our reported financial results. To remind you, we have a somewhat unique incentive stock option program for a public company. All of our granted options are 100% performance-based, which aligns our management very closely to you, our shareholders. Historically, our option is to invest in 2 ways. One is the achievement of an internal rate of return on IRR target established at the award date and the other is when the market price of the stock exceeds a predetermined market price for 60 trading days. For options that just accelerated, that market price was around 2x the market price on the date when the market sweep was put into place. In other words, the stock price had to at least double during the period between when the sweep was put in place and the acceleration occurs. The details of the program are disclosed in our proxy statement. On June 26, the total of $2.4 million stock options vested on an accelerated basis due to this market sweep provision. $1 million of these stock options were scheduled to vest in just 4 months from now as of the end of this fiscal year, and the remainder were scheduled to vest in FY '14 and FY '15. Because of the market sweep trigger, we had to accelerate the noncash compensation expense of $24.5 million into this quarter. This expense will now step down in quarter 4 and the next 2 years. Full fiscal 2013 expense will now be approximately $49 million for this line item. The second item associated with the accelerated vesting and related expense is the acceleration of dividend equivalent payments for the past dividends of $7.65 paid to shareholders in the first quarter of FY '10, and the $12.85 dividend paid to shareholders this past November 2012. For financial statement reporting, the dividend equivalent payment is classified as a participating security, which is the reason we report our EPS under the two-class method for basic and fully dilutive EPS versus the more commonly used treasury method for basic and diluted shares. The cash payment associated with the prior 2 dividends paid is $38 million. Again, a little more than 1/2 of this amount was scheduled to be paid this coming November. Although this payment does not get expensed for accounting purposes, the payment must be deducted from reported net income before the calculation of quarterly EPS. You can see this on table 4 in this morning's press release. The third item associated with this sweep is an increase in shares outstanding for computing EPS on a fully diluted basis. Under the two-class method, vested options are included in the weighted average of shares we use to calculate EPS. This is the major difference versus the treasury method computation for basic and fully diluted shares. Thus, our full fiscal 2013 weighted average share count will now be approximately 55.1 million and fourth quarter will be 56.9 million. I'm now going to switch to the third topic, which is our new debt and the $22 dividend announced in July. On July 1, we raised $1.4 billion of additional debt to pay a $22 special dividend on July 25. We were able to take advantage of what we believe to be relatively low interest rates. On the new $900 million term loan, we obtained a rate of LIBOR plus 300, with a 75 basis points floor maturing in 2020. We also issued $500 million senior subordinated notes with a fixed interest rate of 7.5% with a maturity in 2021. Immediately after the financing, our fixed-to-variable debt ratio was split approximately 50% fixed and 50% variable. So we recently entered into a forward starting interest rate hedge for $1 billion and a fixed rate of about 5.4%. The fixed rate starts October 1, 2014, and ends in fiscal 2019. This hedge will increase our fixed-rate debt from around 50% to approximately 70%. One additional note regarding the $22 dividend. We estimate the tax treatment of this most recent dividend will be at least 90% or more our return of capital. That is your taxes will be deferred and then the remaining difference will be dividend income. We plan to post a preliminary Form 8937 on our website in early September, and the final determination will be available after we file our tax return for fiscal 2013, which is around June 15, 2014. And finally, the last item occurred in June was the successful closing of 3 acquisitions for a total purchase price of about $475 million. We paid cash for all 3 acquisitions. And with that, let me now review the consolidated quarterly financial results, which is also shown on Slide 7. Q3 net sales were $489 million, up $27 million or 6% from the prior year. Our organic growth was up 4.5% over the prior year, primarily due to the commercial OEM and defense markets, which Nick has already discussed in detail. Reported gross profit was $269 million, up $16 million or 6% versus the prior year and is in line with our sales growth. Gross profit margin was 55% of sales, which was flat when compared to the prior year. The current quarter margin would be closer to 57% after adjusting for the dilutive impact of acquisition mix, unfavorable OEM to aftermarket mix and higher stock compensation expense. This 57% compares to a margin of approximately 56% in the prior year when excluding the impact of the acquisition-related costs. Selling and administrative expenses were 16.9% of sales for the current quarter, compared to 12.2% in the prior year. A majority of the increase in SG&A was related to the noncash stock compensation expense I previously discussed. Stock compensation expense as a percent of sales increased to 5.5% this quarter, from 1.1% in the prior quarter. Transaction-related expenses from our recent acquisitions also increased our current SG&A percentage by about 1 percentage point. If you normalize SG&A by excluding these 2 items, the rate as a percent of sales would have been about 11%, which is similar to the prior year. Full year fiscal 2013 SG&A rate will now be closer to 13% with all the above expenses. Interest expense was $62 million, an increase of approximately $7 million versus the prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $4.3 billion in the current quarter versus $3.6 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt was due to the additional term loan and subordinated notes added to fund the dividend paid in November, which totaled approximately $700 million. Our weighted average cash interest rate decreased to 5.5% compared to 5.7% versus the prior year. Please note that since we closed on the dividend financing in July, the third quarter did not include any impact for the newly incurred $1.4 billion of debt. We now expect our full fiscal year 2013 net interest expense to be approximately $272 million. Our effective tax rate was 32.9% in the current quarter compared to 30.7% in the prior year. The prior quarter rate was favorably impacted by discrete items related to an IRS settlement and adjustments resulting from the filing of the previous year's federal tax return. We now expect our effective tax rate for the full year to be closer to 33%. Net income for the quarter decreased $14 million or 15% to $77 million. This compares to net income of $90 million in the prior year. The decrease in net income primarily reflects higher stock compensation and interest expense, partially offset by higher sales volume and lower acquisition-related expenses. GAAP EPS was $0.71 per share in the current quarter compared to $1.68 per share in the prior year. In addition to increased stock compensation and interest expense previously mentioned, the current quarter was also significantly impacted by dividend equivalent payments paid on the accelerated options vesting to amounts of -- to $0.70 per share. Please reference page 12 of the slide deck. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.89 per share, an increase of 1% compared to $1.88 per share last year. The increase in adjusted EPS was lower than the increase in sales, primarily due to the higher interest expense in the current quarter and the lower effective tax rate in the prior quarter -- prior year quarter. As presented on page 9, the quarterly -- the quarter adjustment to bridge GAAP to adjusted EPS were the following: the dividend equivalent payment of $0.70 per share; the noncash compensation cost of $0.39 per share; and acquisition-related cost of $0.09 per share. Switching gears to cash and liquidity, which is shown on Slide 8. We ended the quarter with $270 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's actual debt leverage ratio was 4.8x our pro forma EBITDA on a gross basis, and 4.5x on a net basis. Adjusted for the new debt, dividend and DEP payments made in July, our pro forma net debt leverage ratio would have been 5.9x our pro forma EBITDA. We now estimate our yearend cash balance will be approaching $500 million and our net debt leverage ratio to be approximately 5.7x our pro forma EBITDA. With regards to our FY '13 guidance, we have updated it to reflect all the activity from quarter 3 and quarter 4. Our full year GAAP earnings per share guidance decreased to reflect the additional dividend equivalent payment, increase in our non-cash stock compensation, interest expense and higher share count, partially offset by the favorable impact of recent acquisitions. The midpoint of our GAAP EPS is now $2.34, down $3.06 from prior guidance and adjusted EPS is now $6.80 or $0.14 lower from prior guidance. The $4.46 of adjustments to bridge GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS includes the following: $3.11 from dividend equivalent payments. This includes an additional $1.71 in the fourth quarter related to the $22 dividend paid on July 25; $0.59 from noncash stock option expense; $0.37 from refinancing costs; and $0.39 from acquisition-related expenses. Hopefully, this explanation and the handouts given out today will help you understand all the significant fluctuations. With that, I'd like to now turn it back over to Liza.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Joe Nadol from JPMorgan.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Actually, it's Seth on for Joe this morning. If I can maybe ask about the aftermarket, in terms of what's changing, you highlighted that there were areas of strength and weakness, but maybe you can talk a little bit about the 2, what we'll see tomorrow when the Q comes out, how the aftermarket fared in each of the 2 aerospace segments? How it fared maybe geographically relative to what you told us last quarter about areas of strength and weakness? Any additional color would be helpful.
W. Nicholas Howley: We won't see how it fared geographically. We don't -- that's not part of what we disclosed. I don't think the trends changed significantly from last quarter. Where the softness is there's softness in Europe and you're not seeing as much growth as we would've anticipated in China. Now that being said, obviously, it looks like they all may be getting a little better. With respect to the 2 segments, I don't think you'll see anything significantly different in them, and if it is, it's just a quirk in the timing. The airframe segment, just by the nature of the products, has a little less aftermarket. So its margins will always be a little lower. It just has some of the products in there going in an airplane and staying on longer, so you don't have quite as much aftermarket in that segment.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And if I can follow-up with just one more, you talked about maybe having a little bit more confidence incrementally regarding the outlook for defense. What's giving you that confidence? What's changed relative to the past?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, maybe a little more confidence. I think you might be overstated there. I think, I said I feel a little less negative about kind of the degree of the downturn. I mean, very simply, everything I read from other aerospace companies, and I look at our underlying numbers and they're hanging in better than I expected. And that happens 3 or 4 quarters and it starts to influence a little bit your view of it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli from KeyBanc.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Nick, maybe on the -- can you comment a little bit about the pricing environment in the aftermarket around the OE side? Boeing's Partnering for Success, a lot of the larger Tier 1 suppliers looking to get cost out of the business. Is that having any sort of impact on your ability to kind of get price and execute on the value-creation process?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I would say there's no -- I can't say there's any substantive change in the pricing environment. Surely, that's true in the aftermarket. Many of the large OEMs are around seeking to get their cost down. I don't -- I'm not going to comment on any customer relationship specifically, but I would be surprised if it materially impacts the company at the end of the day, whatever sorts out on those issues.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, just one other follow-up on the aftermarket, you've got this sort of the mix here with OE and aftermarket as a little bit of a reason for the margin pressure. What kind of improvement do you need to see in aftermarket to maybe help offset that OE strength? I mean, is it just getting back to a more normalized sort of...
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say, as you can see, you can almost look at the differences in growth this year between the 2, the OEM grew faster than the aftermarket, or we have the aftermarket almost flat, the OEM up whatever we said, I'm saying this from memory now, about 10%. That generated about a 1-point margin movement. You can sort of work backwards on that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Godyn from Morgan Stanley.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to follow-up on the M&A pipeline. Nick, I think you said that you had the ability to do $1 billion in deals. When we look out 12 to 18 months, of course, we don't know what deals are going to pop, like you mentioned, it's difficult to predict but should we be surprised to see $1 billion of deals? If you could just help add some clarity on the pipeline.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. That is purely -- all that is just a math calculation to say how much we could do. That's not speaking at all to what may or may not be available. We wanted to be sure, and want to be sure our shareholders knew, that after we paid this dividend out, that it didn't materially impact our ability to buy. That was the point of that.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And could you add some color on this sort of pace or nature or activity levels around M&A conversations going on in the background? Of course, it's difficult for us to quantify but any kind of qualitative commentary would be helpful.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I can't say it has significantly -- if I say the chatter, well, I can't say it's particularly higher or lower than it was over the last 3 or 4 months. Obviously, there's 3 less companies on the list than there were a month ago because we bought them. But other things fill in.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen & Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Gautam Khanna here. Nick, can you comment on your comfort going above your 6x -- that number, you throw out sometimes as 6x as your comfort zone on leverage. Given the aftermarket seems to be strengthening, are you comfortable going to 7 or perhaps above that?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I would say that -- we don't have a hard rule here. Our general range is in the 4x to 6x. We've said and continue to say that we're willing to be outside of that range for short periods of time as the circumstances dictate, I could envision a situation that you got -- that you were willing to go below it if there was either something pending or you have some particular concern. And we surely, as you see here, we went up -- where do we jump up here, 6 2 or 6 3?
Gregory Rufus: Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley: Something like that. But we expect we'll be down in relatively short order into the range we typically run. I don't -- I think we gave you the rough range. When we move outside of it, there's usually some transient reasons that makes sense to do for a short period of time.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. But you're not structurally comfortably running well above 6?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, depending on the facts and circumstances. We haven't changed our fundamental idea of where we target.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just to switch subjects so I understand the share count better. Have both of the tranches, the 1 70 originally before dividend adjustments, and the 1 60 is clearly coming to the share count, but is the 1 70, the other stretch target, has that also...
Gregory Rufus: No, that's still open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: How many shares, do you have the numbers for that?
Gregory Rufus: Well, how many shares is the 1 70? About 5 million? No, 500,000 shares would be impacted by the 1 70.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So conceptually, we could have -- the 56.9 going forward could rise by 500,000?
Gregory Rufus: That would take place -- it could take place in FY '14.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just given -- obviously, you guys have done a great job and well-earned, no criticism there. My question is what are you guys going to do to kind of realign kind of longer-term interest with the shareholders? Are you guys going to issue a similar plan, 5-year option vests, what have you? What's going to be new in this year's proxy relative to what we've seen recently?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know if I'm following your question.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Well, just...
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me see where at least I'm coming from all that. I don't see anything disconnecting. I mean, we are still primarily compensated on our equity. The company will continue to do that. So I guess I'm seeking what is you're after here on this.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Well, I guess, I'm asking, if I recall, you had a 2-year extension to the existing plan, right? So 2015 on the option grants? Is there a new plan in the works that runs out for a longer period of time that we can expect to see?
W. Nicholas Howley: Okay. I get it. Typically, what we do, and I'll speak now to the senior management and we typically do this also for the operating management, we renew -- we give a new award -- let me put aside, assuming someone isn't promoted into a new job, because then that's handled differently, but in the existing job, what we typically do and at least anticipate continuing to do is every 2 years, a person gets a new 2-year award that they vest in the fourth or fifth year out in front of them. So the idea is they always have 4 or 5 years of performance-based vested options in front of you. If you follow that, we used to, some number of years ago, let them -- up until about 3 or 4 years ago probably, we gave out 5 years at a time, then we let them run down to almost zero then reload everybody. We decided to smooth that a little more. I think you get to the same place, but we didn't want this cliff thing going on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Amit here for Myles. Nick, just another question on the commercial aftermarket inflection point comment on the press release, maybe you can provide the book-to-bill for commercial aftermarket in the quarter and also how defense order trends are maybe looking into the end of the fiscal year?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I would say the book-to-bill in the commercial aftermarket was a little better in the quarter. It's up about, what did I say, 4% for the year. And it's up a little less than that for the quarter. So I wouldn't -- I'd draw more conclusion from the full year book-to-bill. The book-to-bill for the year is running in defense ahead, I want to say -- did we publish that number, how much ahead?
Gregory Rufus: It's running -- I don't remember the exact number. That's just a quarter of it.
W. Nicholas Howley: If I can find it here before we get done, I'll tell you.
Gregory Rufus: It's running about -- it looks like it's running -- that's against bookings?
W. Nicholas Howley: It's running ahead, it looks like almost 10%. So actually, in this last quarter, it was below. So I wouldn't take any -- I wouldn't draw much from that just because it's running strongly ahead for the year.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Just one question follow-up on the M&A. Just one question on the pricing environment. Obviously, general economic conditions are getting better, I'd just be curious if deals are getting tougher to do because of price expectations?
W. Nicholas Howley: I can't say I've seen that, I can't say that it's changed materially.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. One last question, just a follow-up on Gautam's question on the share count. If the stock stays where it currently is, stock price stays where it currently is through September, is there any dilution that we should expect beyond what was reported in the third quarter? I was under the impression that may be another slug of accelerated vesting but...
W. Nicholas Howley: Not in the fourth quarter. If that other suit takes place -- it will come probably more ratably in FY '14. We don't anticipate any in the first quarter either. This is Nick Howley. Let me back up a minute. I had the wrong number. The bookings to shipments for defense for the year is 7%, about, not 10%. It's always a danger just pulling the number quickly off the chart.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of J.B. Groh from DA Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: On aftermarket, is there any product line differentiation or is there -- are the pockets of strength associated with any, say engine or anything like that or is there any discernible patterns there give you some clarity?
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean, I would say subject -- and this is subjective, I don't have a good number for you though. So Ray and I have been doing next year's business plan review, so we've been sort of getting a pretty good subjective feel here. I would say the discretionary type product lines or the guys running them are still not feeling so good. Ones that are less discretionary, are feeling a little more upbeat.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So that would be maybe interior product not as strong as something in engine would be an example.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, that would be an example. Now it depends on the interior product, but that would be -- an example might be faucets, interior faucets. If the faucet gets ugly and just drips a little bit, you can not replace it. Or fin latches, you can let them get sloppy.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got you. Okay. And then, in defense, same sort of thing, is it aftermarket or OE that's really driving the unexpected strength there?
W. Nicholas Howley: I would -- I don't know that I can draw a clear distinction there, probably both a little better than we thought.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, a quick one for Greg. What should the run rate on SG&A be inflated this quarter for the reasons you mentioned?
Gregory Rufus: The full year, it will be a 13%, and that will have some of these unusual charges I just talked about.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So on a GAAP basis, 13% for the full year?
Gregory Rufus: 13% on a GAAP basis with both charges.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Karl Oehlschlaeger from RBC Capital Markets.
Karl Oehlschlaeger: Nick, you talked about capital deployment to the shareholders and cash versus buybacks. Can you maybe talk about how you evaluate between the 2? And maybe related to that, is it fair to think about special dividends making up maybe a similar percentage of cash deployment going forward as it has over the last couple of years?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, let me ask to go forward first. I just can't make any prediction there. That's just a function of how much cash we think is available based on how much we're generating and what we see and what our needs are. I mean, to some degree, that's what we handle in the special dividends. But we do generate a lot of cash and to the extent that we have extra cash, we'll continue to do things with it or we'll continue to give back to the shareholders. I would say, as far as the special dividend versus buyback, if -- I would say we will look at that on a case-by-case basis. As a general rule, and again, many times, the specifics of the situation overrule it, but as a general rule, a significant payout like we just did, 10%, 15%, 20% of the value that would make you buy back in 10%, 20% of the shares probably would concern us about the -- that we could get that done quickly and we wouldn't have a lot of execution risk on the price. As the number drop down lower, we're probably more inclined to do a buyback. We view them as the same thing, just going one way or the other.
Karl Oehlschlaeger: Okay. And then maybe can you talk about the...
W. Nicholas Howley: Also, by the way, I would add, there was -- at least now and there could be in the future, there were some tax advantage due to the return of capital calculation of the dividend.
Karl Oehlschlaeger: Right. Now on the -- defense has been stronger than expected I guess and maybe this is difficult to kind of get a sense of given where that market has been going. But if you think about defense aftermarket, like over the next 12 months with this sequester and maybe OCO spending coming down, like how are you seeing that or do you have any good sense?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think, we'll wait and forecast '14 when we give the guidance out for '14.
Operator: Our next question is -- I do apologize, we have no further questions in the queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Liza Sabol for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you again, Chris. Thank you, everyone, for calling in and for participating in this morning's call and I'd like to remind you to look for our 10-Q that will be filed tomorrow.
Operator: Thank you. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, that does now conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day. Thank you very much for joining.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Lucy Guo David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kenneth Herbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2013 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Allison, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Allison, and welcome to TransDigm's Fiscal 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next 2 weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. It should be also noted that our Form 10-Q will be filed tomorrow and also can be found on our website. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available through the Investor section on our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning, and thanks again, everyone, for calling in to hear about our company. Today, I'll start off with some comments, as usual, about our consistent strategy. And then I'd like to talk a little about the status of the commercial aftermarket, our operating margins and then go into a review of the second quarter and an update on the 2013 outlook. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, and this is on Page 4 of the slides, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products, around 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Excluding the small ground transportation business, about 50% of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA as defined comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket sales have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability in the cycles. Because of our uniquely high underlying EBITDA margins, somewhere around 50% of revenues and relatively low capital expenditures, typically less than 2% of revenues, TransDigm has year in and year out generated strong free cash flow. We pay close attention to our capital structure and capital allocation and view this as another means to create shareholder value. In keeping with that philosophy, due to a combination of suboptimum capital structure, a hot credit market and significant liquidity, we declared and paid a $12.85 per share special dividend in Q1 and still maintained significant borrowing capacity post-dividend. In Q2, we refinanced about $2.2 billion of senior secured debt. The goal and the net result was to reduce interest expense and to increase our flexibility under the credit agreement. As of 3/30/13, we have about $680 million of cash, $300 million in unrestricted and undrawn revolver and additional capacity under our new credit agreement. With no additional acquisitions or capital market activity, cash should be over $900 million at the end of our fiscal year, and net leverage a little under 4x pro forma EBITDA as defined. As usual, we will address our use of cash, borrowing capacity and capital allocation issues as the year proceeds to make a determination as to how best to proceed based on the factors that exist at that time. We have a well-proven, value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our 3 value drivers: new business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. This consistent approach has allowed us to continuously increase the intrinsic value of our businesses while steadily investing in new business and platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace products with significant aftermarket content. We have been able to acquire and improve such businesses through all phases of the cycle. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital structure, we have been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years through up and down markets. In uncertain times like this, we focus on these fundamental elements of value creation as the things we can control. In April, we announced an agreement to acquire Aerosonic for about $39 million. This is a small public company. So we have to get through the various steps that entails. The revenue is roughly $30 million. Hopefully, this closes in the next 45 to 90 days. Aerosonic serves the commercial and military aerospace markets. The products are highly proprietary with about 55% of the revenues from commercial markets and 65% -- 60% of the revenue from the aftermarket. This is similar to the Aero-Instruments business we bought in September. Since we don't own the business and it's a small public company, we can't say much more at this time. I'd like to address 2 other issues: one, our thoughts on the commercial aftermarket; and two, some clarification of the EBITDA as defined margins. With respect to the commercial aftermarket, through Q2, we still have not seen clear signs of a sustained pickup. We, as many in the industry, are a bit surprised by how long this soft market has continued, especially in light of the decent underlying market trends. We are still hopeful of a pickup in the second half of the year, but suspect it may be more like the second half of the calendar year than the second half of our fiscal year. As the commercial aftermarket softness beginning last -- began last summer, we hired SH&E, a well-known aerospace consulting company, to go through a rigorous analysis on a product line by product line basis of our commercial aftermarket revenues and outlook by platform and give us a second position or opinion on our market position. They completed this work during our first quarter of fiscal year 2013. There are a few significant findings, mostly good over the mid-to-long term, but a few not so good in the short term. Specifically, I think the following is worth sharing. On the positive side, SH&E concluded that our mix of products and platforms were strong. As a result, over a longer period, say, 3 to 5 years, TransDigm's aftermarket revenue growth should outpace annual RPM or market growth by 1 to 2 percentage points per year if you include the new 787, CSeries and Airbus platforms and also should grow modestly above RPM growth or market growth even if you just look at the base fleet. That is excluding the new platforms. For the near future, TransDigm will likely continue to use RPM as a base planning tool until we see more actual market results. But this generally confirms our view. We feel positive about this conclusion and its longer-term implications. SH&E also noted that industry-wide, secondhand parts usage appears to be growing. However, due to the relatively low price points and lower percentage of rotable pool-type full assemblies sold by TransDigm, SH&E concluded that TransDigm's exposure to and risk from used parts and PMA is not a significant factor. This has generally been our view, but we're glad to have it confirmed. Of course, this bears continual watching. On the less positive note, SH&E concluded that the near term softer market and aftermarket revenues at TransDigm and possibly many other component supplier is due primarily to: One, softer European carrier demand as a result of attempts to draw down inventory and defer maintenance in response to the poor economic situation; and two, softer Asian-Pacific market carrier demand. Asian-Pacific carriers hold inventories, according to SH&E, that are quite high by North American standards, and many Asian carriers are making a concerted effort to both draw stocks down and to more carefully schedule maintenance cycles. SH&E also tended to be a bit more pessimistic on industry-wide longer-term RPM growth, more in the 4% range than the generally used 5% range. The net result of all this is it's hard to predict the inflection point with any specificity, but it's more likely later in the calendar year than earlier, and the European recovery at least could stretch into the next year. To remind you, TransDigm's fiscal year ends on 9/30. So on upturns, our fiscal year trend tends to lag the calendar year trends by a bit. Time will tell how accurate all this proves to be. Now with respect to our operating margins. We use EBITDA as defined as our best measure of operating performance. You will notice the reported EBITDA as defined margin for the first half of 2012 compared to the first half of 2013 is down, from 49% to 47%. There is a fair amount of noise in the comparable period numbers, and I'd like to try and sort this out a little. I'm going to review the first half of 2013 versus the first half of 2012. The longer the period you compare for this, at least in my judgment, the less distorted things get by cutoff issues, onetime events and the like. The comparable numbers are muddied by 3 significant items: one, is onetime scope change settlements in the 2012 period, mostly on the 787; two, differences in the mix of businesses owned in 2013 due primarily to the acquisition of the AmSafe businesses in February 2012; and three, product mix dilution with the slower commercial aftermarket revenues in 2013. As I believe you know, this is a high-margin portion of our business. In our view, a more consistent comparison between the 2 periods of the fundamental operating performance is generally as follows. If you look at the first half of 2012, the reported first half EBITDA as defined margin is 49% -- about 49%. If you remove the benefit of the onetime scope change settlement, you reduce the margin by about 1% to 48%. If you look at the first half of 2013, the reported first half 2013 EBITDA as defined margin is about 47%. If you add back the dilutive impact of the acquisitions, primarily AmSafe, you increase the margin by about 2.5%. If you add back the unfavorable OEM to aftermarket mix to make it consistent, you add about another 1 point. So you adjust the first half 2013 EBITDA margins on a comparable or normalized basis, we view at about 50.5%. That is a normalized increase from operations of about 2.5% or 50.5% minus 48%. This is how we look at the business operations and track the results internally. Interesting, on the same normalized basis over the same 12-month period, the older base businesses, that is pre-McKechnie margins, are up a little -- on the business we owned before we bought McKechnie, are up a little over 1%. And the recently acquired, that is McKechnie and forward business margins, are up between 4% and 5% over the same 12-month period. Hopefully, this is helpful. But in any event, it's the pieces we use internally to track performance, and you can shuffle them around however it makes sense to you. Moving on to our most recent quarter. I'll remind you this is the second quarter of fiscal year 2013. Our fiscal year began October 1. In total, the quarter, with market channel puts and takes, was roughly in line with our expectations. As I've said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be impacted by a whole range of onetime events. But as you know, we began to see commercial aftermarket softness in the back half of fiscal year 2012. As I just reviewed, the softness has continued into Q2 of fiscal year 2013, and the market status is still not clear. The total company GAAP revenues were up about 10% versus prior Q2 and 16% on a 6-month comparable basis. On a same store or pro forma basis, revenues, that is if we owned the same mix of businesses, was up about 3% on a Q2 versus Q2 basis and about the same on a year-to-date basis. Again on a same store or pro forma basis, year-to-date bookings continue to run ahead of revenues. Commercial aerospace OEM and defense are -- and total defense are booking significantly ahead of revenues. Commercial aftermarket is just booking slightly ahead, and our small non-aero business is about flat. Reviewing the revenues by market category and again on a pro forma or same-store basis versus the prior year Q2, and this is Slide 5. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial aftermarket, which makes up about 3/4 of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 6% versus the prior Q2 and 5% on a year-to-date basis. This is modestly ahead of our original expectations. As a reminder, commercial OEM revenues were up 36% in the prior Q2 and 28% for the first half of 2012. So the comps are tough. Total commercial aftermarket revenues were about flat versus prior Q2 and up 1% on a year-to-date basis. Revenues per day in both periods are up a bit. To clarify this a little, on a Q2 versus Q2 basis, the actual reported revenues are down less than 1%. However, on a revenue per day basis, they're up about 2.5%. On a year-to-date basis, the actual revenues are up about 1%, and the revenues per day basis are also up roughly 2.5%. This to me at least -- this is somewhat unclear picture, so I'm calling that roughly flat. The booking and shipment trends continue to vary considerably across product lines. Ray is going to give you a little more color on this, but our more discretionary products continue to be particularly soft, while the other less discretionary, which make up the bulk of our revenue, appear to show more signs of stability. As I mentioned earlier, the market situation isn't clear though, given the underlying economics, we'd expect to see some pickup soon. In the defense market, which makes up about 1/4 of our revenues, defense revenues continue significantly better than anticipated at the beginning of the year. Revenues are up about 8% on a quarter versus quarter basis and 5% on a year-to-date basis. Again, Ray is going to add a little color here. The military and defense bookings and results are mixed by product line, but more are up than down. Military revenues are holding up better than we anticipated, especially in the aftermarket, but we remain very cautious about trends in this market. Our non-aero business, though small, was down about 7.5% in Q2 and year-to-date. About 70% of the non-aero business is the ground-based seatbelt business. Moving to profitability and on a reported basis. I already reviewed our operating performance on EBITDA as defined. The as defined adjustments in Q2 were made up primarily of refinancing expenses and noncash stock option expenses. Our EBITDA as defined of about $219 million for Q2 was up 8% versus the prior year and 11% on a year-to-date basis. The EBITDA as defined margin was about 48% for Q2 and slightly lower on a year-to-date. As I discussed earlier, adjusted for acquisitions, unfavorable mix and contract settlements, based on the way we look at operations that I described previously, we think the underlying margin is up around 2.5% versus the first half of last year. With respect to acquisitions, we continue active looking at opportunities. The pipeline is still pretty active. Closings are difficult to predict, but we remain focused and disciplined on our criteria and our value-creation method of analysis. Moving now on to 2013. The current economic and political environment is still unclear. Hopefully, it clarifies, but in the meantime, we remain cautious with our spending levels. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions, the 2013 guidance is slightly revised as follows. I'll note that the midpoint for revenue and EBITDA is materially unchanged or EBITDA as defined. The range again has just tightened a bit. The midpoint of the 2013 revenue guidance is very slightly up at $1.86 billion or about 9% on a GAAP basis, up about 9%. The midpoint of the 2013 EBITDA as defined guidance is unchanged at $888 million or about 48% of revenues. This implies an EBITDA as defined margin approaching 49% in the second half of the year. EBITDA dollars are up about 10% on a GAAP basis. The midpoint of the EBIT -- EPS as defined is now anticipated to be $6.94 a share. That's up $0.08 from the prior guidance. This primarily reflects the lower interest expense as a result of our refinancing. On a pro forma or again same-store basis, the guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions. We'll continue to assess the impact of the market uncertainty as the year proceeds. We are reducing our fiscal year '13 full year commercial aftermarket revenue growth estimates. Due to the continued industry-wide softening in the back half of 2012 fiscal year and the continuation in the first half of our 2013, we are cautious here. At this time, it appears unlikely that we will get to the low end of our 5% to 10% growth range. The second half of the fiscal year is usually a bit stronger, but we'd have to see a pickup in the back half of our fiscal year, that's April through September, of close to 10% year-over-year to get to the lower end of the range. This is possible, but seems like a stretch at this time. We'll continue to watch it closely. Based on the strong year-to-date revenues and bookings, we now estimate that defense or military revenues to be up in the low- to mid-single digits. This is an improvement versus our prior guidance. This assumes no cancellations or significant additional delays from sequestration in the balance of our fiscal year. Commercial OEM revenue growth we now estimate to be in the mid-to-high single-digit percentage growth range. This is also an improvement. So in summary, for fiscal year 2013, we now see commercial OEM and defense growth a little better than we originally anticipated, and commercial aftermarket a bit worse than we originally anticipated. As I said before, without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have over $900 million of cash, $300 million in undrawn revolver. And assuming no acquisitions, no additional acquisitions, our net leverage is anticipated to be a bit under 4x EBITDA at the end of the year. We also have additional capacity under our agreement. It's still not clear to me that the market's settled out. Hopefully, the economy will start to pick up and the political situation stabilize. But in any event, I'm confident in our consistent value-focused strategy and the strong mix of our businesses. In times like this, again, we focus on the things we can control. We think that way we can continue to create long term intrinsic value. And for that, with that, let me hand this over to Ray, our Chief Operating Officer.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total, our second quarter was roughly in line with our expectations. However, the lingering economic softness still has us tightly managing our cost structure. We have not implemented an across-the-board headcount reduction, but we have, adjusting for acquisitions, steadily reduced our headcount each quarter during the last 6 quarters. Our overall headcount is about 4% lower than it was at this time last year. This tight control across is particularly challenging with the stronger OEM revenues and softer aftermarket revenue mix that we're currently experiencing. Generally, our OEM sales are at a lower margin than our aftermarket sales. Therefore, this mix of sales requires more labor wages and effort per dollar shipped that makes improving headcount with regard to revenue particularly challenging. Despite this, we believe our operations are doing a good job of managing their cost structure during the current market conditions. As Nick said, we have been looking closely at the prolonged softness in the commercial aftermarket and the unexpected strength in the defense revenue. We have over 50 different product lines, and bookings and shipments do vary quite a bit from one product line to the other, but we have seen some trends. In the commercial transport aftermarket, we continue to see particular softness in the sales of discretionary spares items. We estimate these product sales make up in the range of 5% to 15% of our annual commercial transport spares revenue, depending on the different customers' definition of discretionary and their unique maintenance practices or procedures. These discretionary products are typically things like cabin interior cosmetic items or discretionary product upgrade. The discretionary cabin interior spares products would include items such as the refurbishment portion of our engineered laminates business and non-textile flooring, some lavatory faucet components, luggage bin latches and a portion of our lighting components. As I said, sales of these discretionary products continue to be weak. And as Nick said, we still expect to see our second half commercial aftermarket improve. But operationally, we'll continue to proceed cautiously until the market recovers. In our defense business, we continue to see stronger-than-expected sales. I remind you that defense sales make up almost 1/4 of our revenue. Here also we see bookings and shipments vary quite a bit from one product line to the other, but we have seen some trends. For instance, military spares sales, especially foreign military spares, continue to be stronger than expected. We estimate the foreign military sales to be roughly 25% of our total defense revenue. Of particular note, our foreign spares sales of our Patriot missile products, fighter jet products and C-130 spares are strong. Additionally, both domestic and foreign military helicopter spares continue to be strong. Our defense OEM programs are also, on balance, more up than down. Our A400M component sales are starting to ramp up as Airbus increases their production rates. On the A400M, we provide a range of products including composite fuel isolators, the main and auxillary propeller feathering pumps, the engine ignition system, the landing gear kneeling manifold and flow regulator, a range of cargo area actuators and a variety of cargo-related products. Additionally, our Joint Strike Fighter and military helicopter OEM products are also seeing sustained solid sales. However, somewhat dampening the above OEM sales, for example, is the ramp down of the C-130 production rates and the related inventory drawdown associated with it. As we look forward, we're concerned that the military's reduction in aircraft utilization due to sequestration and the reduced operating tempo could reduce future demand for military spares. Overall, the TransDigm operating units are performing well, given the uncertain economic environment. We continue to diligently control our entire cost structure. Our value-generation activities have continued to be effective across our businesses, and they also contributed to our first half results. Now let me hand it over to Greg, our CFO, who will review the second quarter financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray, and good morning again. I hope everyone had an opportunity to read our press release, which was issued this morning. I'd also like to remind you that Nick's narrative of the business, including some of the financial results, is mostly on a pro forma basis, that is, assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods; while my focus is on GAAP results. So there may be slight differences in our year-over-year comparisons. Before we begin, I want to remind you that we refinanced our $2.2 billion senior secured credit facility during the second quarter. We are happy that we were able to take advantage of a good credit market and make the following improvements: We reduced our total interest expense. We extended the maturity on $1.7 billion of the term loan and additional 3 years out to 2020, and we modified certain covenants to increase our overall flexibility, which aligns with our philosophy to also use our debt structure to help increase shareholder value. Now let me review the quarterly financial results. Our second quarter net sales were $466 million, up $42 million or 10% from the prior year. The collective impact of acquisitions, primarily AmSafe and Aero-Instruments, contributed the vast majority of the increase. Our organic sales growth was up about 2% over the prior year, primarily due to the commercial OEM and defense markets, which was already discussed in detail. Reported gross profit was $259 million, up $23 million or 10%, which is in line with our sales growth versus the prior year. Gross profit margin is 55.7% of sales, which was flat when compared with the prior year. As Nick reconciled the few significant items impacting the EBITDA as defined margin compared to the prior year, these same items impact the gross margin between the 2 periods also. The current quarter margin is closer to 58% after adjusting for the dilutive impact of the acquisition mix and unfavorable OEM to aftermarket mix. This 58% compares to a margin of about 54.5% in the prior year quarter when adjusted for the impact of inventory purchase accounting adjustments in the prior year and the onetime settlement for scope changes that Nick discussed. This comparative illustrates that the base business continue to expand margins as a result of the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Our selling and administrative expenses were 9 point -- or 11.9% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.7% the prior year. This was a sequential improvement compared to the first quarter SG&A rate of 12.8%. We expect to run at a rate closer to 12% in the second half of fiscal '13 as we continue to pay close attention to our cost structure. Interest expense of $64 million, an increase of approximately $12 million versus the prior year quarter. This is the result of an increase in our weighted average total debt to $4.3 billion in the current quarter versus $3.4 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt was due to the additional term loan of $500 million related to the AmSafe acquisition made in February of last year and the additional term loan and subordinated notes added to fund the dividend just paid in November, totaling approximately $700 million. Our weighted average cash interest rate has decreased to 5.5% versus the 5.7% in the prior year. Refinancing cost of $30 million that was previously capitalized from our 2010 credit agreement when we acquired McKechnie were written off during the quarter in conjunction with the refinancing of our senior secured credit facility in February this year. Our effective tax rate was 31.9% in the current quarter compared to 34.7% in the prior year. The quarter rate was primarily reduced by the retroactive reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. We continue to expect our effective tax rate for the full year to be between 33% and 34%. Net income for the quarter decreased $14 million or 17% to $68 million. This compares to net income of $82 million in the prior year. The decrease with net income primarily reflects the onetime refinancing cost and the higher interest expense, partially offset by higher sales volume and the lower effective tax rate. Our GAAP earnings per share was $1.25 per share in the current quarter compared to $1.51 per share. The current quarter was significantly impacted by the onetime refinancing cost just mentioned, which is an impact of $0.38 per share. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.74 per share, an increase of 6% compared to $1.65 per share last year. The increase in adjusted earnings per share was lower than the increase in sales, due primarily to the higher interest expense, partially offset by the lower effective tax rate. The quarter adjustments to bridge GAAP and adjusted EPS are the following: The refinancing cost was $0.38 per share, the noncash compensation cost was $0.09 per share, and acquisition-related expenses were $0.02 per share. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. We generated $240 million of cash during the first half of this year and ended with $680 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's debt leverage ratio was 5.1x at pro forma EBITDA on a gross basis and 4.3x on a net basis. As we expect, we continue to generate over $100 million of cash each quarter, and assuming no acquisition activity, we expect our debt leverage ratio to be 4.9x EBITDA on a gross basis and 3.9x on a net basis at the end of the year. With regards to our fiscal '13 guidance, we have made some modest changes, which include slightly raising the midpoint of sales by tightening our guidance range and maintaining the midpoint of EBITDA. Our full year GAAP EPS guidance decreased to reflect the onetime refinancing cost, but adjusted EPS increased as a result of interest expense savings from the refinancing. The midpoint of our GAAP EPS is now $5.40, down $0.32 from the prior guidance, and adjusted EPS guidance is now $6.94, up $0.08 from the prior guidance. The $1.54 of adjustments to bridge GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS includes the following items: $0.70 from dividend equivalent payments, $0.38 from refinancing cost, $0.35 from noncash stock option expense and $0.11 from acquisition-related expenses. With that, let me turn it back over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me -- this is Nick Howley. If I confused anybody, apparently once or twice, I used the wrong EBITDA margin for the second quarter. 47% was the reported EBITDA as adjusted margin if there was any confusion there.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Nick. [Operator Instructions] Allison, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Nick, could you comment on what the aftermarket growth second half over first half in fiscal '13 is now implied to be? And also the kind of how -- what's your -- it kind of sounded like you were counting more on the not this quarter recovery, but kind of a fourth quarter, your fiscal year recovery and then first quarter next fiscal year recovery. So just kind of -- so that our expectations are in line, how much of a hockey stick is it for this year still within that aftermarket guidance?
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me start off, Myles, by saying, in case it's not transparently obvious, I don't know when the pick up's coming. I would say for the first half versus second half, as I think I said, I mean, it's essentially just math. We're up 1% the first half. To be 5% for the year, over 5%, we've got to be 9% or 10% for the second half.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry, I meant sequentially, second half over first half, not year-on-year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Oh, yes, I don't know what that number is. I looked at it year-on-year is what I do know. But it's definitely up. It's got to be up to get there. The -- I guess we could -- Liza, we could figure that out. I just don't know the number as I sit here. What was your other question? Are you figuring to pickup more in the fourth -- our fourth quarter than our third quarter?
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I don't -- I surely -- it feels to me like it's slipping out further. And I hear everybody else talking about the second half of their year, and the second half of their year starts in our fourth quarter. The further out I go, the better I feel about it. I think that's probably about the best I could tell you. I don't want to get into speculating about the next quarter yet.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on the M&A pipeline, Nick, just maybe a quick comment on....
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, decent.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: What you said was -- you said was active. But what -- I mean, what kind of size of deals are you looking at?
W. Nicholas Howley: A range, a range. Not real big, but not real little ones either. We have some decent stuff in the pipeline.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe just as a follow-up to the last question there. Last quarter, I think you pretty definitively said the M&A pipeline had picked up pretty noticeably, but I guess there's been -- I think there's been less activity than many of us would have expected. Can you maybe talk about where the breakpoints have been in conversations and what is it that's holding things up? Or is it just that the pipeline didn't pick up until 3 or 4 months ago, and it takes longer than that to make something happen?
W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's more like that. I would say the things -- some of the things we've been working on, frankly, have been moving along slower than I might have hoped. You can't always control the speed of motion -- speed of movement on them. Well, I guess you can. You can give up on everything. But generally, we've seen some things moving. It's a little slower than we hope, but I just -- I'm very wary, and I'm very cautious about speculating on the rate of close on anything. But I would tell you, we're still pretty busy.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just to follow up on the margin detail you gave, which was very helpful.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess you've had AmSafe for over 1 year. I guess maybe the way to ask the question is, you talked about how you would be a little over 50%, call it 50.5% EBITDA as defined if you adjusted -- if you made all those adjustments. Maybe talk about when you think the timing is that you could crossover that on a reported basis.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think what we did tell you is, to meet our EBITDA goal for the year, we have to get close to 49% for the second half of the year. So that's, I would say, starting to get close to 50% again. I don't want to get into speculating what next year's quarters might look like, but I think we tried to give you a little bit of guidance in that our base business, the pre-McKechnie EBITDA margins if you would normalize for noise, in our view, are still moving up in the 1%, little over 1% a year. So you can almost take -- if you've got any -- wherever we stand, you'd expect, even it stopped sort of a significant improvement, you'd expect -- you could move the things 1 point a year. So 49% in the second half of the year starts to make you feel pretty good, all things being equal, and the next year you ought to be able to get there.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: And to put that timing in perspective, we closed on AmSafe in about the middle of February of last year. So when you look at the first half, we only owned them for about 40 days last year.
W. Nicholas Howley: By the way, let me just back up on whoever asked me on the -- I think it was you -- I think it was Myles. The second half would have to be up. To get to the 5%, second half will have to be up 8% versus the first half. Now which I would say is not -- I wouldn't say that's impossible, but it's starting to feel like a pretty good stretch to me.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Nick, could you just clarify something you said earlier, which was about the pre-McKechnie margin expansion? You said it was up about 1%. Did I catch that right, and what was the time periods in?
W. Nicholas Howley: The same 12-month period, first half '12 to first half '13, that's always what I'm talking about when I do that margin analysis.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And why might the pricing not have a bigger impact than that on those businesses?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't -- I'd have to think about that. The answer is a little over 1%.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: But you clearly still have the OEM aftermarket, and that's working against you.
W. Nicholas Howley: Rob, I normalize that out, but I'm not sure we normalized all the pricing out of it.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: But I figure this is mature business lines for you. You're very efficient. You get more efficient every year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And you got pricing. So I just thought the 1% would be higher on the most mature stuff.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, it's a little over 1%. It's a little over 1%, but not -- it's a little over 1% is what I said, but that's about what it is, Rob. And I think an old business that we've had for a while, they're not going to hit infinity. So they're not going to hit 100%. These things are running at pretty high margins. It takes a fair amount to move them.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then is it fair just -- you've already talked a lot about the aftermarket trends and how this is pushing to the right, so you're not seeing any improvement in the bookings or the behavior very recently?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't want to get -- I don't want to talk about this quarter, Rob. I just don't -- I mean, I can't talk about this quarter and things that we haven't come out with yet. But I mean, you hear -- I guess you hear what I'm saying is, I hear everyone else talking about the second half of the calendar year, which is -- starts in our fourth quarter, and that sort of seems like it makes more sense to me.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right, and then you mentioned what SH&E told you, and they talked about Europe and Asia trends there. What's your relative exposure? I guess it tracks the fleet.
W. Nicholas Howley: It tracks the fleet, Rob. We could take the installed base or the hours flown or something like that, and I would guess the 2 of them are -- I'm just going to say this from memory, 55% or something like that.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And have they given you some sense in doing this study, you talked about how you think Europe's recovery goes. What about Asia? What's the view on when you start to see that?
W. Nicholas Howley: Their view on that, again, for what it's worth -- but I think, Rob, you probably know those guys. They're fairly knowledgeable. I mean, they do...
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I do know them.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, they do a lot of work on it. They keep a lot of track of it. Their general view for us was by next year, the Asian ones are pretty well sorted out and cranking along. They're a little more nervous about Europe.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. Just a last question for you on defense, with regard to the fact that you don't have sequestration in there, you've talked about the risk profile. But with the focus from DoD on maintenance and on pulling back flying hours and so on, don't you think you might be a little bit more conservative in the guidance there than what you're looking for here? It seems to me that could change sharply even in a quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: It could. Rob, I would say we are probably booked out now. Not booked out to the end of the year, but on defense, I'm going to say this. We're probably booked out more than 3 and less than 6 months, which doesn't get us all the way to the end of the year, but gets us close. Now they're -- as I said, there is always risk. Defense Department can cancel things. I'm assuming they don't cancel things. So that's what gives me a little more comfort. Usually, not never, but it's fairly unusual for them to start canceling orders they already placed.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of J. B. Groh of D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just playing off that last question, do you get a sense there's any sort of pull forward of aftermarket purchases, particularly in defense?
W. Nicholas Howley: That's awful hard to know. It's obviously better than we expected. I would say that we're getting a pretty good pop from the 25% of our military business that's non-U.S. That's going along pretty well. But the orders are higher than we expected. So I don't exactly know why.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Does the profitability vary on the international business versus the domestic?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I don't know that it's material.
Gregory Rufus: Not material, not material, yes.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And then I just had a point of clarification. I think I heard you say, I was writing down, of 2% organic growth, but I saw in the press release it says flat. So what was the acquisition contribution?
W. Nicholas Howley: This is -- you're talking about the aftermarket now?
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Oh, okay, that was just aftermarket.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, what I said about the aftermarket is it was on a reported basis for the quarter, the aftermarket revenues were down less than 1%, but there were less days than the previous quarter. If you adjusted it per days, it was up about 2.5%, and it was the same sort of relationship for the first half of the year. It's just -- it's the way holidays fall in our quarterly cutoffs.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got you. But overall, organic was flat if you don't adjust for the days.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, definitely. So what I said, you've got one little up and the other a little down. I call that about flat.
Gregory Rufus: You were just talking aftermarket.
W. Nicholas Howley: The aftermarket I'm talking about, commercial aftermarket.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Nick, to follow-up on the acquisition front, I was wondering if you could comment on what sort of prices you're seeing potential sellers are trying to get at the moment, but also if you're seeing any more competition for these assets than you'd normally see.
W. Nicholas Howley: I really can't say I see a substantive change in the market dynamics, either people in or pricing levels. I mean, good stuff typically sells at a pretty good price, but I can't say I've seen some significant difference in market participants. Probably the only way that realistically happens would be to get a bunch of PE guys jumping in on the deals, and we haven't seen a lot of that.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the aftermarket. I was wondering if you could comment on your pricing environment if there's been any changes there, and if you strip out pricing that if -- whether your aftermarket volumes were actually down year-on-year?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, there's no change in the pricing environment. If you strip out pricing, they are down.
Operator: And your next question comes from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So just a follow-up call on the work you've done to try to understand the weakness in the commercial aftermarket. You mentioned that you see a long-term positive in some of the new platforms you're on. Any findings in terms of weakness in some of the more important platforms for you today? In other words, is your platform mix an incremental headwind here?
W. Nicholas Howley: No. That's what I tried to say, just to be clear. If you strip out the new platforms, which I'll define as CSeries, 787 and new Airbus A380, not too much A350 because it's not all defined yet. But if you strip that out, at least the conclusions that we got on the base aftermarket business was still that the positions were such that you could expect to grow slightly above the RPM growth rate, which says you have a pretty good distribution of parts. If you add the new ones on, the estimate was you'd grow a bit above the RPM rate. Now that says to me you've got a decent portfolio mix, and that was one of the main goals we gave them or a scope definition in the job, by the way.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. Got it. And then just a follow-up question also on the pricing dynamic. I know you're limited on what you can say about Aerosonic, but it does seem that, at least on the EBITDA basis, it looks pretty pricey. Maybe you can help us understand how maybe it's not as pricey as it looks.
W. Nicholas Howley: It's -- I just simply can't talk about that. It's a public company. And they're going through the tender process, and I just can't say anything about it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Seth on for Joe this morning. Just had one question, maybe about commercial OE and the strength in the quarter on a very strong quarter last year and the increase in the guidance. Last quarter, you seemed quite concerned about the 787 inventory overhang and the flattening OE production profile. How's your thinking about the commercial OE market changed since last quarter?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know that our view has changed a lot since the last quarter, and I don't know that I can make any judgment from one quarter on the OE production rates and inventory drawdown. That's more like a multiple year issue than a 3- or 6-month issue.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, so you still have that similar outlook for flattening production and a lot of 787 inventory out there?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I think we go through that sort of once a year what our view is of the subsequent year production rates. I think I will address that when we do the next -- when we do our next year's guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company.
Lucy Guo: It's Lucy in for Gautam, who sends his regards. I just have a follow-up on your defense business. What was the revenue trend sequentially and was there any change in the order trends in April?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we can't talk about anything beyond the published information at the end of March. We'll talk about the next quarter when we talk about it.
Gregory Rufus: Sequentially.
W. Nicholas Howley: Sequentially, I don't...
Liza Sabol: She's asking revenues, right?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, sequential revenues in defense I think she's been asking. I mean, generally, it's going better than we anticipated. I don't remember the exact number.
Lucy Guo: And then can you just refresh my memory on...
W. Nicholas Howley: We did tell you that the bookings continue to run ahead of the shipments, and we're going to figure out the sequential number here in a minute. Go ahead.
Lucy Guo: And can you just refresh my memory on the contingency for sequestration, your outlook, your defense outlook?
W. Nicholas Howley: We are assuming that -- the biggest assumption is that we will not get any cancellations. In other words, we are probably booked out for a good part of the year. It's more than 3 and less than 6 months we're booked out, and we only got 6 months left in the year. So I think we're pretty comfortable if we don't start to get cancellations or things don't just stop. I don't know if I can give you a number on that.
Lucy Guo: Okay, is there any cancellations that's out of the ordinary so far?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I would say I don't think -- surely, I can't tell if it's you 0 across the company, but I can tell you there has been no substantive or material cancellations from the government. We have not seen them do that. Generally, they do not, but they have the right to. Defense contracts can almost always be canceled for convenience, which means they have to pay you whatever money you have in it and a negotiated markup. They typically don't do that because they'd rather have the product and pay half the money and not get the product. Of course, they can do it, but they can -- they have the right to do it.
Lucy Guo: Right. And finally, just in broad terms can you talk about any discussions you may have with Boeing regarding their partnering for success initiative, and are the discussions on a business by business basis or a company-wide basis?
W. Nicholas Howley: Both. And I really don't -- yes, we're a supplier like all other suppliers are to them. Yes, they're discussing with us also. I really am not willing to get into -- I don't want to get into details of our discussion with individual customers. By the way, what is it, sequentially that shipment? Defense is high-single digits increase sequentially. That's a percentage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss of UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Nick, going back to the margin discussion. I guess my question is around AmSafe and how AmSafe is doing. I think I would have thought even with the dilution from AmSafe and the aftermarket mix hurting going against you, I would have thought, given some underlying improvement in AmSafe, that the margins will be a little bit better than what we're seeing today. So can you just talk about how AmSafe is progressing maybe relative to what you saw with McKechnie.
W. Nicholas Howley: AmSafe is -- you're not going to get as rapid an increase like McKechnie because you do have at least a net business. It's not going to change as much. It's not as good a business. The...
Raymond F. Laubenthal: The net and cargo.
W. Nicholas Howley: The net and cargo business, which is the smaller, smaller portion. I would say the big chunk, which is the seatbelts, is moving along very nicely and is starting to look a lot like a TransDigm business. I think that's probably about the best I can tell you on it. That's the big chunk is the aerospace seatbelts, and that's looking very good to us. The net business is not -- is looking fairly good, too. It's just the margins that are low. So you're moving a -- you're trying to move a 10% margin to a 20% or something, it doesn't look as dramatic when you add it all up. And the ground business is about flat.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And at this point, you're still -- you're thinking that you're still going to hold on to that business or is it...
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, it'll be -- we're surely going to hold onto it for another year. It's really not a big enough business to make much impact on anything when you take the revenue times the EBITDA. So it's sort of a value call after a while. Does it make any sense to sell something if you have to substantially discount what the EBITDA is valued at? You know what I mean? Plus you get the tax leakage. Usually it's easiest to do them all bang, bang, bang right around the time of the acquisition.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. And then cash. It sounds like the cash balance is going to be a little bit higher than what you were seeing earlier by the end of the year. I guess given this, what you highlighted slow progress on the acquisition side, I mean, how long do you sit around with this much cash on the balance sheet?
W. Nicholas Howley: David, I think you've seen before, we don't sit around too long so.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. I guess typically when you paid special dividends have been end of the calendar year. I mean, could something happen earlier than that?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't want to -- now I'm being evasive, of course. I would say in the capital markets, something could happen whenever it seems right. I would suspect it would be more towards the back end of the year, though. I mean, I think we probably keep looking and wringing our hands for a while before we do it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert of Imperial Capital.
Kenneth Herbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up specifically on the work that SH&E did. How is that perhaps changing 2 things, either your approach to acquisitions as you look at opportunities there or perhaps the existing product portfolio. And I'd expect maybe there's some rationalization or other output of that that may ultimately happen. But just a little bit on sort of how you're going to use that moving forward from those 2 standpoints would be helpful.
W. Nicholas Howley: I wouldn't expect that to drive any kind of product rationalization or selling things off or anything like that. The main scope we were trying to understand is, is there anything, I'll say, discontinuous or unusual about our portfolio that's making this aftermarket stay down longer than we might have hoped? The biggest part of the scope was to go through and figure all our parts, which we thought we knew, and gave us a second set of eyes to figure out all our products on the chipsets, then extend that by the hours of flight and things like that on each of the chipsets, and tell us whether we have a portfolio that's better weighted, the same as or a little worse than the market. That was probably the biggest part of it. And the second was, can you give us any sense as to why this market's staying down? And those are the 2 things that I tried to talk to you about. I think the summary we got is, we feel pretty good about the portfolio of products we have. So I wouldn't see us doing anything significantly different with them. On acquisitions, we'll buy what we always buy. We'll buy proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We're not trying to fill a hole in or something like that. It's hard enough to find good ones without getting put too many boundary conditions on it.
Kenneth Herbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. So it's safe to say then that you didn't find anything in the research that was TransDigm-specific in terms of the impact right now?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, no.
Kenneth Herbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: From a negative standpoint?
W. Nicholas Howley: No.
Kenneth Herbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: And then if I could just -- you've talked about, and I know you've mentioned the 4 count -- 4% headcount reduction and the puts and takes you're facing with better-than-expected strength on the OE side relative to aftermarket and implications for the resources you need to put in play here. If that continues, is that a significant barrier to your ability to continue to look at the cost structure? Or how should we think about the puts and takes of that as we go through the rest of the year?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, we give you -- headcount is a sort of one -- it's a proxy for cost structure. It's not perfect, right, there's other things and specifically there's outside buys is the other thing. But if the OEM mix continues to get higher, this is just the same -- it's another way of saying that there's a mix impact. You need more people and more effort to produce a part for OEM than you do a part for the aftermarket per dollar of revenue just because they're priced differently. So if the difference kept going on for a period of time, it would get increasingly difficult to get the headcount balanced up with the revenue or the volume. We do not see that as a problem now. Historically, we have been able to -- it hasn't slowed so drastically that we have not been able to get the cost structure adjusted. And I don't see that in the foreseeable future right now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Maybe, Nick, just on the SH&E, did you guys learn anything regarding your pricing power or the pricing environment? Do you think that will be sustainable? And then I guess the other kind of part to that with SH&E is, they're forecasting some pretty big military headwinds on parts purchasing. How do you guys think about dealing with that headwind on the portfolio over the next, beyond sort of next 6 months?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, just to be clear, I only spoke about the commercial business. Anything having to do with SH&E, as I talked about, was only to do with the commercial business, not the defense business.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, so you didn't get an opinion on military. Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: What I spoke about was the commercial business.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got you.
W. Nicholas Howley: I thought they may or may not be on -- the defense business is separate from that. We didn't ask them to opine, particularly on our pricing capabilities, but we don't see nor have we seen any change in the dynamics there.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, just a couple of follow-ups. On the parting out discussion within the aftermarket specifically, is that something where you're able to actually locate in the customer data that that's not happening or where you have some hard concrete evidence that that's not happening, or is it just that the consultant agreed with your logic and intuition as to why that wouldn't happen to you?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, what they know is they have a pretty good idea of what is getting parted out, because people are forever hiring them to study that and study what they can part out and sell. So they know the kind of things that are. I can't tell you they know every part number, and they know sort of the dollar price points and the type of things people are buying, and their conclusion is somewhat the same ours has been. For relatively low dollar value items, people tend to not do it.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So they see the actual parts. It's not just -- they weren't just making it a higher level...
W. Nicholas Howley: No. They got -- they see the prices, the unit prices and things like that for us when they go through it. And they don't meet their criteria for the kind of things they've been seeing parted out. Now the answer is never 100% or 0, but it's not a significant factor. Either the PMA stuff you can get a little bit better beat on because you can look up what's been or hasn't been approved by the FAA. So we have a pretty good idea that, that's de minimis.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then did you give your expectation for interest expense for the full year?
Gregory Rufus: The absolute dollar or the rate?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Absolute dollar.
Gregory Rufus: About $250 million for the year, yes.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it.
W. Nicholas Howley: You woke Greg up with that one. He thought he was gone for the day.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call back over to Liza Sabol for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. That concludes our call for today. And we'd like to thank you, everyone, for your participation.
W. Nicholas Howley: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect, and good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Kenneth Herbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2013 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chanel, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. Good morning. I would like to thank you all that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2013 first quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These are available through the Investor section on our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, please let me now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning, and thanks to everyone for calling in this quarter to hear about our company. Today, as usual, I'll start off with some comments about our consistent strategy, an overview of our Q1 fiscal 2013 performance, some comments on acquisitions and then I'll give an update on the 2013 outlook. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and around 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Excluding the small ground transportation business, about 57% of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA As Defined comes from aftermarket sales. As most of you know, aftermarket revenues have historically produced higher gross margins and have generally provided stability in the downturns. Because of our uniquely high underlying EBITDA margins, typically in the 50% of revenue range, and relatively low capital expenditures, typically less than 2% of revenue, TransDigm year in, year out has generated very strong free cash flow. We pay close attention to our capital structure and view it as another means to create shareholder value. As you know, we have in the past and continue to be willing to lever up when we either see good opportunities or view our leverage as suboptimum for value creation. We typically begin to delever pretty quickly. In keeping with that philosophy, due to a combination of suboptimum capital structure, a hot credit market, significant liquidity and significant borrowing capacity post dividend, we declared and paid a $12.85 per share special dividend, or about $700 million for the dividend and related items, in Q1 of fiscal year '13. Coinciding with this, we raised $550 million of high-yield bonds and about $150 million of senior debt. After paying the special dividends, as of 12/29/12, we have $550 million in cash, $300 million in unrestricted and undrawn revolver and additional capacity under our credit agreement. With no additional acquisitions, cash should be over $900 million by fiscal year '13 year end and net leverage a little under 4x EBITDA as adjusted. As usual, we will address our use of cash as the year proceeds and make a determination based on acquisition opportunities, capital markets and other factors that exist at that time. We have a well-proven, value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our 3 value drivers: new business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methodology. This consistent approach has worked for us through up-and-down markets and has allowed us to continually improve and increase the intrinsic value of our businesses, while steadily investing in new businesses and platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace products with significant aftermarket content. We have been able to acquire and improve aerospace businesses through all phases of the cycle. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital structure, we have been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years through up-and-down markets. In uncertain times like this, we focus on these fundamental elements of value creation as the things we can control. In October of 2012, we announced an agreement to acquire the Goodrich Pump & Engine Control business for about $235 million. This was subject to Department of Justice review under a consent agreement between UTC or United Technologies and the Department of Justice. We and UTC expected this to close in the late December time frame. Under the consent agreement, the process was overseen by an independent trustee, and we understand that we were prescreened by both UTC and the trustee for potential antitrust issues. In December of 2012, we were informed that the DOJ would not approve the transaction. The rationale used to reject this transaction is unclear to us. However, under the consent agreement, we understand that the DOJ has the authority to act in its sole discretion and there was no practical course of appeal, so we have moved on. Moving on to our most recent quarter. I'll remind you this is the first quarter of fiscal year '13. Our 2013 fiscal year began October 1, 2012. The quarter, with puts and takes, was roughly in line with our expectations. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, transient fluctuations in the inventory and modest seasonality and other factors. As you may know, we began to see commercial aftermarket softness in the back half of fiscal year 2012. The softness appears to have continued into Q1 of fiscal year 2013. The market status is not clear. Now, there are some positive signs, there are also some less positive data points. Total company GAAP revenues were up about 22% versus the prior year Q1. Pro forma revenues, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods, was up about 2% on a quarter versus quarter basis. On a positive note, bookings were up more with the book to ship ratio running a little ahead of 1.1x. Reviewing the revenues by category and, again, this is on a pro forma basis versus the prior year Q1. This is -- that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up about 3/4 of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up about 5% versus the prior Q1. This is roughly tracking our expectation. As a reminder, commercial OEM revenues were up in the low 20% in both the prior year Q1 and the full year 2012, so the comps are tough. Total commercial aftermarket revenues were up about 3% versus the prior Q1. Prior Q1 was up 19%, so again, the comps are tough. The picture is mixed and airline buying still seems to be running below underlying demand. The bookings were slightly ahead of shipments but up about 5% sequentially from the prior quarter. This is in spite of less days of operation in Q1 of 2013 versus the prior quarter. On the other hand, discretionary items appear to begin to soften more in this quarter. The booking and shipment trends vary across the product lines with no clear picture. In the defense market, which makes up about 1/4 of our revenue, defense revenues continued better than we expected. Revenues are up about 2% on a quarter versus prior quarter basis. Surprisingly, bookings on incoming orders ran more than 30% ahead of shipments. A large onetime order from the United Kingdom Ministry of Defense for a new anti-missile netting system we developed for ground vehicles made up about half of this but the rest is bookings in our base businesses. Though the booking results were mixed by businesses, more units were up than down. Military revenue and bookings are holding up so far better than we anticipated, but we remain cautious about trends here. Our non-aero business, though quite modest, was down in Q1. Moving to profitability and again on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The As Defined adjustments in Q1 were made up primarily of noncash stock-based compensation expenses. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $201 million for Q1, was up around 15% from the prior year Q1. The EBITDA As Defined margin was about 47%. When you compare this to the prior Q1, EBITDA margin was diluted about 3% from the impact of the AmSafe, Harco and Aero-Instruments acquisitions. There was also about a 3/4 of a percent [ph] favorable margin impact in the prior year's Q1 from a onetime contract settlement. Adjusted for the acquisition mix and contract settlement, the underlying Q1 fiscal year '13 EBITDA margin is up about 1% versus the prior Q1. With respect to acquisitions. We continue to look at a lot of opportunities. The pipeline of possibilities is active, probably picked up a bit in the last quarter. Closings are always difficult to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on value-creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. Moving on now to the 2013 guidance, and I think this is on Slide 6 is that correct? The current economic and political environment remain unclear. Hopefully, the situation will clarify as the year progresses. But in the meantime, we remain cautious, and we're staying very careful with our spending levels. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions, 2013 guidance is slightly revised as follows. Note that the midpoints for revenue and EBITDA are unchanged. The range has just tightened a bit. The midpoint of the 2013 revenue guidance remains at $1.85 billion or up about 9% on a GAAP basis. The midpoint of the 2013 EBITDA As Defined guidance is $888 million or 48% of revenue. This includes 3% of margin dilution from the last 3 acquisitions I mentioned above and there was also about 0.5% favorable margin improvement in the prior year from contract settlements. EBITDA is up about 10% on a GAAP basis. The midpoint of the EPS as adjusted is now anticipated to be $6.86 a share. This is up $0.10 from the prior guidance. This has primarily reduced taxes versus our original guidance. On a pro forma or same-store basis, this guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions. Most of the underlying assumptions are unchanged from the last quarter. We'll continue to assess the impact of the market uncertainty as the year proceeds. We are sticking with a commercial aftermarket revenue growth of 5% to 10% based on worldwide RPM growth of 4% to 5%. Due to the continued industry-wide softening in the back half of 2012 fiscal year and the apparent continuation of this in our Q1, we're cautious. We'll have to see a pickup in the back half of the year to meet this. We'll watch this closely. This is the market segment that is most likely to move our EBITDA results one way or the other. Based on a strong Q1, we now estimate defense and military revenues to be flat versus 2012. This is an improvement versus our prior guidance, and this could in fact, be a bit better than this. This assumes no significant sequestration impact, and I will remind you the comps get a bit tougher in the second half. We'll evaluate this as the political situation unfolds. The commercial OEM revenue range remains in the low single-digit percent. As I said before, without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have over $900 million in cash and $300 million in undrawn revolver at year end 2013. Assuming no additional acquisitions, our net leverage is anticipated to be a bit under 4x EBITDA at the end of the fiscal year, and we will still have additional capacity under our credit agreement. In summary, though there are some positive signs, it's still not clear that the market has settled out. Hopefully, the economy will start to pick up, and the political situation will stabilize as the year proceeds. But in any event, I'm confident with our consistent value-focused strategy and strong mix of businesses, as we continue to focus on the things we control, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. And now, let me hand this over to Ray.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total our first quarter was roughly in line with our expectations. The commercial aftermarket softness was still lingering, so we continued to tightly manage our cost structure. We continued to diligently work our value drivers to create shareholder value, and let me explain our 2013 first quarter operational value creation in a little more detail. Two weeks before the fiscal Q1 started, we purchased Aero-Instruments. The value creation transition of this business is on track, and we are presently working through various productivity projects. So far, we expect this acquisition to meet or beat our value-creation expectations. Now let me turn to the discussion to our operating units and their recent activities. Overall, the TransDigm operating units are performing well given the uncertain economic environment. We continue to diligently control our cost structure. Our productivity initiatives have continued to yield savings, and we're able to modestly reduce headcount during the last 6 months. Our value generation activities have continued to be effective across our businesses, and they also contributed to our first quarter results. Our new business development continued to be quite active. We continue to invest in a broad range of engineered solutions for our customers. Each of our 50-plus product lines has many products in different stages of development each quarter. I won't do this every quarter but this quarter, I'd like to give a little color on some examples of our recent new business program awards for several of these product lines. If you recall a few quarters ago, I spoke about our new products on the Boeing 787, the A380 and the A350. Today, I'd like to talk about some of our new products' applications on other significant platforms. In the commercial transport segment, we have developed many new product applications, and here's a few examples. Our Champion group recently developed an upgraded V2500 engine igniter. This new igniter has superior performance and is now specified as the preferred OEM and aftermarket igniter on the A320 and MD90. In the cockpit area, our Avtech Tyee group qualified their upgraded sealed audio control panel for the Boeing 737 fleet. Several airlines are now retrofitting their fleets with these longer-life units. For the cargo area, we have received certification and initial orders for our cargo pallet fire containment cover system. We have also received orders for our cargo pallet thermal cover, which keeps perishable cargo cool during shipment. In the passenger cabin, we continue to get new business awards for safety, efficiency and aesthetic products. Our airbag-enhanced seatbelts continue to be specified in many of the new business class and bulkhead seating configurations. Throughout the rest of the cabin, airlines are starting to upgrade to our reduced weight seatbelt assemblies. Many more airlines have adopted our water weight saving, low flow faucets. Several more carriers are switching to our energy-saving LED mood lighting and our LED escape path aisle lighting strips. Our Schneller Group's engineering lamp -- engineered laminates continue to be specified on many of the new business class seat modules and interior wall and bulkhead surfaces throughout the cabin. On the new Bombardier composite CSeries narrow-body aircraft, we're also providing many product applications. For example, we are providing the ignition system on the CSeries Pratt & Whitney 1500G geared turbofan engine and the engine anti-ice valve. We are providing the APU lubrication pump, our AdelWiggins group is providing the composite fuel isolators and composite hydraulic isolators. We are supplying the engine thrust reverser on cowl latching mechanisms, along with various external access panel, specialty door and tail cone latch mechanisms. We're also providing the internal cockpit door decompressing latches. We are providing temperature sensors for the engine fan case, the environmental control systems and several air system check valves, and our AmSafe unit is providing the lightweight seatbelts. We've also been active developing product solutions for our military customers. After a significant and successful qualification and testing process, we recently received a large order from the United Kingdom's Ministry of Defense for a new anti-missile netting system. This system, called Tarian, is affixed to the vehicle's external perimeter and provides protection from rocket propelled grenades. It is significantly lighter and more effective than the typical heavy iron slat armor, which means our Tarian RPG protection can now be used on a variety of lighter ground vehicles, including the Humvee. Our AmSafe unit in the U.K. is now busy ramping up production for this big award. For the U.S. Military market, AmSafe is conducting additional qualification and testing for potential U.S. military applications. On the new Embraer KC-390 military transport, we are also providing many product applications here too. We are providing several flight control surface linear and rotary transformers and related resolvers. We are providing various electromechanical actuators for the APU, and we are providing electromechanical actuators for securing the cargo during flight and actuators used in releasing cargo during aerial cargo delivery drops. Our units have also been busy developing upgraded solutions for our military fleet. In spite of the difficult environment, the military so far continues to invest in our engineered solutions when they have an immediate need and they see a clear payback. Here's a few examples. On the MH-60 Blackhawk helicopter, we are providing an upgraded handgrip controller and electrical cable assembly for improved -- to improve the targeting of the forward-looking infrared missiles. On the UH-60, we are providing a DC motor to boost ammunition feeds to the 50-caliber machine gun. And on the Augusta 139, we are providing upgraded tail rotor and main rotor electrical cable assemblies, crew restraint belts and buckles and high-powered NiCad Micro Maintenance batteries. On the V-22 Osprey, we are providing the composite fuel isolators. And on the General Atomics Predator Drone, we are providing the coolant pumps. These new engineering solutions, and many others not discussed, continue to expand our profitable product offering and add to our future growth. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus, our CFO, who will review our first quarter financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray, and good morning again. I hope everyone had an opportunity to read our press release, which was issued early this morning. Before I begin, I'd like to remind you that Nick's narrative of the business, including some of the financial results, is mostly on a pro forma basis. That is, assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. While my focus is on GAAP results, so there may be slight differences in our year-over-year comparisons. Quarter 1 net sales were $430 million, up $78 million, or 22% from the prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions of Harco, AmSafe and Aero-Instruments contributed approximately 90% of the increase. In addition, our organic growth was slightly up over the prior year. Reported gross profit was $239 million or 55.4% of sales. The reported gross profit margin was approximately 1 margin point less than the prior year margin of 56.6%. There are several puts and takes, so let me walk you through these items. The total impact from acquisitions, that's both normal operating results and nonoperating costs, resulted in a dilution of a little over 1 point. The operational dilution impact of acquisition mix from Harco, AmSafe and Aero-Instruments was approximately 2 margin points. Partially offsetting this dilutive mix was a decrease in year-over-year nonoperating acquisition-related cost of approximately 3/4 of a margin point [ph] versus the prior year. The prior period also included a favorable customer contract adjustment that increased last year's margin 3/4 of a margin point [ph] and obviously, did not repeat this year. Excluding all acquisition activity in the prior year favorable adjustment, our gross profit margin in the remaining businesses versus the prior year quarter improved approximately 1 margin point despite unfavorable OEM versus aftermarket mix. Selling and administrative expenses were 12.8% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.9% for the prior year. The increase is primarily due to, again, the mixed impact of the previously mentioned acquisitions, which increased SG&A by approximately 1 percentage point and higher stock comp expense as a percent of sales in the quarter. Partially offsetting these items was lower nonoperating acquisition-related costs. As a percent of sales, we expect this rate to gradually decrease over the next few quarters and should end the year closer to 12% in the fourth quarter. Interest expense was $63 million, an increase of approximately $14 million versus the prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $4.2 billion in the current quarter versus $3.1 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt was due to the additional term loan of $500 million related to the AmSafe acquisition we made in February 2012 and the additional term loan and subordinated notes added to fund the dividend just paid in November, totaling approximately $700 million. Our weighted average cash interest rate has decreased to 5.6% compared to 5.9% in the prior year due lower interest rates on the new debt. Our effective tax rate was 32.6% in the current quarter compared to 32.3% in the prior year. We now expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be between 33% and 34%. Net income for the quarter increased $9 million or 14% to $74 million, which is 17% of sales. This compares to net income of $65 million in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the growth in net sales, partially offset by the higher interest expense. Based on our press release this morning, those of you who are relatively new to TransDigm may ask yourself the question how can net income be up 14% but GAAP EPS be down 43% and adjusted EPS be up 6%? The answer is a combination of several factors, but the key factors that influence this set of facts are: our compensation philosophy and program; the GAAP method of dilutive shares and EPS we are required to use; our acquisitive nature and how we disclose and report these costs to you; and our commitment to generate shareholder value as evidenced by the $12.85 per share dividend we paid in the first quarter. As most of you know, we have a compensation program that rewards increasing shareholder value. A significant component of that is our stock option plan, which is 100% performance-based and includes a dividend equivalent payment for vested options. For GAAP reporting, our dividend equivalent program requires us to use the two-class method for earnings per share, which impacts the reported net income that is applicable to common stock and the number of shares used for basic and [Audio Gap] more commonly used treasury stock method. Because of the complexity of the reporting our dividend equivalent program for GAAP earnings per share, along with impacts of acquisition and accounting rules, we believe that our presentation of adjusted earnings per share is a more understandable and consistent approach for comparative purposes. I'd like to reference you to Tables 1, 3 and 4 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles these items for you. With this rather long explanation, I can now give you a quick reconciliation of EPS. GAAP EPS was $0.66 per share in the current quarter compared to $1.15 per share. The current quarter was significantly impacted by the dividend equivalent payments of $38 million or $0.70 per share compared to $0.06 per share in the prior year. The higher dividend equivalent payment is associated with the dividend paid this past November. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.51 per share, an increase of 6% compared to $1.42 per share last year. The 6% increase is low compared to the 15.4% increase in EBITDA As Defined. The simple and by far biggest reason for this is the higher interest expense previously discussed. Hopefully, these explanations add some color to the press release tables and Slide 9. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. We generated $114 million of cash during the quarter and ended with $550 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's debt leverage ratio was 5.1x our pro forma EBITDA on a gross basis and 4.5x on a net basis. As we expect to continue to generate over $100 million of cash each quarter and assuming no acquisition activity, we expect our debt leverage ratio to be approximately 4.8x EBITDA on a gross basis and approximately 3.8x on a net basis at the end of the year. As Nick discussed and as mentioned in this morning's press release, we have made some modest changes, which include narrowing the guidance range on sales and EBITDA but maintaining our previous midpoints based on our current market view. Our full year EPS guidance was raised due to a decrease in state taxes and the favorable impact of the extension of the R&D tax credit. The midpoint for our GAAP EPS is now $5.72, up $0.06 from the prior guidance, and adjusted EPS guidance is now $6.86, up $0.10 from the prior guidance. The $1.14 of adjustments to bridge GAAP earnings per share to adjusted earnings per share includes the following items: $0.70 for the dividend equivalent payments, $0.35 for noncash stock option expense, and $0.09 for acquisition-related expenses. Now, let me hand it over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. Operator, we are now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard, Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Nick, I thought I'd kick off on the acquisition front. I was wondering, you said that the pipeline was still pretty robust but obviously, the disappointment with the DOJ is now behind us. I was wondering if you can maybe characterize what sort of properties you're still seeing out there in terms of perhaps size and if you're still seeing the right quality of assets in terms of the exposure to the aerospace aftermarket?
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say the size, interestingly, is all over the map, kind of a small, mid and fairly good size. I would say the small and mid, which is what we've more typically done, tend to be -- the ones we're seeing tend to be pretty well right on point. Sort of the bigger they get, the more sort of dilution you get. That's sort of the lay of the land right now. I would say we've been pretty busy the last few days.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. What are you seeing on the pricing front? Has there been any changes there?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, I can't say there's been any change. The things that have closed around the industry have continued to close at pretty hefty prices.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then on the aerospace aftermarket, you've mentioned that there are some puts and takes there. One of the things the industry's been struggling with is airlines deferring maintenance activity. Are you seeing any signs that it's started to come back or that this could last longer than we expect?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know that I can draw any conclusion. As I said, our quarter was kind of mixed. On one hand, the bookings were up, and they were up in the commercial aftermarket versus the prior quarter. In a quarter when there's less days so you'd expect, all things being equal, they'd be down. So that was a positive. On the other hand, we saw a little softening in -- little more than we had before in the discretionary items. So I don't -- I think it's still mixed. I don't know quite how to draw a conclusion there. I mean, you will note we are continuing with the forecast that we'd anticipate a pickup in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Copeland, Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just -- I wondered if you might speak to your comments around constrained spending. I know, Ray, you made a comment about headcount reduction. I wondered if you could size that for us. But in general, I just -- I noticed in the proxy, you noted that you would finish 2 facility relocations and reduce the headcount. You're talking about constraining spending. I'm wondering if you might just give us a bit more color about the scale of how you're thinking about some of the stuff on the cost front given the uncertainty you're highlighting again this quarter.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Well, all of our units are concerned, and we are uncertain, it's across the board. So -- and it's been so since the softening in the second half of our fiscal year last year. So our units, not just the ones that have done some consolidation work for acquisitions, but all the base units have run their costs tightly, and they've squeezed out some headcount. Overall -- some are more than less. But overall, they took some out and it's been in the low-single digit. I don't want to start giving exact numbers and have somebody tracking this and that. There's many factors that occur with headcount fluctuations. But the overall point is we've been managing it very tightly, not just at the places we've consolidated, but at each of the base businesses. We're just concerned about the economy, and we don't want to get overcapacity during this tight time.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, let me just expand on that. To be clear, it means low-single digits across the whole company, not in every operating unit. And anyway, we have not -- as we did in '08 and '09, we didn't go -- we have not gone and said every -- we need a step-down change of 10%, 12%. We've just let each operating unit deal with it as their backlog sort of indicates.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Yes, that's right.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But if you look at the components of cost, it sounds like your infrastructure-related costs, as a result of some of the relocation, should be down year-over-year. If you just roll forward the headcount, your headcount should be down year-over-year. It sounds like there's a little bit more in SG&A, but it sounds like the cost base is a tailwind for the remainder of this year that -- just based on the things you had from last year.
W. Nicholas Howley: That's sure our hope, Carter. That's sure our hope.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner, Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So you'd cautioned us 3 months ago that some of your revenue may get pushed out from Q1 to Q2 because of the disruptions stemming from Hurricane Sandy. Was that the case and hits? If so, how much revenue was pushed out to the current quarter?
Raymond F. Laubenthal: It was de minimis. We were able to recover within the quarter.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it, got it. And then one more, if I may. Your assumptions for the guidance mentioned 787 inventory overhang just as they did 3 months ago. At that time, of course, the 787 was still flying. To what extent does the grounding now exacerbate the overhang? And have any of your companies gotten word that Boeing has begun to pull inventory a little bit less aggressively?
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say it's too early to know. But I would not, absent some real dislocation, very substantial and more than people are talking about so far. I would not expect it to have a substantive impact on our performance for the year, maybe some revenue impact if the numbers come down. But I remind you, the front end of a program like this, you don't make a lot of profit on it anyway. So if the number changes by 10, 15 ship sets or something, it likely doesn't materially impact the EPS or the EBITDA much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn, Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Nick, I was wondering if you could help us, or maybe Greg, on the organic growth in the acquisitions in the quarter. You told us that they accounted for about $70 million, I think, of the overall revenue increase. That's 90% of the total. But how did they grow relative to the rest of the business on a pro forma organic basis?
Gregory Rufus: Well, acquisition and organic are kind of opposed to one another. When Nick talks about his pro forma growth, that includes all of the locations, Rob. And there wasn't anything that was abnormal with their trend versus our other ones on a pro forma basis, Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think so. I don't know the exact number, is the real answer, but I...
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: But I guess what I'm getting at is, shouldn't they outgrow? I was talking about the recent additions as though you own them in both periods, should outgrow because you're applying your value metrics.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, you're right. Though they should outgrow -- yes, they probably should have.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And they did -- they were positive growth?
W. Nicholas Howley: They were surely positive. I just don't know the number, Rob. But surely, we're positive. I guess by the -- well, Rob, it's a combination of what the mix of the their products are. If somebody is heavily weighted towards one product that got particularly hit, that can be tough. So I can't give you one answer. But in general, you're right.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on the defense side, you mentioned you had very strong bookings there. Half of that strength was this U.K. order. Is the other half maybe timing ahead of sequester? They were obligating maintenance funds before they lost them?
Gregory Rufus: Who knows. Who knows, I think that clearly is a possibility. But Rob, nobody gives you an order and tells you that's what we're doing. But it does seem curious.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. And then just a clarification. You talked about going back to this pro forma growth. I think you said pro forma overall was 2%.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: How do I -- I just want to make sure I'm understanding, to reconcile this. On Slide 5, when I look at the right side, is that a different metric? This is the pro forma by segment.
W. Nicholas Howley: No. That's the same metric so you're going to ask -- the question is, how can you have 5%, 3% and 2% add up to 2%, right?
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's the question.
W. Nicholas Howley: Because we left off one called other that I said in my -- that's negative.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's the industrial stuff?
Gregory Rufus: Yes, non-aerospace, Rob.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, non-aerospace industrial stuff was significantly negative. Not a big number, but it was significantly negative.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. Lastly, Greg, the tax rate over the rest of the year, how should we think about that?
W. Nicholas Howley: By the way Rob, I myself had that same question.
Gregory Rufus: I think I said for the year, we're expecting our effective tax rate to be between 33% and 34%, Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: While I'm talking about the quarter, I mean, if you're applying a tax credit or something, is it different in the quarters as we go forward?
Gregory Rufus: You'll get some discrete items, like if we get an audit adjustment, we'll get a discrete item in that quarter. But then, we try to blend it versus our effective tax rate short of the discrete.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Strauss, UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Nick, so on the sales guidance, I guess, why did the top end of the range come down? You talked about defense being a little bit better, flat now versus down and maybe even a little bit better than that. So why did the top end of the range come lower?
Gregory Rufus: There's a couple of answers. This is Greg, David. One is, and we've historically done this, when you're finished with the quarter of actuals, you have one quarter in the book, so you don't have as big a range to deal with. And we're comfortable with the midpoint, so we're going to tighten both ends of the range.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I mean, does it have anything to do with the weakness in the non-aero businesses?
W. Nicholas Howley: No. That's not material enough to impact it.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then on the aftermarket...
W. Nicholas Howley: Hopefully, it's not.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. On the aftermarket, Nick, you talked about the sequential pickup in orders. Obviously, the comps get much easier as we go from here. But in terms of your forecast, can you give us an idea, are you assuming a sequential pickup from here as we go through the rest of the year?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I mean you have to, right, if you just do the math. Right? If you're up, what is it, 3%? Moving 3%. If we're 3% the first quarter and we say we're going to get up in the 5% to 10% -- 5% and 10% range, right, you got to see some increase.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, but it's on much easier comps as we go from there.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, that's right. No, absolute dollar. You have to see some absolute dollar increase though.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And last one on this U.K. defense order that you said was 50% of bookings, does that deliver this year? Or how does that flow through?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't remember how much.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: 50% of the increase, and the bulk of that's going to ship in calendar '13, and in our fiscal '13, probably 70%, 80%. I mean, it's a big ramp-up. So, I mean they'll take it as fast as we can ship it, but it's a big ramp-up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Poponak, Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Nick, does what happened with Goodrich Pump & Engine Control indicate to you in any way that it is now harder for TransDigm to make acquisitions than it has been in the past?
W. Nicholas Howley: No. The answer is I hope not. I mean, the real answer is you'll know when you run one through again. This is a very unusual situation. You did not have to run the normal Hart-Scott-Rodino routine. There was no course of appeal. There wasn't a defined rule for thumb up or down. It was a consent order from UTC, Department of Justice. They didn't have to make any market argument or anything. They just said, "We don't approve it." So we don't believe it's an issue. But obviously, we wish it didn't happen.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like you think this was fairly unique and fairly one-off in the industry.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Are you at all concerned that this draws more attention than -- more attention to your overall process versus had this not ever happened at all?
W. Nicholas Howley: Obviously, no. I wish it didn't happen. If I could write the script, I wouldn't have written it into the script.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Okay. And related to that, can you provide us any color on how your M&A leadership transition has been going thus far?
W. Nicholas Howley: I think that's going fine. The -- Bernie, who is -- Bernie Iverson is the point guy in that now and I'm also always very involved in it. Bernie has been with us for -- since the beginning. He has the whole cultural story down. He's been involved with probably half of our acquisitions. He's coming up to speed quickly. And then as I say, I'm very involved in this also.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just one more, following up on the last aftermarket question. What are your specific inputs for the better back half? Because I know you've talked in the past about reasonably limited forward visibility, but presumably you have something mathematical in here, whether it's the length of time of historical inventory, destock periods or something along those lines. Can you just dive a little deeper into the bigger input there?
W. Nicholas Howley: I can't give you -- honestly, I can't give you a whole lot of specificity on that. We went through a business planning process where every business went through every product line, and rolled them all up by market segments and we came up with a number kind of in that range. As we look back at that again and have people take a look at it, and have a dual roll-up and people give us their views, all our product line managers, we don't see their views being significantly different. All that being said, it is ultimately a call on whether you think the economy picks up some as the year proceeds. And I don't know how to calculate that, other than, I think it's reasonably likely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton, Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Hey, Nick, on the defense side, you talked about the growth in orders. Is there a breakout between the aftermarket buying versus the OEM buying you can see in the bookings in terms of just getting a sense of...
W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's more meaningful to look at the total. And the reason I say that is the channels to market in defense to the OEM and the aftermarket are less clear. Lockheed tends to overbuy and sell-through. Some people buy their FMS requirements through the government, some buy them through the -- yes, through the OEM. But I would say the OEM business is more predictable, other than inventory fluctuations. In the near term, that stuff's pretty much on autopilot, right? I mean, they get the contracts, they're cranking it out. It's more of a longer-term risk. So I don't -- I would say the fluctuations are -- what you see are mostly in the aftermarket requirements. And I don't know that I can give you a significant or meaningful distinction between the 2.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I mean, this is one of those questions as to when [ph]. But do you have any sensitivity that you kind of think about if the full brunt hits, how it would impact the last 6 months of your year?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't have a good sense of that, I just don't. It's such a moving target, and every day, you hear a different rumor. I just don't know.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The other question I had was on the acquisition drag on margins, on EBITDA margins, still about 300 basis points, I guess, in the quarter. And I think it was the similar drag last quarter and for all of last year. And I guess most of those acquisitions get anniversary-ed in the current quarter. How much of this acquisition drag is structural versus we'll see this bleed off in short order?
Gregory Rufus: What do you mean structural? You just -- I mean, it just fundamentally mean it's a lower EBITDA run rate, correct?
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Well, I mean, your citing it as a 300 basis point drag caused by the acquisitions. Those acquisitions will no longer be acquisitions next quarter effectively.
W. Nicholas Howley: Do they roll off next quarter -- is that when they roll off?
Liza Sabol: Yes.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: AmSafe was in Q...
Gregory Rufus: AmSafe was in the middle of February. But fundamentally -- I mean, there's still -- when we talk about the dilution, we're not talking about the economy. We're just saying, hey, if we didn't unlynch [ph] that for the year, those -- they would be that mix. So it may be a little different definition than when we give you the GAAP definition. We're just saying, hey, if we didn't have these 3 items in our base business, the margins would be 3% higher.
W. Nicholas Howley: That's what I think, Myles, your question is, is this your question: when everything settles out, are they just businesses that aren't going to get as profitable as your base business?
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's usually...yes.
W. Nicholas Howley: That's the question. I think that's the question. Yes, so let me -- where we are we listed -- it's right, the impact. Yes, I would say Aero-Instruments and Harco probably get up to our average. I would say AmSafe probably doesn't. As we consistently said, that probably doesn't get all the way up there because you've got this less proprietary netting business. And the netting business and you have a little ground transportation business in there. So that doesn't get up quite as high. But they still have room to go in them. I don't know if that gives you an answer. I guess, if you took all those 3 and priced them out, you probably would come up with something a little less than 50% EBITDA steady-state, but not way off. And if you pulled out the ground transportation, you'd probably get pretty close. But unfortunately, you can't pull out what you want to pull out. You got to deal with what you got.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli, KeyBanc.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Nick, just on the -- kind of the OE transport side, you've got the business growing at low-single digits here. Your peers are probably growing at a 10% rate. You talk about flattening. Are we going to be flat here at this low-single-digit rate? And maybe can you walk us through kind of -- is there pressure on some of the legacy programs there? I would think, with still ramping on the '37 and '87, you'd be able to grow that business a little faster.
W. Nicholas Howley: Now remember, we separated out the 787 from the rest when we gave you guidance. I think we gave you guidance of an average shipping rate for the next 2 years of 1,140 -- was that the number? That, x 787. Now remember, the back half of our '13 is going to start to reflect the '14's shipping rate. It's a call for when you think it'll start to flatten out. We could be conservative. We are pretty well distributed across the airplanes and we're market weighted. As I think I said last time, if you think that's a low number, you can adjust the forecast, we wanted to give you our basis. We are probably more conservative than most in when this starts to flatten out. That's on the rest of it. On the 787, I think we used -- I think we told you an average shipment of 75 to 80 planes over the next 2 years. I don't know, as I sit here today, and say and I look at what Boeing's saying, I don't know if that's such a conservative number. And I also remind you, in '12, there were some number of onetime settlements, mostly on 787 scope issues. But I don't know what percent that made. But it's all a call on whether you -- what you think of the production rates and what you think '13 and '14 looks like. We could be conservative, I hope we're conservative.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just 2 other quick ones. In terms of the M&A pipeline, I mean, do you guys have a desired size of the deals you'd like to close? I mean, you're obviously a bigger company. The last couple of transactions have been bigger. I mean, are you still open to the smaller tuck-ins? Or just how should we be thinking about that in terms of...
W. Nicholas Howley: We will buy -- now I guess there's some size at the bottom we wouldn't do if it -- unless it was a perfect fit. But I mean, by and large, we're looking for proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We're not screening them out because they're less than $20 million of revenue or something like that. And we're not screening them out really on the top side either. So it's -- we have to deal with what comes across the plate, or what we can convince people to sell, more than what we might exactly like theoretically.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then if I can just sneak one last in. In terms of the EPS cadence for the year, I mean, should we expect maybe more back-end loaded, just given kind of your commentary on aftermarket strengthening? I mean, are the next quarter or 2 going to be a struggle to grow that bottom line on a year-over-year basis?
Gregory Rufus: Well, the EPS will expand quarter-over-quarter. We don't give EPS guidance, but the first quarter is historically, and this year should hold true, to be our lowest EPS for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol, JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is maybe tough to answer, but have you guys looked at your -- at used aircraft, and in fact, retired aircraft that are being chopped up? Are you seeing that become, at all, a competition for you in any kind of systematic way? Or is it something that you haven't really addressed because the number of aircraft that are being retired and chopped are obviously growing quite a bit in recent quarters?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we don't believe we see that substantively. In the main, not -- this isn't 100% true, but in the main, our parts tend to be lower dollar value parts, and they typically don't work their way back into the used market much. We may be seeing a little of it, but I don't think it's a substantive issue.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then this quarter, you had, it seemed, sort of an unusual headwind from the very small non-A&D portion of your business. As we look forward to the remainder of the fiscal year, is that not an issue in future quarters or...
W. Nicholas Howley: I think I'd use the guidance we gave you for the year. We kind of gave you guidance on the revenue and I think I'd use that. You're not going to see a material -- I'd be very surprised if we see a material difference off of our guidance driven by that one way or the other.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, what I'm getting at is if we take the 3 core markets and average those roughly because they're each 1/4 [ph] to 40-something percent. If we average those in future quarters, are we going to get to the actual number for the company? Or is there going to be a headwind?
Gregory Rufus: We are not planning on that yet.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes. I'm not sure what we have in that for our guidance. You can almost do the math and figure it out, but it wasn't a big up or down.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. Finally, AmSafe, it's been a year now almost and there is a, you guys have referenced it a few times during this call, a piece, the netting that doesn't really look a lot like other things you do. I think you had indicated you might look at selling it when you acquired AmSafe. You didn't do that. Is that something that you've committed to yourself to keeping? Or are you still looking at divesting if you get the right price?
W. Nicholas Howley: You got the wrong business. The netting business, the margins are lower than we typically -- but we like that business. That's an aerospace business. That's the one that we just got that big military order on.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I meant the vehicle business.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, the vehicle business. I would say we sold it -- we were out to try and sell, we didn't like the price. We're holding it ourselves. We'll make that call in a year or 2. We'll see how it does. I mean, it may well be that as we improve it, it's worth more as far as TransDigm than it is to sell, then we'll deal with that. I mean, we wouldn't sell it just to sell it, just because we didn't like the picture in our annual report. It's clearly not a business that we're -- we wouldn't have picked it, but it's a decent industrial business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna, Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I thought I heard you say early on that there was some incremental softness in the discretionary aftermarket products.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Could you remind us again sort of a ballpark what percentage of your aftermarket portfolio you perceive to be...
W. Nicholas Howley: It's a relatively small percent of our aftermarket. It's far less than the majority, far, far less. I don't know the exact number. But it's things like our engineered laminates, our business is broken into 3 parts: OEM; repairs, which you can think of like spares; and refurbs. Refurbs is when you decide to redo the whole interior of the airplane. The refurb portion of that seemed to soften up some. And our Adams Rite business where we make things like bin latches and lavatory faucets and things like that. Sometimes they can let them be -- get a little ratty for a while before they replace them. That seemed to soften a little. So that's the kind of thing. This is -- it's more sort of an indication of where the market might feel than a big dollar impact. And I don't want to overdraw a conclusion from one quarter. But in the prior quarter, I think someone had asked me that and I think I had said we had not seen that. The discretionary, nondiscretionary stuff was behaving about the same. We saw a little different in the quarter just completed.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And maybe could you comment on whether there are any differences in the aftermarket with respect to your distributor customers versus the airlines directly. Is one -- are the lower consumption levels reflected in both?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. We think -- the distributors, we know pretty well. And we know the -- all the big ones, we know the inventory levels. In general, with puts and takes across product lines. In general, they are in pretty good shape based on the level of outflows that are going on now. So it doesn't seem to be there. They are seeing the same thing we are seeing, that airlines seem to be buying less than they believe their underlying demand, which indicates there had been some in your [indiscernible] or inventory drawdowns. But not at distribution, we don't believe.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Maybe 2 other quick ones. We hear a lot more noise about some of the OEMs going after royalties in the aftermarket and I just wanted to get your perspectives on whether that's something that is a real threat or something that is more conceptual than anything else.
W. Nicholas Howley: The answer is I don't know. As I said in the last conference call, Boeing has begun to ask for it on new contracts. How successful they've been, I don't know. That's about the only place that we have seen it. And we'll see how that unwinds over time. Generally, I would say, if it is not a substantive percent, and you'd probably just pass it on. But so far, we haven't had to deal with it or we haven't had to deal with anything yet concluded on it.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And when would that actually kick in? I mean, this is just on next-generation airplane?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know, probably the next generation. But the truth is, it's sort of when will something happen that hasn't happened yet. I mean, I would guess next generations may be, but the truth is I don't know.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Last one, you said the M&A pipeline has gotten a little bit busier and I just wanted to get your sense on some of the mid- or larger potentials. Are they different from a defense versus commercial mix or aftermarket versus OE? Or is there any skew to them relative to what you've done historically?
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't -- I mean, I have no idea what we may or may not end up closing. But I would say of the stuff, the cross-section of businesses we've seen or have been recently looking at, I can't say they're materially different than we've looked at in the past. Some have more defense than we'd like, but if the price is right, they could make sense. Some are all after -- almost all aftermarket, we tend to like that a little better, but maybe those don't come to fruition. I can't say in total there's a big difference.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Herbert of Imperial Capital.
Kenneth Herbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to ask, you provided some additional information on some of your share wins on CSeries and V2500 for instance. Similar to what you did with the other platforms, can you provide any more detail for us or quantification on these share wins on an organic basis, just as we think about the OE side of the business and the evolution?
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Did we give percenting on the 787, A380, A350? I don't think we did. We just generally said we were doing better. Yes, and we haven't -- the CSeries is going to compete with the 737, A320. The CSeries aircraft is in there. I haven't done a rack up of our ship set content on the CSeries versus the A320 and the 737, if that's what you're asking. But we think we're doing a good job, and we're getting a decent amount of the business we're quoting on those new platforms.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would, for modeling purposes, the way that I would think about it, if I were you, is figure we're pretty evenly distributed across the platforms. In other words, we're sort of market-weighted in the commercial transport. I would say we think we've done a little better on the 787 and the A380. We think we -- on the A350, but that won't materially impact anything for a long time. So the best way to model this is decide what you think about production rates, and that's kind of the rate of increase I'd think about for our commercial OEM.
Kenneth Herbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But it is fair to say that you are -- I mean, I can infer from what you're saying that on an organic basis, because obviously you're adding a lot of content just through the acquisitions, but on an organic basis, you are continuing to take share and, I guess, CSeries would...
W. Nicholas Howley: We think so, yes, we think so. We know we organically picked up in the 787, the A380, the Joint Strike Fighter, the A400M if any ever sell.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: We got a lot of content that's going on that one.
W. Nicholas Howley: We got a gazillion dollars times 0.
Kenneth Herbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Yes. Okay. And then you've talked in the past, when you typically look out over the life of a program over 10 years and your 50% EBITDA margin goals and I know we talked on the 787 on this, but as we think about the margin ramp for these new programs or the wins recently, has anything changed in that ramp? Or how we should think about it? Or is it consistent with prior wins?
W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's consistent. I think if you take the new platforms -- and by the way, this is out there 10 years or so before they get to equilibrium or more. When we take them and price them out in total, that 787, A380, Joint Strike Fighter, et cetera, it looks to us like that mix of products gets up around 50% EBITDA as the aftermarket kicks in, which says to us they're roughly comparably priced, if you follow me.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'd now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you again for calling in this morning, and please note that we expect to file our 10-Q tomorrow.
W. Nicholas Howley: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-11-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Raymond F. Laubenthal  President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Liza Sabol  Investor Relations W. Nicholas Howley  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
Analysts: David Strauss  UBS Securities, LLC Seth Seifman  JPMorgan Securities, LLC Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC Ross D Cowley  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co. Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC Gautam Khanna  Cowen and Company, LLC Kevin Ciabattoni  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co. 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2012 TransDigm Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Charlene, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol. Please proceed.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today, and welcome you to TransDigms fiscal 2012 fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigms Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of todays broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this mornings press release on our website at transdigm.com. It should be also noted that our Form 10-K will be filed tomorrow and also will be found on our website. Before we begin, the Company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in facts, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Companys latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or through the Securities and Exchange Commissions website at SEC.gov. The Company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley:  Good morning and thanks again to everyone for calling in to hear about our company. Today Ill start off with comments as always about our consistent strategy, then an overview of a busy fiscal year 2012, and a financial performance and market summary for 2012 and then our initial guidance and then Ray and Greg will speak a little; fair amount to cover here today. Anyway to restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this and I believe these are shown on Page 4 of the slides. About 90% of our sales were generated by proprietary products and around three quarters of our sales come from products which we believe we are the sole source provider. Excluding, a small ground transportation business, about 57% of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from after-market sales. After-market revenues over the cycles have historically produced a higher gross margin and been more stable than OEM sales. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, typically in the 48% to 50% of revenue and relatively low capital expenditures typically 2% or less than revenue, TransDigm year-in and year-out generated strong free cash flow. We pay close attention to our capital structure and we view it as another means to create shareholder value. As you know, we have in the past and continue to be willing to lever up when we either see good opportunities or view our leverage as suboptimum for value creation. We typically begin to delever pretty quickly. And keeping with that philosophy due to a combination of what we perceive as a suboptimum capital structure, a hot credit market, substantial liquidity and significant borrowing capacity post dividend, weve recently declared and paid $12.85 a share of special dividend which will result in a total pay-out of about $70 million for the dividend and related or $700 million for the dividend and related items. Coinciding with this, we raised about $550 million of high yield bonds, and a $150 million of senior debt at an average interest rate of about 5%. Immediately after paying the dividend, we have about $500 million in cash, $300 million in unrestricted and undrawn revolver and additional borrowing capacity under our credit agreement. With no additional acquisition activity, cash should be about $900 million by fiscal year 2013 year-end. We have a well proven value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our three value drivers; new business development, continued cost improvement and value-based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management method. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets and has allowed us to continually improve and increase the intrinsic value of our business, while steadily investing in new business and platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace products with significant aftermarket content. We have been able to acquire and improve aerospace businesses through all phases of the cycle. In fiscal year 2012 we acquired three businesses with four operating units for a total price of about $870 million. Additionally, about three weeks ago we announced an agreement to acquire the Goodrich pump and engine control business for about $235 million. This is subject to final antitrust review. We hope this will close in December-January timeframe. We have given you some rough numbers on the UTC-Goodrich deal to help with your modeling. We dont yet own the business and are still under a confidentiality agreement, so I cant say much more. However to reiterate, calendar year 2012 revenues are expected to be about $195 million and the EBITDA as adjusted is in the low-teen percent of revenues. The business is about 55% aftermarket and primarily supplies the military helicopter and business jet markets. Just to be clear, there is no impact of this UTC-Goodrich pending acquisition in any of the fiscal year 2013 financial guidance dollars here. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a very clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital structure, we have been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years through up and down markets. 2012 was a busy year. Let me give you a little color here. In the first half of the year, we acquired AmSafe for $750 million, our second largest acquisition. AmSafe was a holding company with three major operating units. We raised about $500 million of debt at that time to pay for AmSafe and still maintain ready liquidity. We acquired the Harco business for about $85 million. We continued to integrate various prior year acquisitions in TDG and we initiated more plant relocations and consolidations. In the second half of the year we acquired the Aero-Instruments Company for $35 million. We sold the AmSafe distribution business to Wencor West in August and the CSafe, the AmSafe-CSafe joint venture to our joint venture partner on October 1, 2012. These sold for a combined $35 million. And we continued the integration of the various units that weve acquired over the last two years. All the while we continued to generate value in our new and existing businesses and create value for our shareholders. And with that Ill turn to the 2012 performance. Ill remind you this is the fourth quarter and full-year report for fiscal year 2012, our fiscal year ended September 30. As Ive said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by difference in OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, transient inventory fluctuations, modest seasonality and the like, but though we started to see some softness in the back half of fiscal year 2012, overall fiscal year 2012 was a good year for TransDigm. Our GAAP revenues were up 35% versus the prior Q4 and 41% on a full year basis. Pro forma revenues that is, if we own the same mix of businesses in both periods were up about 8% on a quarter versus quarter basis and about 11% on a full year basis. Reviewing the revenues by market category, again this is on a pro forma basis versus the prior Q4 that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up about three quarters of our revenue, total commercial OEM revenues were up 18% versus the prior Q4 and 23% on a full-year basis. This is primarily driven by the commercial transport OEM revenues. This pick-up also reflects both the increasing airplane production rates and certain one-time contract settlements mostly having to do with the 787. The substantially smaller Biz Jet OEM segment growth was roughly comparable. Total commercial aftermarket revenues were up about 4% versus the prior Q4 and 8% on a full year basis. On a sequential basis, our commercial aftermarket revenues were about flat. Bookings were roughly even with shipments for the full year. Hopefully we are only seeing a temporary stall in the economy, but time will tell. The defense markets, which make up about a quarter of our revenue, defense revenues continued better than we anticipated. Revenues were up about 5% on both the quarter versus prior year quarter basis, and on a full year basis. Surprisingly, the incoming orders are still running a bit ahead of shipments. As we mentioned in the past, roughly 60% of our military revenues come from helicopters and freighter and tanker platforms. These seem to be more stable than other programs, and we are hopeful that this may partially damp the likely military spending slowdown. We remain very cautious about trends in the military markets. In total for fiscal year 2012, our revenues for commercial aftermarket were slightly less than we anticipated at the beginning of the year, while the commercial OEM and military revenues were a bit better than we expected. Moving on to profitability and now on a reported basis, Im going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined adjustments were pretty modest in Q4. Our EBITDA as defined of about $215 million for Q4 was up 25% versus the prior year. The EBITDA as defined margin was 47% of revenue for Q4. On a full-year basis, our EBITDA margin was about 47.5%. The full year margin was diluted about 3% from the impact of the Schneller, AmSafe, and Harco acquisitions. We also experienced some additional commercial OEM versus commercial aftermarket mix dilution. With respect to acquisitions, we continue actively looking at opportunities. The pipeline of possibilities is reasonably active. Closings are always difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our tight criteria. And with that let me move on now to the 2013 guidance, which is on Slide 6. Given the current economic and political environment, the military budget and commercial markets are both quite unclear as we head into 2013. For fiscal year 2013, this is our best estimate at this time in these uncertain times. Hopefully, the situation will clarify, but in the meantime we remain cautious and careful with our spending levels and well keep you informed if our views change one way or another. We gave you some of our market assumptions in an earlier press release, but Ill repeat most of them here. As in the past, we will adjust the guidance through the year if and when it seems appropriate. Based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions, in other words, these numbers do not include the recently announced UTC Goodrich acquisition. 2013 guidance is as follows; the midpoint of the 2013 revenue guidance is $1.85 billion or up 9% on a GAAP basis. At the midpoint, a little less than 50% of the growth is organic with the balance from a full year of acquisitions. The midpoint of the 2013 EBITDA as defined guidance is $890 million or 48% of revenue; this still includes about 3% of margin dilution from prior acquisitions. This is up about 10% on a GAAP basis. Fiscal year 2013, Q1 is currently anticipated to be lower than the other quarters roughly in the same percent relationship as in prior years. We could also see some modest additional negative impact in Q1 for most production days in a few product lines due to the power losses from hurricane Sandy. If so that should catch up in Q2. The midpoint of the EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be $6.76 a share. This is up about 1% from prior year. This reflects the negative impact, primarily of higher interest payments and higher tax rate. Greg is going to go through that in some detail. Again these dollars do not reflect any impact of the recently signed UTC Goodrich transaction. The 2013 adjustments to EBITDA and EPS primarily reflect dividend equivalency payouts, non-cash compensation expense and some remaining acquisition related activities. On a pro forma basis, again assuming we own the same mix of business, this guidance is based on the following growth rate assumptions. These are materially the same fiscal year 2013 assumptions as we released a few weeks ago. Well continue to assess the impact of the economic uncertainty as the year proceeds. The commercial aftermarket revenue growth of 5% to 10% based on a worldwide RPM growth in the 4% to 5% range. Due to the apparent industry wide softening in the back half of our 2012 fiscal year and the related uncertainties, were cautious here. Well watch this closely as the year proceeds. Defense military revenues are estimated to decline in the low single-digit percents versus 2012. This assumes no significant sequestration impact. Well again evaluate this as the political situation unfolds. Commercial OEM revenue growth is assumed to be in the low single-digit percent range. Some additional color on the commercial market assumptions, they are based on the following. We are assuming an average commercial transport production rate, excluding the 787, of about 1,140 planes per year in 2013 and 2014. As a reminder, 2014 airplane production rates will likely impact at least the second half of our fiscal year 2013. Were assuming 787 shipments of 75 to 80 planes in both 2013 and 2014. There is significant inventory overhang from the 787 program. Theres a non-repeat of certain one-time settlements in fiscal year 2012 and we have the sale of the small AmSafe distribution business in August. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have about $900 million in cash and $300 million in undrawn revolver at year-end 2013. Again, assuming no additional acquisitions, our net leverage is anticipated to be a bit under 4 times EBITDA at the end of 2013. We also have additional borrowing capacity under our credit agreement. In summary, 2012 was good year. Hopefully, the economy will start to pick up and the political situation will stabilize and 2013 will be all sell. But in any event, Im confident that with our consistent value focused strategy and strong mix of businesses. We can continue to create long-term intrinsic value through up and down cycles for our investors. And now, let me hand it over to Ray to talk a little bit about fiscal year 2012.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total we had a good fourth quarter, a good finish to another very busy year. The consistent application of our three operating value drivers and the successful integration of our recent acquisitions continued to add solid value to TransDigm. Let me explain a little more detail, our fiscal 2012 and fourth quarter operational value creation. In spite of the sputtering economy, were able to apply our three value drivers and create real value. We continue to manage our resources tightly. During the last two years, weve grown our pro forma revenue by 28% by reducing our pro forma headcount by 7%. Our continued productivity efforts include moving more manufacturing operations to our Mexico, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and China facility. We have also conducted competitive options for selected machining and assembly work and entered into long-term agreements with suppliers to lock in these savings. Lastly, we continue to invest in our facilities with modern machine tools and automated assembly and test equipment where the return is attractive. Weve also continued to invest in new business development and as discussed in prior quarter calls, we have successfully expanded our content with significant new business in both the commercial and military markets. Our proprietary positions have also allowed us to create real value using our prudent value generation processes. On our largest new business platform, the Boeing 787, we had acquired significant investment and effort to design, develop, test and create manufacturing, processing and tooling. Our work on the 787 has been heavy and the production ramp up has gone well. We are now starting to develop and test many new products for the A350 platform. In fiscal 2012, we also acquired seven operating units, sold off to consolidated one, which netted four separate new standalone operating units. Integrating these four businesses created a flurry of integration and value creation activity. We acquired the AmSafe businesses and Harco Laboratories during the first half of 2012. We quickly went to work on transitioning these businesses into TransDigm value creation mode. As we have done with each prior acquisition, we applied our proven value creation processes. Weve restructured these businesses into product line focus groups and implemented our value creation metrics. We focused the engineering and new business efforts on winnable and profitable new business and we tightened up the cost structure. At AmSafe, we physically consolidated a number of satellite locations to gain greater operational control and reduce operating cost. We also divested the AmSafe distribution business and our part ownership in the AmSafes CSafe business. Looking forward to 2013, well continue to work our value drivers and create value. We also have a pipeline of integration work. Last quarter we acquired Aero-Instruments. So far this looks to be another good acquisition. Weve planned on consolidating this Cleveland, Ohio business with our nearby AeroControlex Group located on the other side of town in South Euclid, Ohio. We expect this move to occur next summer after some modest building expansion. Additionally, as Nick mentioned, we announced the deal. We negotiated to buy by Goodrich Pump & Engine Control business, which well call Chandler Evans. We hope to complete this transaction and take possession in December or January. We will then go to work, transitioning this business into our value creation culture during 2013. Now Id like to switch gears and talk about our management team. These acquisitions drove a significant number of management structure changes. Our continual emphasis on succession planning and talent development has again paid off well for us. Were able to populate most of the key management positions with internal candidates. These proven candidates are steepening our value focused culture and value creation processes. During 2012 we promoted Jim Skulina, Pete Palmer, and John Leary to Executive VP positions. Prior to their promotions, each of them had over a dozen years, creating value at TransDigm. All three had previously been Presidents over various TransDigm operating units. They also had significant acquisition-integration assignments. We also added six new division Presidents. Five of these six new were internal promotions. These internal promotions bring the strong TransDigm value creation culture to their operating units. Of all the division Presidents level weve added 15 senior operational function managers, the majority of which were also internal promotions. We were also fortunate in acquiring some very good management talent in some of the acquisitions in this past year. Our succession planning and talent development system is working and we have a good pipeline of talented people exposed to our value creation methods and our defined training programs. This talent development process is key to our ability to regularly acquire and integrate new businesses. Now let me hand it over to Greg who will review our fourth quarter and 2012 financial results in more detail. 
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray, and good morning again. I hope everyone had an opportunity to read our press release which was issued this morning. Before I begin and I think you know Id like to remind you that Nicks narrative of the business, including some of our financial results is mostly on a pro forma basis. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods, while my focus is on GAAP results. For obvious reasons driven by the timing of the acquisitions made during the fiscal year, there will be differences in our year-over-year comparisons. Switching to the sales, our fourth quarter net sales were $463 million, up $120 million or 35% from the prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions of Schneller, Harco, AmSafe and Aero-Instruments contributed approximately $97 million of additional sales versus the prior period. This represents approximately 80% of the increase. In addition, our organic growth was about 7% greater than the prior year. The organic growth was driven by $17 million from commercial OEM and aftermarket revenue and $6 million from defense. Reported gross profit was $257 million, or 55.5% of sales. The reported gross profit margin was eight tenths of a percent less than the prior year margin of 56.3%. The dilutive impact of the acquisition mix from Schneller, Harco and AmSafe was approximately two margin points. Partially offsetting this negative acquisition mix was a decrease in non-operating acquisition related costs of approximately one margin point. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins in the base business versus the prior year quarter was about flat despite unfavorable OEM to aftermarket mix. Selling and administrative expenses were 11.7% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.2% in the prior year. The increase is primarily due to again the dilutive impact of the previously mentioned acquisitions, which was approximately one margin point in SG&A. We also had a higher run rate of R&D as a percent of sales in the quarter, partially offset by some lower non-operating related costs. Net interest expense was $55 million, an increase of approximately $6 million versus the prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $3.6 billion in the current quarter versus $3.1 billion in the prior year. The higher average of debt was due to the additional term-loan related to the AmSafe acquisition made this past February. The weighted average cash interest rate on total debt at the end of the current quarter is approximately 5.7%. Our effective tax rate was 35.5% in the current quarter compared to a low 31.3% in the prior year. For the year, our effective tax rate was 33.4% for fiscal 2012 compared to 33.6% for fiscal 2011. Net income from continuing operations for the quarter increased $24 million or 37% to $88 million, which is 19% of sales. This compares to net income from continuing operations of $64 million in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the growth in net sales and lower acquisition-related cost partially offset by higher interest expense and the higher effective tax rate. EBITDA as defined for the quarter increased $43 million or 25%. EBITDA as defined margin is 46.5% versus 50.1% in the prior year quarter. The dilutive impact of acquisition mix from Schneller, Harco and AmSafe were approximately three margin points. As mentioned earlier, we also experienced unfavorable OEMs to aftermarket mix versus the prior year quarter. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.63 per share in the current quarter compared to a $1.20 per share a year ago due to the items I just discussed. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.72 per share for the quarter, an increase of 19% compared to a $1.45 per share last year. The fourth quarter earnings per share was significantly impacted by our tax rate in the quarter, which I just mentioned. For the year our adjusted earnings per share is up 49%. As Nick mentioned earlier and so did Ray, we had a hectic but very good year, continuing to improve intrinsic shareholder value. Let me take a minute to quickly summarize the fiscal year on a GAAP basis. Net sales increased $495 million, or by 41%, to end our year at $1.7 billion. Acquisitions contributed approximately 70% of the increase in sales and organic growth was approximately 30% of this increase. Reported gross profit dollars increased 43% and was 55.6% of sales compared to 54.8% of sales for fiscal 2011. The negative impact of acquisition dilution was more than offset by lower purchase price amortization and lower acquisition integration costs plus continued improvement in our base business. Selling and administrative expenses were 11.9% of sales in fiscal 2012 is higher than 11.1% of sales in fiscal 2011 due primarily to higher selling and administrative expenses related to the recent acquisitions. Net interest expense increased to $27 million due to a full year of interest expense related to the acquisition of McKechnie and the addition of term loan related to the AmSafe acquisition in February of 2012. In addition, fiscal 2011 included $72 million of refinancing costs associated with the refinancing of our capital structure in the first quarter of fiscal 2011; that was unique to that fiscal year. AAP net income from continuing operations was $325 million or 19.1% of sales. EBITDA as defined was $809 million or about 48% of sales, up 37% from the prior year. Now let me switch to GAAP EPS from continuing operations. It was $5.97 per share compared to $2.80 per share a year ago, but on an adjusted basis, which primarily excludes the refinancing cost, acquisition-related cost, non-cash comp cost and dividend equivalent payments, earnings per share was $6.67 per share this year, up 49% from $4.48 per share a year ago. When comparing GAAP EPS from continuing ops of the $5.97 per share in the current year to adjusted net income of $6.67 per share, the difference of $0.70 is comprised of the following items; $0.06 is related to the dividend equivalent payment in quarter one; $0.27 for non-cash compensation expense; and $0.37 for acquisition-related expenses, including integration cost such as startup inventory purchase accounting adjustments and backlog amortization.
 : As mentioned we financed AmSafe with both cash and debt and we acquired Harco and Aero-Instrument from cash on the balance sheet. Excluding the AmSafe debt rebate, we used $368 million of cash from the balance sheet for these acquisitions. The Companys debt leverage ratio at September 2012 was approximately 4.4 times pro forma EBITDA on a gross basis, and 3.8 times on a net basis. Adjusting for the November dividend just paid; our gross debt-to-EBITDA leverage would have been 5.2 times and 4.7 times on a net basis. As we look forward to fiscal 2013, we estimate the midpoint of our GAAP EPS to be $5.66 and as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $6.76. As we disclosed on Slide 9 which was behind the press release this morning, the $1.10 in adjustments to bridge GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS includes the following items; $0.71 from the dividend equivalent payment versus $0.06 of this year, $0.34 from non-cash stock compensation expense, compared to $0.27 this year and $0.05 of carryforward activity for acquisition-related expenses from our reported acquisitions. Nick provided color on fiscal 2013 sales and EBITDA as defined. As a result of recent acquisition activity and the announced dividend, I am going to walk through the cost below EBITDA as defined and explain why adjusted net income per share increases 1% despite EBITDA, as defined, growing at 10%. Both growth percentages assume the midpoint of guidance. Depreciation and amortization excluding backlog amortization of $3 million is expected to total about $62 million next year. This is a 9% increase over FY12. Interest expense is forecasted to increase approximately 23% or almost $50 million for total interest payments of $260 million in FY13. The increase is due to the dividend financing of $700 million as well as a full year of interest related to the AmSafe financing. This large year-over-year interest expense directly impacts our earnings before tax. Our earnings before tax is $565 million or 5% greater than fiscal 2012. Our effective tax rate in FY13 is expected to increase to be between 34% and 35% compared to 33% in FY12. Our adjusted net income will be up 3% versus FY12. And finally, our weighted average shares outstanding will be approximately $54.5 million, compared to $53.9 million in FY12. This dilutive impact is almost an additional 1 percentage point. As a result of these items, our adjusted EPS of $6.76 is approximately 1% greater than FY2012. These assumptions do not include the impact of the anticipated UTC-Goodrich acquisition as mentioned earlier. Finally with regards to our liquidity and leverage, we expect to generate $450 million of cash, again excluding UTC-Goodrich and assuming no other acquisition activity, we expect gross debt leverage ratio to be below five times pro forma EBITDA and our net leverage ratio will be below four times our pro forma EBITDA Defined at September 30, 2013. With that let me hand it over to Liza.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. If you have further questions, please reenter yourself into the queue and we will answer those questions as time permits. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question from the line of David Strauss from UBS. Please go ahead.
David Strauss  UBS Securities, LLC: Good morning.
Gregory Rufus: Good morning, David.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning, David.
David Strauss  UBS Securities, LLC: Nick or Greg, just on the margin side, adjusted EBITDA margins sequentially were lower. The revenue number was pretty similar. The mix was pretty similar. Can you just talk about whats going on there? And then as we look to 2013, it sounds like you are assuming the same level of dilution related to the acquisitions, why one that decline and your mix overall is better. So just wondering why EBITDA margins wont improve a little bit more than what you are talking about in 2013?
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me try and stab at some of those questions, David, I dont know if I got them all. We did have some OEM to aftermarket or negative of the mix flow from quarter four compared to quarter three. And we have a little bit more R&D spending in the quarter, but my R&D spending as a percent of sales for the year was roughly flat. So thats more of a timing issue. So I think that answers that quarter. The impact of the acquisitions this year was only a partial year of the 3%. Next year well have all of the acquisitions for the full year and their margins are lower. So, even though the margin will improve they will still have a 2% impact.
Gregory Rufus:  Because the margins will get better if the hold time is longer.
W. Nicholas Howley:  Yeah, when youre holding to 12 months (inaudible) less months.
David Strauss  UBS Securities, LLC:  Right, but thats equivalent to the impact that we saw in Q3 and Q4, is right. I mean Im just talking kind of off of that level?
W. Nicholas Howley:  I dont know, thats a partial question, I thought I answered it why the impact is still 3% next year.
David Strauss  UBS Securities, LLC: Okay, okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: The margins in those businesses will improve though.
David Strauss  UBS Securities, LLC:  Okay, Ill take it offline and then in terms of on the interest expense, Greg, can you help just I can get to like 245 to 250, I am struggling to get to 260. I think you talked about you cash rate is like 5%, 7%, what is the actual rate that we should be using on the blended rate that we should be using on the debt. 
Gregory Rufus:  Well going forward, it will be less than that because the 500, we just raised, the coupon rate on the high yield was
Raymond F. Laubenthal:  The weighted was 5% on the new rate.
Gregory Rufus:  We have on the total was 5%, so that will lower our interest rate but well have four points and I will get mix of my dividend now. What would be my debt in $4.2 billion? 
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Yeah, like $4.3 billion around $4.3 billion
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean Im talking about cash interest, we also have the amortization in OID (inaudible) going to the GAAP rate base.
David Strauss  UBS Securities, LLC: Okay. Okay, and then last one on, Nick, on the aftermarket guidance by the 10%, is your pricing assumptions the same at the low end and the high end mean that?
W. Nicholas Howley:  Yes.
David Strauss  UBS Securities, LLC: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley:  Yes. David what youre seeing, I mean what youre seeing there is, we are unsettled with what its hard to look at the back-end of the year. I look at everybody elses sort of announcement on their aftermarket and not be unsettled. As you go into next year thats all youre seeing there.
David Strauss  UBS Securities, LLC: Okay. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from the line of Joe Nadol from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman  JPMorgan Securities, LLC: Hi, good morning guys. Its actually Seth on for Joe this morning. Well, I guess the first question I have was sort of how concerned you are about, whats going on in the aftermarket and I know that in 2008, youre relatively quick to take action when you thought that the market was turning against you and how you would compare what youre seeing now to then and what things you might or might not be considering doing?
W. Nicholas Howley:  Well, when I think I said, this is Nick, I think I said in part of my lead-in on fiscal year 2013, we are being very careful about our spending and adding employment, about hiring and the like. You know we have not made any decision that we need to go the other way promptly or do any restructuring at this point, but were watching it. I mean Ill say again it is hard to read the economic news, read the announcements from all the other aerospace people about the aftermarket, the general economy around the world, and not have some concern. Thats what youre seeing reflected there. I hope, we havent banded well enough. If you told me it was four, Id say I hope not. If you told me it was 11, Id say I hope so.
Seth Seifman  JPMorgan Securities, LLC: Okay, thanks. And just as a quick follow-up. On the commercial OE side, you talk about this year were looking at low single-digit growth and you mentioned in your comments concern about flattening in 2014, 2015 as some of the rate increases kind or I guess the rates flatten out and the rate increases are finished. And you talk about expecting 787 in the range of 75 to 80 aircraft. I think for 2013 and 2014, even though Boeing should be producing at a much higher rate by then. Have we kind of hit the growth rate and kind of are peeking out here in commercial OE?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we are pretty well distributed across the fleet, the Boeing and Airbus. So we gave you what our assumptions were, for 2013 and 2014. If you essentially think those assumptions are low, if you know dont think 11.40 is the right number, you think its 12.40, you can darn adjust our commercial transport business accordingly. Thats what we try to get and thats just a call. You can be as aggressive or conservative as you want, thats just a call. Thats what were using to come up with our numbers.
Seth Seifman  JPMorgan Securities, LLC:  Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays, please go ahead.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: Hey, good morning guys.
W. Nicholas Howley: Hey Carter, good morning.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: A couple of quick ones, one Nick, I wondered if you might expand very briefly on the comment you had around bookings. You said for the full year, on a full year basis, bookings were running roughly in line with shipments.
W. Nicholas Howley: Right
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: I thought I recall the last three quarters, they had been running a little bit ahead, did that implies to fourth quarter?
W. Nicholas Howley: You are correct. They ran a little under in the fourth quarter.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: Anyway, you can size that?
W. Nicholas Howley: You could probably figure it out. May be we can give you the numbers how much we had before.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: I mean Im not very good at addition but.
W. Nicholas Howley: Thats the problem. 
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: Im not sure if I have all the numbers. I mean would it be, is it 0.9 on a book-to-bill? Are we just a couple of percent shy or?
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean just a second and Ill let you the (inaudible) Yeah, anything I give you now is pro forma.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: Of course.
W. Nicholas Howley: Its probably on a same-store basis its a same kind of thing.
Gregory Rufus:  Yeah, its maybe 4%, 5% lower something like that. 
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: Okay, and there any trends in area?
W. Nicholas Howley: Just to be clear what I am talking about there, its essentially the book-to-bill, 0.96, 0.95. 
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC:  0.96 okay. Are you seeing anything if you look in the individual product lines buried in that number, are you seeing any particular areas of weakness or strength or is this pretty broad-based in that number?
W. Nicholas Howley: Its fairly broad-based. Surprisingly the product lines that I might have thought were most discretionary, arent seeing much different motion at least through the fourth quarter that the other ones are and its kind of spotty. We have a couple of things that tend to be the canary in the coal mines and they arent moving a lot yet, or at least now through the end of the fourth quarter. Well see what the next quarter brings? 
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: Okay, and just one point of clarification on just the planning and the cost side, are you back to sort of the first question and what we saw in late 08 early 09, you cut heads, you made a quick comment about employment, but can you be specific? Are you adding headcount or you holding it flat while getting the uncertainty?
W. Nicholas Howley: We caught it very, very carefully. 
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC:  So adding, but not much.
W. Nicholas Howley: Only if its, in other words were not going to be dumb and fall behind on the development program or something because we need another engineer or two, but I mean, it is very cautious and spotty. Our preference is not to be putting on any additional expenses right now because frankly, I dont know where well be 90 days from now or 180 days from now.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC: Okay. And lastly very quickly, the Hurricane Sandy impact you called out. Any chance you can size how much that might have been or is that too tough?
W. Nicholas Howley:  I cant and the reason I cant is because we have a business in North Jersey and a business in Connecticut and they lost, the one in New Jersey lost a fair amount of shipping days, wonder if that gets a little bit and I dont know. I mean, they may catch it all up. Its just where they catch it all up, but not (inaudible) quarter. I mean, its not a big number and it could be almost de minimis or it could be some recognizable number. But its not going to make a big impact, Carter, and whatever, its all work we have. It just slips into the next quarter.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital, PLC:  Okay. Thanks, guys.
W. Nicholas Howley: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ross D Cowley  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Its actually Ross Cowley standing in for Rob. Ive got a question on the organic growth in the way you calculate it. So Im assuming it includes some of the initial price increases at AmSafe. If thats the case, is it fair to imply that unit volumes were negative in Q4? 
Gregory Rufus: You mean against the prior Q4.
Ross D Cowley  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah.
Gregory Rufus: You mean in the commercial aftermarket?
Ross D Cowley  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. 
Gregory Rufus: Well, you have to draw your own conclusion. We dont disclose the pricing, but they surely werent very robust.
Ross D Cowley  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, yeah. Then just one follow-up, are you seeing anything from Boeing and Airbus with respect to them seeking royalties as they try and get more of the aftermarket stream?
Gregory Rufus: Say that again.
Ross D Cowley  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Are you seeing anything from Boeing and Airbus with respect to them looking for royalties?
Gregory Rufus: Yeah, they are asking all the time, not Airbus but the Boeing is a, Airbus is not, but Boeing is consistently pecking at it.
Ross D Cowley  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, perfect, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning everybody.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning.
Gregory Rufus: Good morning.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co.: With respect to the fiscal 2013 aftermarket growth guidance, can you see that the next two quarters are something like flat to up five and you logically think you might be in a low double-digits in the back half of the year or actually see that youre in that 5% to 10% range in the first half and then theres maybe upside if you get acceleration into the double digits in the back half of the year?
W. Nicholas Howley:  We cant see half the year out.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley: We cant see any more. Maybe we can see out into the first quarter, but I am reticent to comment on that. So we get the number, its only, its not done yet.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Gregory Rufus: But we can see, we cannot see six months out in the aftermarket, in the commercial aftermarket.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Can you
Gregory Rufus: And then by see I presume you mean, you got the bookings in your hand.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, I mean well
Gregory Rufus: Thats what I mean.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co.: And maybe going a little further based on conversations with the customer, I guess Im just trying to discern how back-end loaded you expect the year to be first and then secondarily?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think we gave you some guidance on the first quarter.
Gregory Rufus:  Yeah.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co.: I think if you look at our first quarter revenues in prior years against the total, I think youll see the first quarter tends to run, I want to say it tends to run something like 21.5%, 22% of the year and thats what we were, if you would go back and do the math, I was trying to point you back to the math without doing it so. And so its something like that maybe minus if we get a little slippage from this Hurricane Sandy delays which wont be a big number, but could be something.
Gregory Rufus: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: That gives you some feel at least.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then on the balance sheet and capital deployment, even though youve announced a few actions recently, they still dont really take the balance sheet leverage to levels youve talked about kind of wanting to be at on a run rate basis and certainly not levels that youve gone to before with even bigger actions. Can you maybe just talk about where that balance sheet comfort or desired level is now and how active do you think you can be this year on an M&A front, given what you see out there in the pipeline?
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say the M&A pipeline is okay. It was probably a little stronger three months ago, but I dont draw a whole lot from that. Its still decent. Its really very difficult to estimate close rates or whether well close something. On the capital structure what weve said is were typically going to be in the 4% to 6% kind of multiple of EBITDA range. When we get done doing this dividend, were up a hair over 5% and well draw that. We dont buy anything else, well draw that down to 4% or under and I would say what we well do is well reassess the situation and see what the economy looks like, see what the credit markets looks like, see what the M&A and well make a call.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks good morning.
Gregory Rufus: Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning, Myles.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: One quick one, first a clarification, I think you said $450 million cash generation in fiscal 2013, was that free cash or operating cash, Greg?
Gregory Rufus:  Total cash on the balance sheet? 
Raymond F. Laubenthal:  There would be an increase of that amount year-to-year?
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. So free cash.
W. Nicholas Howley: Myles, the other way to look at is I gave you a number about $900 million.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Yeah, were going to have $900 million of cash on our balance sheet at the end of the year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And sorry just to clarify that even more, so thats excluding the Goodrich transaction now?
Gregory Rufus: Thats correct. Thats excluding Goodrich.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great.
Gregory Rufus: We dont want to put it in until we finally on it.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah that makes sense. And then the other question I guess 1,140 was the number I think heard ex-787s for 2013 and 2014?
Gregory Rufus: Yes.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So what production rates are you assuming dont take place because thats where we are for 2012?
Gregory Rufus: Were assuming  well maybe we have a little difference there, but 1,140 is what were assuming. I mean I dont, as I kind of cant go down and tell you airframe by airframe, which one you may have and we dont.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Gregory Rufus: You can think of us, as Myles you can think of us as being pretty well spread across the platforms.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. 
Gregory Rufus: So if you think thats 5%, well, then maybe the answer is 5%, well
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I was just curious if theres anywhere
Gregory Rufus: You do get depending on your call on 2014 we may be a little more conservative than some people on sort of the assumption as it kind of flattens out in 2014. If you think that doesnt happen 2014 is going to drive the back half of our 2013.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. The last one for me is the Goodrich deal obviously its margin diluted pretty substantially versus other deals youve done in the past and just curious obviously its one that fits into the composition and clearly was on the market. Should we expect more of these type of deals, where theyll be certainly accretive to the EBITDA on a gross basis, but were just going to have to deal with the scarcity of EBITDA companies, where you exist or close to where you exist?
W. Nicholas Howley: I cant answer that, I just dont know. We bought AmSafe and McKechnie and they were more in the 25, 30 range. Sort of I cant draw any collusion from that other than thats what this will look like.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: We are fine by the way, we have no problem. Were buying the business and low EBITDA tends to ultimately mean youve probably got more upside.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, all right. Fair enough thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from the line of Ken Herbert from Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC: Hi, good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC: Hey, just a quick question on the commercial aftermarket. I mean over the last couple of years, weve seen some I guess much more volatility in the growth rates, whether it would be from surplus material impact, inventory levels, anything like that. As you look into 2013, would you characterize the situation we are in now where you expect a much more close outlook inline with capacity and passenger travel or are there any parts of your product line where you still see the potential for some volatility either because of some of the these extraneous factors?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well I think if the economy around the world slows down, as a result air travel slows down a little, I think you could well see some volatility. People get nervous, they start freezing up on what they buy. We tried our best to kind of a bracket what we thought it could run, but Ill say again what youre seeing reflected is no view on the lack of strength in our business, but an uncertainty about the economy.
Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC: So if things weaken you could see some select destocking I guess from some of your customers?
W. Nicholas Howley: Of course, if RPMs came in at 3% or 4%, which would be kind of weak and we only ended up at 5% in all likelihood you would have seen some destocking or deferrals just on the [north] of it..
Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC:  Yeah, yeah, okay. On the flip side, if RPMs come in at 5% to 6% would you, are there any areas you would identify as maybe inventory levels are a little low or there is deferrals that might lead to any sort of catch up as you look into fiscal 2013?
W. Nicholas Howley: I would just I think we gave you a range and Im very reticent to open that range up.
Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC: Okay. Now I can appreciate it. I mean, there is a lot of uncertainty out there obviously.
W. Nicholas Howley: But as I said to somebody elses question, if you told me it was 12%, Id say, hope so, that would be great. If you told me it was 3%, Id say, hope not.
Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC: Okay, no thats helpful. And if I could just
W. Nicholas Howley: May be that last comment which helped you.
Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC: Well, the comments in total have been helpful. But if I could just on the flip side on the defense market, I mean you clearly continue to see strengthen and taking a very rightfully so sort of cautious outlook. Are you seeing just any inflection point recently or anything in the change of thinking or is it really just, clearly youve got to be conservative in this business and everything would indicate that thats the right approach, but you continue to see pockets of strength there. Have you seen anything in the last quarter, the changes you are thinking or outlook at all?
W. Nicholas Howley: Only in the overall economic and political ambient. I mean, as I said our bookings ran ahead.
Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC: Yeah
W. Nicholas Howley: Of the shipments, which is were happy to have it. Were not exactly sure why, but were happy to have it and they are not sort of continue through the air. Its held up better than we expected. Im starting to feel like the broken clock. If I keep saying the same thing eventually Ill be right.
Ken Herbert  Imperial Capital, LLC: Well, youre right twice a day anyway. Okay. Hey, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna  Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes. Thank you. Just wanted to get back to Carters book-to-bill question, can you comment on any intra-quarter trend within that book-to-bill? Are we sort of stable now at this level do you think, or did things weaken through the quarter or even subsequent to the quarter?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I cant talk about the first quarter. I can just talk about the fourth quarter.
Gautam Khanna  Cowen and Company, LLC: Fair.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would tell you I view this is as a call on the economy. Thats whats concerning us. I would say depending on your view of what you think the economy is going to be like in the United States and generally around the world, ultimately that impacts RPMs and ultimately impacts what people try and defer. Thats the call. I would say, as I sit here today, I dont know that I see any of the macroeconomic news that makes me feel lot more confident.
Gautam Khanna  Cowen and Company, LLC: Could you maybe talk about the difference, because you do have better visibility in the distribution channel into what inventories are and the like? I mean is it just sort of matching underlying demand right now or?
W. Nicholas Howley: We dont think were very disconnected. We dont think were in total. We maybe a distributor here and there, but I mean theyre offset. In total we dont think were significant, were substantially disconnected on the inventory levels distribution.
Raymond F. Laubenthal:  I mean mostly what youre seeing is reflection of demand. Now you maybe, you never know exactly what the inventory levels are at airlines. In distributors we know exactly.
Gautam Khanna  Cowen and Company, LLC:  Right, okay, and then we think of your firm as you know being very, runs very lean, but I wondered if you just took a step back and we do have a more depressing kind of environment, macro environment next year. What kind of cost do you think you could take out fairly quickly, whats the (inaudible)?
W. Nicholas Howley:  Well take out what we have to take out in the downturn. We dont take the position that we have a fixed cost that we cant get down below. I mean if we think theres a 5% drop, well get 5% of the cost down.
Gautam Khanna  Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Operator:  Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Kevin Ciabattoni at KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Kevin Ciabattoni  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks good afternoon guys.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good afternoon.
Kevin Ciabattoni  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered. I realize youre probably somewhat limited in what you can say on this, but looking at the Goodrich acquisition, you guys are rightfully pretty cautious on defense looking out to next year. Im just wondering what was given the defense exposure within that business, what was kind of so compelling about that acquisition, given the defense and biz jet exposure there.
W. Nicholas Howley:  Well, its a let me start off, its a proprietary aerospace business with significant aftermarket content. So right away that puts all our antennas up, then it becomes a value proposition. When we layout the platforms and layout our estimates on the market and what we can do with it, we see a good return on the money we put in and it looks to us like it works. You will note as a dollar per equity or a price for a dollar revenue, its substantially lower price than we typically pay.
Kevin Ciabattoni  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Okay, Howley thats helpful. Any thoughts there on kind of how quickly you can get some margin expansion out of that business, when you bring it in house?
W. Nicholas Howley: Ill tell you again, we dont own it yet. We are not cleared through the regulatory process. We have a confidentiality agreement. Weve got what weve told you already, we have an agreement with the other party that we can say, and thats about all we can say.
Kevin Ciabattoni  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Okay, thats all I have.
W. Nicholas Howley: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Carter Leake of BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my question. Commercial OEM sales, do you have a sequential number on that as well?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, you mean next year?
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: No, no this quarter versus last quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley:  Okay, let me not give you the exact number, but I will tell you its up. So I wouldnt draw a lot of conclusion from a quarterly movement on OEM sales; that can be very dependent on just when a shipment happened to occur.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Ive got a same question on these are channel questions. So, on defense if I look at your full-year number it does look like sequentially that we were almost down 24%, maybe down 8% year-over-year. Do those numbers sync up with what?
W. Nicholas Howley: On what defense?
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: On defense yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley: No.
Gregory Rufus:  No, no.
W. Nicholas Howley: No.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: So how about, do you have a sequential number on defense?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah I dont want to start going through all these sequential numbers, but its not down.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Its not down. Okay, that helps. Id like to go back to the production rate. I dont really understand using sort of this sort of arbitrarily low assumption on production, unless you have some conviction non-787 that rates are going down and just adds an element of confusion. So what I would ask is to your low single-digit guidance on OE, is that driven more by the 75 to 80 787s or is that driven by this what appears to be sort of an arbitrarily low assumption on non-787 production?
Gregory Rufus:  Well, the low assumption probably is mostly maybe in 2014 and so how much youre going to level out in 2014 and how much is that going to reflect back on to 2013, thats probably the biggest.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah.
Gregory Rufus: If you think it continues to rise through 2014, youll get a better number and we may well be conservative on that, but our view in unsettled times is better to be conservative and size your business accordingly. I would say on the 787 not so much mostly because there is a fairly significant overhang there in inventory, which we see everybody I think there is a number of people reporting that, thats reflective of the fact that the development process took way longer than anybody expected and each time they taught it was concluded they gunned up the ordering motor and then took the foot off and gunned it up again, and took the foot off and you ended up with stuff all over the place. There is also, remember, there these one-time 787 settlements in last years number that we quantified through the year.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Gregory Rufus: So those you can get a beat on probably, you can figure out what those settlements were.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Right.
Gregory Rufus: I think the production rates, we gave you the numbers, so that you could make adjustments. 
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: What about the comment of concern over 2014, 2015 flattening, maybe you can clarify that, because if in fact this is a low number and were conservative and the 787 numbers you are quoting are well below sort of the 120 run rate once we clear out the overhang I would think that comment would be more along the lines of conservative on our production guidance, 2014, 2015 likely up or up significantly, right, on the 787s alone you would have that?
W. Nicholas Howley:  We gave you the assumptions. If you have another judgment on it clearly you can make it, youll get a different number.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Acquisitions, if you could help, if I look
W. Nicholas Howley: The only thing I would remind you to be careful at, and Ill just back up, if you remember in the beginning of last year we used 10% aftermarket guidance and frankly got a fair amount of comments that that was way too low. The reality is we and everybody else were lucky to crawl over to finish anywhere near that number.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Do we have about a quarter and a half that we should assume for AmSafe in 2013 just using the sort of acquisitions plug, if you will, as we 
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, we acquired them in February, February 15, so I think youre exactly a quarter and half.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah, all right and then last one, defense you were sort of remaining silent on sequestration and I appreciate the conservatism, but it would seem at this point that similar to what Collins did which said whether it would be sequestration or whether it would be a kick the can scenario, we are going to take our defense down 10%, 5% sequestration and then 5% core. Is there anything you can tell us lets forget sequestration and just speak about what you look at right now, it certainly seems to be best case to kick the can scenario. Is that included in your model say down or would there be a revision? 
Gregory Rufus: No, as I said, this does not include any substantive dislocation from sequestration. So if they ended up in some settlement that didnt impact the stuff that they buy from us, it has little impact. If there is some significant cut that impacts the things they do buy from us. It will have an impact, but our assumption is I think the words we used Im not looking at exactly were no significant disruption from sequestration.
Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question is from J. B. Groh of D.A. Davidson. Please proceed.
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. Just two quickies. Obviously, your after-market margins are much better than OE. Does that differ between commercial and defense or is that pretty consistent between defense after-market and defense OE and commercial after-market?
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say these are very rough kind of directional numbers, roughly the defense business isnt substantively differed in total in the commercial business, maybe a little less but not a lot less, but I would say the mix is a little different, commercial or defense OEMs probably a little better than commercial and the after-market is not quite as good.
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: When you add them up, you are not way off the same spot, though youre a little off.
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, good. Okay and then maybe a housekeeping one for Greg, obviously the $1.10 in adjustments going to be weighted towards the first quarter because of that dividend equivalent? 
Gregory Rufus: That will all be in the first quarter.
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Right, okay, good. Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Thanks for your question. Id now like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank you all again for participating on this mornings call. And again as a reminder, we expect to file our 10-K tomorrow. 
W. Nicholas Howley: Thanks everybody. 
Operator: Thank you for joining todays conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Howley  Chairman and CEO Greg Rufus  EVP and CFO Ray Laubenthal  President and COO Liza Sabol  IR
Analysts: Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank David Strauss  UBS Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse Joe Nadol  JPMorgan Rama Bondada  Royal Bank of Canada Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc Capital Markets J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter Three TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kelly, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Now I would like to turn the call over to Liza Sabol. Please proceed, Lisa.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank all for calling in today, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2012 third quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or through the SEC's website. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA. As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables related to footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA. As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning and thanks to everybody for calling in to hear about our company. Before I begin with the quarterly results, I would like to just talk about one tragic event that occurred in Q3. Al Rodriguez our Head of M&A, passed away suddenly at 51 years old. Al was a significant contributor to the company since the formation of TransDigm. We lost a business partner and a good friend here. But moving on, Bernie Iversen, another long term member of our senior management team, who has also been with us since the formation of the company has taken over the M&A position. Bernie has had a broad range of operating positions at TransDigm at a number of different locations. He was most recently a Group Vice President, a Group Executive Vice President in charge of a number of our operating units. Bernie has been involved with many of our acquisitions, which will facilitate a smooth transition in his role. Bernie hits the ground pretty well running here. Now with that behind me, I'd like to review our consistent strategy, our current sense of the status in the aerospace market, as it applies to us and a few miscellaneous items. To reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency, and in its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, and that these are highlighted on page 4 of the slides. About 90% of the net sales are generated by proprietary products and around three quarters of our net sales come from products, for which we are the sole source provider. About 60% of our revenue, and a much higher percentage of EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have starkly produced a higher gross margin, and have provided relative stability in the cyclical downturns. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, typically in the range of 50% of revenue, and relatively low capital expenditure requirements, typically less than 2% of the revenue, TransDigm has year in, year out, generated strong free cash flow. We pay close attention to our capital structure, and we view it as another means to create shareholder value. As you know, we have in the past and continue to be, willing to lever up when we either see good opportunities, or view our leverage as suboptimum for value creation. We typically begin to deleverage pretty quickly. Based on the credit markets, our near term cash needs, and potential near term acquisition candidates, we address our liquidity and capital structure regularly. We have a well proven value based operating strategy, focused around what we refer to as our three value drivers; new business development, continual cost improvement and value based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methodologies. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets, and allowed us to continuously improve and increase the intrinsic value of our businesses, while steadily investing in new business and platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace businesses, with significant aftermarket content. We have been able to acquire and improve proprietary aerospace businesses through all phases of the cycle. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a clear acquisition strategy, and close attention to our capital structure, we have been able to create intrinsic value for our investors for many years, through up and down markets. The just completed quarter was active, with some cleanup divestiture issues relating to the AmSafe acquisition, we now have agreements to sell two small non-core businesses, with 2011 EBITDA of about $3 million to $4 million in total. It appears at this time, that the market price is not sufficient for us to sell the AmSafe Ground Transportation business, to remind you that 2011 EBITDA was about $5 million from this business. We believe we can improve this business, and over the year or so, possibly remarket it. After about six months of ownership, we continue to be comfortable with our ability to increase the value of the core AmSafe Aerospace business, through a mix of all three of our usual value drivers. Again, I don't know that this business can achieve an EBITDA percent as high as the TransDigm average, we still see significant upside, at least as good as our acquisition assumptions. At 6/30, we had about $300 million in cash, about $300 million in undrawn revolver. We expect to generate over $100 million in additional cash, than the last quarter of fiscal year 2012. We also added additional capacity under our credit agreement. We estimated our gross debt to EBITDA ratio on a pro forma basis at 6/30 is about 4.5 times and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is about 4.1 times. As in the past, absent acquisitions or other capital market actions, we will continue to de-lever. We currently anticipate the fiscal year end leverage to be about 3.9 times on a net basis, assuming no additional actions. With respect to our underlying markets, the markets are a little bumpy, but in aggregate, at this time it still appears to support our full year guidance. The commercial markets are generally positive, the defense market, though less clear, is still holding up better than we originally expected, and roughly in line with our prior guidance In the commercial OEM market, industry forecasters and airframe manufacturers continue to be optimistic regarding the commercial transport OEM production cycle and backlog. Rate increases are proceeding in Airbus and Boeing and revenues continue to reflect that. The 787 schedule is still not quite clear and it won't materially impact fiscal year 2012. On a positive note, there now appears to be more predictability in the 787 airframe shipments. We will likely see a period of inventory sorting out before our 787 shipments track airframe shipments. In total, our full year commercial transport OEM business share revenues on a pro forma basis are expected to be up in the high-teen percent versus last year. In the commercial aftermarket, we continue to see growth in worldwide passenger traffic, though a bit spotty and somewhat muted. To remind you, last year our commercial aftermarket was up almost 25% on a year-over-year. This was not a sustainable level for growth rate. This quarter, on a pro forma basis, we saw an increase over both our prior year  fiscal year Q3 as well as sequentially versus the current year Q2. I will review these specifics later in this presentation. We are watching this carefully. The commercial aftermarket is a big bumpy and not consistent across our businesses and the revenue comps are tough in Q4. In the defense market, though there are still major uncertainties around defense spending, we now anticipate the defense revenues to be up modestly in fiscal year 2012. Despite the first three quarters being better than we anticipated, we remain cautious. As I mentioned regarding commercial aftermarket, the revenue comps are tough in Q4. Military revenue can be tough to predict, especially given the current US political wins and the worldwide geopolitical situation. Now let me turn to our latest financial performance. I will remind you this is the third quarter of fiscal year 2012. Our fiscal year started October 1, 2011. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, transient inventory fluctuations in the system, modest seasonality, and other factors. Our third quarter fiscal year '12 was another good quarter. GAAP revenues were up about 42% versus the prior year. Organic revenue growth is up about 10% on a quarter versus quarter basis and 14% on a year-to-date basis. Reviewing the revenues by market category and this is on a pro forma basis versus the prior year and much of this is on slide 5. And by pro forma, I mean, assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Again, these pro forma comps do include the two most recent acquisitions, Harco and AmSafe. In the commercial aftermarket  commercial markets, which now make up about  almost 80% of our current revenue, the commercial percent has been rising recently as a percent of our total business. In the OEM market, revenues were up about 16% versus the prior year Q3 and 24% on a year-to-date basis. Commercial transport OEM and business jet OEM revenue percentage growth both slowed a little in Q3. The picture was mixed by product lines, but the primary unfavorable factors included 787 overstock and finishing delays, minor 380 delay impacts, and some disruption from the Hawker bankruptcy. Excluding the impact of the retroactive contract settlements, the increase in our commercial OEM business is approximately 20% on a year-to-date business. Moving now to the commercial aftermarket, commercial aftermarket revenues were up about 6% on Q3 versus Q3 basis and about 10% on a year-to-date basis. The revenues were up modestly sequentially. Though the specifics are still unclear anecdotally, there still seems to be indications of inventory trimming and a generalized economic concern by many airlines. I can't at this time quantify this specifically. A few additional bits of color on the commercial aftermarket, the total commercial aftermarket bookings ran slightly ahead of revenues on a year-to-date basis and they are roughly even in the Q3. The business jet and GA aftermarket was down slightly in the third quarter versus the prior year third quarter. The commercial transport aftermarket revenue was up about 7% versus the prior Q3, but again was spotty across our operating units and product lines. To-date we have seen little, if any, 787 aftermarket orders or shipments. We are watching trends here very closely. The macroeconomic conditions are, of course, concerning. In the defense market, which now makes up a little over 20% of our current revenue, the defense picture again continues better than we expected. The revenues were up 7% on Q3 versus prior Q3 basis. On a year-to-date basis, they are up about 5%. Incoming orders are slightly ahead of the shipping rates on a year-to-date Q3. We will see how this plays out. As I said, the military picture is not  is clear and for obvious reasons we remain cautious. In total for the revenue  for the quarter, our revenues were a bit better than we expected. Moving to profitability and now on a reported basis, I am going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. The major as defined adjustments are made up of acquisitions and stock option expenses. Greg will review various other items on the income statement in his portion. For Q3, our EBITDA as defined of $217 million was up 34% versus the prior Q3, the EBITDA as defined margins 47% for the quarter versus the prior Q3 of 50%. The acquisition mix pulled the margin down by 4 margin points in the third quarter. The year-to-date EBITDA as defined margins is running about 48% of revenue. There are number of moving parts to complicate EBITDA margin a bit. So as I did last year just to help understand the year-to-date, I break it out little. The base business including the McKechnie in spite of a modest OEM aftermarket mix down is running at about 15% of revenue. The Schneller, Harco and AmSafe acquisition dilution pulls it down about 2.5% and we pick up about 0.5% from the various contract settlements and special items through the year. That totals about 48% of the revenue that comes to. With respect to M&A activity, as I said, we've closed two acquisitions year-to-date, AmSafe and Harco for about $840 million. We continue actively looking at opportunities. In the last 2 to 3 months, the pipeline seems to be picking up. We are seeing more activity than we did in the last 3 to 6 months. Closings were always difficult to predict. And I, as always, can't speak about any specifics, but we remain disciplined and focused on the buying strategy and clear value creation acquisition opportunities. I'll refer to the midpoint in the following and these numbers going forward here do not include any future acquisitions. Based on all the above, we have increased the midpoint of our EPS as adjusted guidance by $0.24 a share, that is from $6.40 a share to $6.64. This increase is just about half attributable to improve tax rate. We now expect TransDigm's revenues to be right around $1.7 billion or almost the same as the prior guidance. 2012 EBITDA as defined is now anticipated to be in the range of $806 million, thats up $6 million from our previous guidance. This is generally fine-tuning as we get closer to year end. On a full-year basis, the EBITDA [as defined] margin of 58% is roughly made up -- 48%. Back up, the full-year EBITDA margin of 48% is made up of the following. The base business, including McKechnie, again in spite of a modest OEM aftermarket mix down, should end somewhere around 51% and the Schneller, Harco and AmSafe full year dilution should be about 3% getting us to the 48. Compared with 2011, and again on a pro-forma basis, we're now planning on full-year commercial aerospace OEM revenues to be up in the high teen percent. For commercial aftermarket, on a pro-forma basis, we're planning on a full year revenue growth in the 8% to 10% range based on worldwide traffic up in the 4% to maybe 4.5% range. And also the recent softening in the bus jet GA market. This implies about a 7% Q4 versus Q4 growth to the midpoint of our guidance here. Obviously, the aftermarket trends we've seen reported around the industry can service. Our guidance assumes we don't see any significant additional economic softening in the next two to three months. For defense revenues, we are now planning year-over-year revenues to be up modestly. In summary, our third quarter continued strong, the markets are a bit tenuous but seeing in total to be supportive of our guidance. In any event I'm confident by focusing on our consistent strategy, we can continue to create intrinsic value in good and bad times. Now with that, let me hand this over to Ray Laubenthal, our COO, who will talk a little about some operating items in Q3 and little about some new business.
Ray Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. As he mentioned, in total we had a very busy third quarter with good operational results. We were quite busy with acquisition transitions in several divestitures. Operating units, we also continued to diligently work our value drivers and we continued to create shareholder value. Let me explain our third quarter acquisition integration and operational activities in a little more detail. Almost six months ago, we acquired the AmSafe businesses. Our acquisition transition work is progressing well and starting to generate real value. To-date, we have closed and absorbed the AmSafe corporate office into our own, we have consolidated four AmSafe satellite locations into several of the existing AmSafe locations and we have also restructured the AmSafe aftermarket process. These consolidation moves and pricing actions have started to expand the EBITDA margins and we believe we're running ahead of our value creation expectations for this acquisition. We are now implementing our proven product line structure at AmSafe. Each business now has several product lines. Our product line structure consists of a product line manager who is responsible for the product line, P&L and creating real value. Implementing this product line structure at acquisition takes a lot of work. In addition to the product line manager, we formed a product line team that's focused on our three value drivers, those being value pricing, productivity improvement, and managing profitable new business generation. We're also applying our proven set of product line metrics that are focused on tracking value creation process. Additionally, we are conducting specific product line training, ranging from negotiating customer contracts, implementing value pricing, driving productivity improvement and managing and financially modeling new business programs. At our other recent acquisitions, Schneller and Harco, those are also transitioning well. At Schneller, their Kent, Ohio building expansion is nearly complete. We are on track to consolidate their entire Florida facility into the Kent operations next months. This consolidation will eliminate many redundant operations, streamline production and improve their cost structure. At both, Schneller and Harco, the aftermarket process has been restructured, other cost reductions have been implemented and we also organized these two businesses into our product line structure. Now let me turn on discussion to our base operating units and their recent value generation activities. Overall, the base TransDigm operating units are performing well. They have diligently controlled their cost structures and have managed resources tightly. They also continue to execute our consistent value focus operating strategy. Our new business development has continued to be quite active during the past several years. We continue to invest in a broad range of engineered solutions for our customers and for this call, I'd like to give a summation of our new business content on the three newest commercial platforms; the Boeing 787, the A380 and the A350. And each of these programs we have increased our pro forma ship set dollar content substantially over the predecessor platforms. That is on a same-store basis, we have significantly more proprietary product dollars on each of these new platforms than we had on the platforms they are replacing. These are new business awards -- these new business awards not only secure new OEM production revenues, but they also secure our future aftermarket revenues. To give this a little color, I'd like to give some examples of our content on these new platforms. On the 787 program, we have increased our ship set dollar content by over 60% versus the predecessor platforms. In addition to wining a larger footprint of product applications, we have increased our dollar content as the aircraft's advanced design has increased many of the products scope and complexity. For example, we're now supplying a broad range of composite products which make the 787 lighter and safer. These products include composite fuel system isolators and hydraulic system isolators, which arrest the propagation of electrical energy during a lighting strike; the complex composite structural elements which reduce weight and improve aircraft fuel efficiency. And in addition to composites, we are supplying a broad range of latching mechanisms for both internal cabin and external engine (inaudible) applications. The cockpit communication system which is immigrated into the aircraft computer system, the ignition systems for those aircraft about half delivered with the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engine, the seatbelt variety which the new airbag technology incorporated to them for added safety and for luggage and cargo area restraint systems. On the A380 program, we have increased out ship set dollar content by over 90% versus the predecessor platforms. Similar to the Boeing 787, we've also increased our footprint and our dollar content as the aircraft's advanced design has increased the product application scope and complexity. For example, we are supplying the entire cockpit door module which includes the entire cockpit bulkhead, [separation] wall, the ballistic door and cockpit security system. The complex horizontal trim stabilizer valves and control systems along with the main engine lubrication system and components, a broad range of latching mechanisms and structured elements employed throughout the airframe and on the complex engine itself. On the engine, we're supplying the ignition system for those aircraft again about half outfitted with the Rolls Royce Trent-900 engine. And on the interior we are supplying decorative wall and bulkhead engineered laminates and the seat belts and seat belt airbag systems. On the A350 Program not all the application contracts have been awarded yet, but so far we've already increased our ship set dollar content versus the predecessor platforms and we expect this contract expansion to well exceed the predecessor once all this open contract bids are finalized. Similar to the 787 and the A380 with increase the foot print and dollar content is the aircraft advance design is increased the product applications scope and complexity. For example like the A380 was supplying the entire cockpit door module which includes the cockpit bulkhead, separation lock, ballistic door and the cockpit security system. We're also supplying a variety of engine valves, hydraulic systems valves, landing gear valves, water system and waste systems valves and a broad range of latching mechanisms and structural elements for both internal and external applications with many employed on the complex engine itself. We are supplying the ignition systems for those aircraft about half again outfitted with the Rolls Royce Trent XWB engine. And lastly we are bidding on a significant number of other product applications that we expect to be awarded as the A350 design work is completed. These new engineered solutions have increased our content on the next generation aircraft entering into service and this three major programs exemplify our advance technology our advance technical ability to develop value-driven solutions for our customers, it also demonstrates our continued commitment to invest in our product lines and to organically grow our OEM business and more importantly secure future feature aftermarket revenues. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus CFO, he'll review our third quarter and year-to-date financial results in more detail. Greg Rufus Thanks, Ray. I hope everyone had an opportunity to read our press release, which was issued this morning. Before we jump into the details let me remind you again that we acquired Schneller in the fourth quarter of fiscal '11, Harco in our first quarter of this year AmSafe in our second quarter of this year. The current quarter and comparisons to the prior year are significantly impacted by this recent acquisitions. Please references slide seven, for our quarterly financial results. Third quarter net sale was $462 million up $137 million or 42% from the prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions of Schneller, Harco, and AmSafe contributed approximately $106 million of additional sales versus the prior period. Or just over about three quarters of the increase in sales. In addition our organic growth was almost 10% greater from the prior year. All market channels contributed to this growth. $20 million came from commercial OEM and aftermarket and $10 million from defense which was evenly split between OEM and aftermarket. Our reported gross profit was $253 million or 55% of sales. The reported gross profit margin decrease by almost 1.5 percentage points versus the prior year. The dilutive impact of acquisition mix from Schneller, Harco, and AmSafe was approximately 2 margin points versus the prior year quarter, partially offsetting this was improved margins in a club business despite unfavorable OEM to aftermarket prior next experience this quarter. Our selling and administrative expenses were 12.2% of sales for the current quarter, compared to 9.7% in the prior year. The increase is primarily due to the following: We had a $3 million accrual reduction in quarter 3 of the prior year relating to an acquisition earn-out adjustment. Also we have higher run rates of selling and administrative expenses as the percentage sales from our recent acquisition and we have an increase in stock compensation expense versus the prior year quarter. Net interest expense was $55 million and increase was approximately $5 million versus the prior year quarter. This is our a result of the increase in weighted average total debt to $3.6 billion in the current quarter versus $3.1 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt is due to the additional term loan related to the AmSafe acquisition made in February of this year. But weighted average cash interest rates on total balance at the end of the current quarter is approximately 5.7%. Our effective tax rate was approximately 31% in the current quarter. The lower rate is due to the following: We had a settlement of an IRS audit for fiscals year '09 and fiscals year '10. And then we also made adjustments to the current year resulting from filing our FY '11 federal income tax return. We now effective tax rate to be between 33% and 34% for the full year. Net income from continuing operations for the quarter increased $32 million or 55% to $90 million which is approximately 20% of our sales. This compares to net income from continuing ops of $58 million in the prior year. The net income increase of 55% is greater than the increase in sales of 42% due to the following three items. We have leverage and lower interest expense as a percentage sales we have a lower effective income tax rate and these two items were positively off set our higher acquisition related in non cash compensation cost. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.58 in the current quarter compared to $1.10 per share a year ago due to the increase in net income from continuing operations we just discussed. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.88 per share an increase of 55% compared to $1.21 per share last year. The quarter adjustments to GAAP earnings per share was $0.20 per share the adjustments net of tax are acquisitions related expenses of $0.12 per share and non-cash compensation cost of the $0.08 per share. Cash flow from operations was strong at $238 million through the third quarter of fiscal 2012 despite using a little over $330 million of cash on the balance sheet to help partially fund the acquisition of Harco and AmSafe, we ended this quarter with over $300 million of cash on the balance sheet. Our net debt leverage ratio was 4.1 times our pro forma EBITDA as defined, we expect to continue to delever and we now project that our net leverage ratio will be approximately 3.9 times our pro forma EBITDA defined at the end this year September 30. Moving to guidance. We estimate the midpoint of our gap EPS to be $5.93, as Nick previously mentioned we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $6.64. The $0.71 to bridge GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS includes the falling items: $0.40 for acquisition related expenses, $0.25 cents to non- cash stock option expense and $0.06 cents from dividend equivalent payments. Now let me hand it over to Liza to kick off, Q and A session.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. Operator we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: Okay, thank you, Liza. (Operator Instructions) And the first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital: Hey, good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital: Two question one, Nick, I wondered if you might talk about the environment as we think about the set up here for your fiscal '13. It doesn't look like we've had a year like this during an up cycle where we've seen aftermarkets slows since sort of '05, '06. And you guys saw at that time a pretty good snapback in organic growth in the commercial aftermarket following that period. Are we setting up for something like this? Or do you think we are going to be in this sort of weak level next year, especially given the traffic numbers kind of coming in a little bit better than people would forecast all year long? I wondered if you might help us think about what you are thinking about 2013.
Nick Howley: One, Carter, as you know, I can't back into 2013 guidance yet. And our view on aftermarket gets you pretty close to the guidance for the year probably, but, I mean, the reality is, we are uncertain. I think this is primarily a function of worldwide economic activity. If you believe we're just in little bit of a dip or slowing down and it moves on sharply again, either as we proceed into the next quarter or after the election, I think you will likely see some kind of a snapback like you talked about. But that looks very uncertain to me right now, Carter. I don't have to call it. If I sit here today, I describe myself as quite cautious.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital: Can you see anything within the product lines? You said it was bumpy and different throughout the business. But if you look at products that are discretionary versus nondiscretionary, are you seeing weakness in discretionary items that would support that conclusion or is there any data on a more granular basis that helps you get comfortable with that kind of viewpoint?
Nick Howley: No. The true answer is, Carter, no. By the way, hopefully, all the answers are true, but I can say and frankly this somewhat surprised me. As I look at our more discretionary things, parts in the last month and we are in the middle of our business planning review process so we are looking at detail of all the product line. Surprisingly, they don't look down any more than average or I can't say they are systematically off more. It's kind of surprised me which I don't know what that tells me, other than I don't see a systematic pulling back on discretionary items, particularly at this point.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks. And one question quickly on the margin, Nick, you mentioned a 2.5 point impact from acquisition dilution and then Greg mentioned two. Is that just a difference between the quarter and the year and how you were talking about?
Nick Howley: There are two things. For the quarter, I am always talking EBITDA margins and Greg was talking gross profit. So for the quarter, the dilution was 4 points on EBITDA margin for the acquisitions. For the year-to-date, it was 2.5 points for the acquisition dilution. The Greg's 2 points was gross profit, Greg, am I correct? Not.
Greg Rufus: Not EBITDA because we also  the SG&A is higher because of the acquisitions also.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital: Yes, exactly. And so with respect to that, if you look specifically at the acquisitions, it will look sequentially the margins were similar, did they increase or was there something going on there in terms of your cost efforts, in terms of the relocation and what not that would cause that to be the case. Can you comment on how the acquisition margins trended quarter-to-quarter?
Nick Howley: I am not following the question. You're drawing some conclusion that they changed somehow from here?
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital: Yes. It looks per our math that the sequential margins  the margins would have been roughly flat sequentially for the acquired businesses. And I was wondering if that was actually the case per your numbers?
Nick Howley: The truth is I don't remember exactly what specifically the acquisitions were quarter-to-quarter, but I would be surprised if they were flat. Generally, they are moving up.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Nick Howley: But I can't remember, Carter, what they were the last quarter, but in general they are moving up.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital: But the G&A way down, is that the right G&A going forward?
Nick Howley: Yes. And I suspect somehow we are losing this in a quarter in rounding or something like that, I suspect.
Greg Rufus: They are smaller numbers versus the total, but the trend is that they are expanding.
Carter Copeland  Barclays Capital: Okay, great. I will let somebody else ask.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Nick Howley: Good morning, Myles.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank: It looks like the fourth quarter commercial OEM sales if I have done the math kind of right, it implies slowing up to mid-single-digit growth. And I know Nick you mentioned some of the 787 inventory, but I am curious if that math is right and are there other things driving it compares and/or 787?
Nick Howley: Well, what are you getting when you saw for the fourth quarter?
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank: Kind of mid-single-digit growth if it's 24% year-to-date and up high-teens for the year?
Nick Howley: Yes. I would have thought you get closer to 10% but yes it's a little bit slower. That I wouldn't  that is just reflective of what the timing is on different product lines. I mean, generally, we are primarily in the commercial OEM. If you look at the commercial transport production rates, we are pretty evenly distributed across the miles. We probably run, I don't know depending on the product line somewhere between 3 and 12 months ahead, so maybe 6 months. So any whatever you are saying is just quarterly impact.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Nick Howley: It's just a timing question on shipments. Now I would say sometime if things start to back up in '14 in the commercial transport growth rate, we will start to see that sometime in '13.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Those kind of the first part of the questions. So it looks like your implied aftermarket growth is about the same as your implied OEM growth, maybe it's slightly smaller in the fourth quarter, but it looks like that mix won't be hurting you as much in the fourth quarter. And presumably your acquisitions will be a little bit better in the fourth quarter. And I think the guidance doesn't imply much of an uptick in EBITDA margins as defined in the fourth quarter. So I was just wondering if I am missing anything or if it's just conservatism?
Nick Howley: I think probably the difference in those growth rates is probably too close to call and it's in the noise level in the quarter when you look at it over full year. I think we are trying to get pretty close to what we think now.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank: But that implied flat EBITDA margin as defined is about 47% in the fourth quarter versus 47% you did here in the third quarter, any reason that shouldn't be higher given higher volumes in another quarter of integration?
Nick Howley: I think you are in the  whether it could be 0.5 one way or the other, I think you are in  I think it's in the noise level.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And one other cleanup one, just a clarification I guess. You mentioned you had agreement on some divestitures of $3 million, $4 million in sales  a $3 million, $4 million in EBITDA, what the sales corresponding to that?
Nick Howley: Let me  I think we probably  we have confidentiality agreements on that. I think I had probably said about as much as I can say.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank: All right.
Nick Howley: But I think use the figure is around $3.5 million of EBITDA and you can probably figure they aren't the most profitable businesses in the world or we wouldn't be selling them.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank: Right, okay. For that, that's good enough. And then one last one sorry if the stock option comp expenses trending higher here and I know obviously the EBITDA is growing, but what's the underlying rate we should expect for that stock comp expense on a go forward basis?
Greg Rufus: I haven't gone through the '13 guidance yet, but the reason it's going up is the combination of these acquisitions and issuing options and we value among there is the BlackScholes. So just to kind of put in perspective, in 2010 they were going for about $20 or is valued at about $20 a share. In '11, it was $35 a share. And this year in terms of the price of the stock, it's between $40 and $44. But let me remind, as you know, it's a non-cash charge, it's based on expensing stock options.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank: All right. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from the line of David Strauss from UBS. Please go ahead.
David Strauss  UBS: Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning David.
David Strauss  UBS: Last quarter, you guys gave guidance I think AmSafe EBITDA contribution this year, around $50 million. If I take what you said this time in terms of 51% EBITDA margins for the base business, and then dilution by about 3% from the acquisitions, it would imply that AmSafe is running better than kind of that $50 million, can you give an update to that number?
Nick Howley: I don't remember what the  do we give this guidance?
Greg Rufus: That would be on a GAAP basis, David, and that will (inaudible).
Nick Howley: As I said, the AmSafe businesses will  let me put the ground face to face aside for a minute. It looked like there we were doing as well. If not, as I said, a little better than we expected when we bought it. These are more happy legs.
David Strauss  UBS: Nick, where is that upside specifically coming from, is it pricing, or what are the value drivers, where are you seeing the upside?
Nick Howley: All. They say new business isn't ticking in yet, but we are doing reasonably well in pricing and we are also getting costs out pretty aggressively. Greg, how many plants have we cost? Four plus the corporate office?
Greg Rufus: Yeah. We closed the corporate office plus four facilities.
Nick Howley: Which is a lot of movement in six months.
David Strauss  UBS: Have you been able to reprice the entire business or what percent of the AmSafe was under LPAs that you haven't been able to address?
Nick Howley: I don't remember, but we haven't, we are not done yet.
David Strauss  UBS: Then my last question. Nick, you talked about that the aftermarket is not consistent and across your businesses you are seeing different things at different businesses. Can you give some additional color there, which businesses are kind of outperforming expectations, and which are underperforming specifically on the aftermarket front?
Nick Howley: Just the point I would like to make on that. What I expected to see, and this is to Carter's question at the beginning, I expected when we looked at the details, we see a more discretionary stuff, which is the minority of our products would be dropping off much more than rest of them. I don't see any consistency across that. The discretionary stuff is not, it was not reacting substantially different than the non-discretionary, which just says to me, [Myles], we're just sort of in a -- above the uncertain market. That's the only conclusion I draw from that now.
David Strauss  UBS: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you for that question. The next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: So, on the same topic that you have addressed, both in David's question and Carter's question, I don't know, maybe this is a question for Ray actually, but are you seeing in any categories, anything that would explain any categories or parts, the different growth rates we have seen so far in the result season, from the engine guys, versus the airframe guys, on the aftermarket. Is there something going on in the distribution channel for certain types of parts that you are not seeing elsewhere? Is there a cannibalization effect from parts, aircrafts? Anything you can help us with here?
Ray Laubenthal: Well, I would echo what Nick said before. We are not seeing any kind of panic.
Nick Howley: I see geographically, though it's hard to get the data exactly every quarter, but we have a decent idea. Obviously, the European market is worse than the others. So presumptively items that were used more heavily in that area, or probably down more, but I can't put a number around that. But it's hard, as you know across the world, sort of the economic situation is slowing down a little bit.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Do you see much evidence of cannibalization from that aircraft?
Ray Laubenthal: No.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Then Nick, on M&A, you mentioned activity is up. Are you seeing more targets in the pipeline, or is it more about the bid-ask spread narrowing? What's driving that?
Nick Howley: As of right now Rob, we are seeing more in the pipeline.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: How is pricing?
Nick Howley: I can't say, because they have been close. The real answer is, I am not sure. But my guess is, if things close, won't close, the price is substantially different than they did, than they had over the last year. Surely, just from the outside looking and watching other deals that have closed, they have still closed at pretty healthy prices.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Then just a couple of quick things. You mentioned a fair amount of activity, moving product lines around, reducing the number of plants. Is that driving the higher CapEx we saw in the quarter?
Greg Rufus: In the quarter especially, Ray mentioned the Kent facility, Schneller, we moved it in (inaudible).
Ray Laubenthal: They are putting out a couple of (inaudible), about 10,000 square feet, and want more and more.
Nick Howley: They are a significant (inaudible).
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: So how should the fourth quarter look on CapEx?
Nick Howley: Do we give guidance for CapEx? Not regularly.
Greg Rufus: I mean, we are not going to be way off from where we typically are.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Means you go back to where you were?
Greg Rufus: I mean, you think of 1.5 to 2 for the year, and at the high end of that, you will probably be pretty safe.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Joe Nadol, JPMorgan.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning. On the defense side, another good quarter, and I think perhaps a few quarters ago, if someone had told you that your defense growth will be higher than your commercial aftermarket this quarter, you probably would have been a little surprised. So as you are looking for all that data in your process here, and you look business-by-business within the [sems], have you learned anything about why that continues to remain stronger than you would have expected?
Nick Howley: We kind of (inaudible) government spent more money than we expected. Our product lines are weighted towards helicopters and transports, and not so heavily towards Tigers and ground vehicles, we are really seeing a slower stuff, and they are just holding up better. They are continuing to buy parts and repair services at a rate more than we expected. But I am mostly focused around, I would say, probably helicopters first and the transport plane second.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Do you have a clear read-through in most of your businesses, as to whether it's aftermarket or OE that's driving it? I would imagine that's topical?
Nick Howley: Pretty clear. It sometimes gets a little more confused in the defense world than commercial, but generally pretty clear. I mean, the OEM rates don't change very quickly or very much and we know the (inaudible) content, so we can pretty well back in the production.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: It is really the aftermarket remaining a lot far.
Nick Howley: Absolutely.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Then just on some of the data you gave, Ray, I thought it was interesting on the platform-by-platform basis for the newer commercial platforms. Just a couple of questions on that. Those are pro forma numbers I imagine, including the say AmSafe and Schneller content on the legacy platforms?
Ray Laubenthal: Yeah, they are. I think I said in the script on a same store basis.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Clearly, listening to the lists, obviously it ran across all your businesses, platform by platform, but definitely it seems like a little heavy on some of the newer acquisitions, AmSafe and all of them. Schneller sounded like, if you had taken this measurement a year or two ago, would those increases have been as high or have you really targeted that via your acquisitions, is that a coincidence or not?
Nick Howley: In our prior year's Investor Days and so forth, we had given some of our -- an indication of how we were expanding our footprint. And really I didn't want to have the call go on for another half hour with me mentioning every product line. So we tried to pick kind of a cross section that wasn't heavy and either the new acquisitions are in the existing platforms, we just took a cross section. There's many, many other product point applications I just didn't mention. I was just trying to add color there. But we've -- prior to these most recent acquisitions, we had very good success expanding our footprint and these acquisitions are no different.
Ray Laubenthal: Yeah, I would say -- to answer the, is it systematically or is it just (inaudible), we picked up good stuff on the acquisition vital, I'd like to say the commercials -- I believe it could be true also. The commercial stuff we have bought in the last year and a half has been good fresh product lines and they've cap up and they've been companies with cap up with their products, which means that cap up with decent positions on the new platforms.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from the line of Rama Bondada from the Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Rama Bondada  Royal Bank of Canada: Thank you. Starting on the margin side, it looks like on the legacy business, you've been able to mostly offset the margin dilution from the mix shift over the last couple of quarters here. If aftermarket remains at the current growth levels and you have these Boeing and Airbus production rates go up, do you think you can hold that EBITDA margins of about 50% for your legacy businesses?
Nick Howley: Can you say that again? If the OEM continues to grow faster than the aftermarket?
Rama Bondada  Royal Bank of Canada: Yeah, can you hold for these margins?
Nick Howley: Well, you'll get -- we'll give out the guidance for next year when we give it out. But I would say it would -- I would be surprised if the difference in growth rates next year between the two was enough to materially impact our margins?
Rama Bondada  Royal Bank of Canada: Okay. And on the M&A side, now that the UTX and Goodrich deal is closed, it looks like there are some parts of Goodrich that UTX is looking to dispose of. Can you just comment on the potential there for TransDigm, whether it fits in your criteria [in terms of acquisitions?
Nick Howley:  (Inaudible) the companies that we call in all the time to see what they have -- to see what they're having to sell. We've been following that for six or seven months and we're hopeful we can see some things from (inaudible) there, but it's too soon to tell.
Rama Bondada  Royal Bank of Canada: Okay, all right. Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs: Good morning, everybody. A few part question on balance sheet utilization and capital deployment. So with the comments on the M&A pipeline picking up, I'm curious is there anything that's fairly late-stage there and it's just a matter of time to close or is it kind of just early in things popping their head up for the first time? Secondly, at the Investor Day we started to get the sense that you were looking at a special dividend again maybe, is that something that's kind of still relatively on the table or not? And then third part is, you talked about the net debt to EBITDA metric getting to 3:9 by the end of the year. I'm curious just what the current thinking is on how comfortable you are with that, whether or not that's floating with the suboptimal balance sheet that you referred to or not?
Nick Howley: Let me start. By the time I answer the first question, I probably would have forgotten the third, but I'll give it a try. On the acquisitions I would say we just don't comment -- we can't comment on that where they stand in the process (inaudible) we'll see what falls out. Sometimes things move fast, sometimes they all die and you end up with nothing. So I just -- I don't know how to handicap that now. What was the next question? Was the next question on the special dividend? I would say, as I've said in the past, you see our leverage drop down into the 3s, it's getting into the kill zone for us. I would think [absent] any acquisitions of significance or if we look ahead, we think we don't see any pending. If it gets down into that area, we probably very seriously considered doing something with our capital structure. Last winter, whenever -- November, December, we were almost in the throes of that and then this AmSafe came along and we -- and Harco together and so we had $850 million which is always our preference (inaudible). I mean we still believe that this is a company that should be leveraged. And letting the leverage drop down too low is not the way to optimize equity value. But it's a very fact and circumstance specific call.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. One follow-up on the aftermarket. Is the value-based pricing model not in any part of the business specifically, just broadly, is it even a little bit more difficult in a slower growth, generally tougher aftermarket environment or is it just still humming along as normal?
Nick Howley: I don't think it's substantially different. Obviously, you get more handwringing and (inaudible) mashing at people when the market's tough, but -- I mean the fundamental economics don't change.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just one last one for me. You [quoted] business jet and general aviation aftermarket growth was negative. Just curious what you think of that or what you're seeing or do you think that's strictly the comparison or do you think the business jet user and buyer is much more spooked now than they were three, six months ago, maybe tell us broadly what you're thinking about the business jet market?
Nick Howley: Yeah, first it's not a big number. It's down -- it's down modest (inaudible) volume steadily, so that was noteworthy to us. I suspect it's just part of the general economic concern and so [I think] little bit of a feeling in Malaysia right now, that's what I suspect that I don't know whether it's a one quarter phenomenon. If we see it for two or three quarters in a row, then we'll be getting a pretty good idea. In the general aviation, which isn't a huge part of our business with impacts of a little, that comes to be impacted by [add gas] prices and [add gas] prices are pretty high for those propeller operators. But that's not new for me, that's been a phenomenon for a little while. But my overall guess is, is that we're just -- this is just part of the general economic concern we're seeing across things. I'm sure everyone else is seeing across a lot of industrial businesses.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Yes, thank you. Just two...
Nick Howley: Speak up, we can't hear you.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Yes, two quick questions please. Just following up on Noah's question about leverage, given where we are on the cycle and from the choppiness in the aftermarkets, do you have a different level of comfort with the amount of leverage you might put on, so -- would you be reluctant to go to the 5, 5.5 or 6 times debt to EBITDA and want to keep it five times or under or do you have any criteria that you can share with us, given the changing landscape?
Nick Howley: Yeah, I don't think we'd share a number. I would say all things being equal if we feel uncertain about the economy, the number would probably be a little [low] and we felt very good about the economy. But I don't know -- I don't -- in the numbers kind of ranges you've been talking about, I don't think any of those would concern us.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Okay. And could you also just talk about in the incoming order rates in the aftermarket in the fourth quarter, have you seen any discernable change in pattern just in the month and a week we've had since the close of the quarter, have things deteriorated sequentially? Have they got stabilized sequentially? And is there any trend that you can draw?
Nick Howley: I can't really speak to that. I can't really to speak to that, this one.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Okay. Could you talk -- I mean when you think about the fourth quarter, is there -- are you looking for sequential aftermarket stability or you expecting that to rise a bit year-on-year?
Nick Howley: Well, I think we gave you the number. We expect the -- we gave you guidance for the year, of aftermarket of 8 to 10, so if you put the middle point 9 say, that would imply a 7% quarter-over-quarter growth from fourth quarter to fourth quarter.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Okay, so I see that here. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from the line of Carter Leake (BB&T Capital Markets).
Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets: Nick, let me follow-up on that. If I put in -- this is commercial aftermarket growth, if I put in the 8% to 10% number for sequential growth I get either down minus 4% or up 3%. Does that make sense to you?
Nick Howley: (Inaudible) math, I didn't do the sequential, I did the quarter-over-quarter. I just don't -- and it's math, you'd figure it out. It is what it is.
Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets: Well, I just wondered so could -- fourth quarter could we see a decline as much of -- as sort of 4%, that would hit an 8% full year number based on what we've gotten. Is that something that you could see and fourth quarter could be down that much?
Nick Howley: I think we gave you the ranges 8% to 10%. So whatever that works out to, that's what we think the [band] is.
Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets: All right. You won't be selling AmSafe. Was that in -- I assume that was not in any guidance, was it?
Nick Howley: AmSafe's what?
Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets: You had said you won't be selling AmSafe ground piece?
Nick Howley: It was included in our GAAP numbers.
Greg Rufus: It's always been
Nick Howley: It's always been in our GAAP numbers. The ground transportation business has always been in our numbers.
Greg Rufus: It's in our go-forward numbers and there's no cash -- no, we're not assuming any cash from the sale.
Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Moving to the platforms that you gave us, I appreciate the color. I just want to clear up a couple of things. When you speak about the aircraft and the engine content, you do single out Rolls. Perhaps I should know this but do you only have igniters on rolls power, is that?
Nick Howley: No we haven't made -- our igniter (inaudible) GE, basically there's two suppliers in igniters and ignition systems. Ourselves and Unison, GE owns Unison, so that we tend to get Rolls work, we tend to get the Pratt work and we tend GE, on new platforms they tend to get it. Now on historical platforms like the CFM56, that's a situation where we're dual-sourced. So we share the aftermarket, on the CFM56. And each GE engines gave us a little bit of different sweat between it.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: And then when you were signing these platforms you were signing large content increase for example A380 up 90%, versus I think it's sort of prior platforms, what would be the prior platform we'd be using a long.
Nick Howley: We make  when we do this, we track this from a  we start a program. On a program restructuring, we start investing in it. We make an estimate on what we think it will replace, so maybe with that when we might say, if it takes a job it will replace three quarters of a 747, and one quarter of a A338  340 or something like that. So we make some weighted index, and then we hold it consistent. In that way we calculate what our base chipset content is, weight it that way, and then we keep measuring it as we go forward. And now A380, there's a little bit of a disconnect there. Because you've got more seats, but even if you were  right the if you have 90% more content doesn't mean you have 90% more content per seat or per body in the plane. But even if you adjust for that, you're still I want to say if you just remember seats, I want to say, [Ray], you're still up 40% or something like that.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah.
Nick Howley: Did you follow what I mean there?
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah, well but I.
Nick Howley: If you take airplanes so everything was perfect, you had more dollars on it. And you can see in some of the literature, where people will plot the number of seats versus the range of the aircraft. And it's a scatter diagram of all the Boeing and Airbus aircraft. And we kind of look at that scatter diagram and we say, geez what airplanes -- predecessor airplanes are kind of plotted around that aircraft its replacing. And you can get quite academic on how you're going to weight them. But we  we basically put a stake in the ground, we kind of  try and measure consistently.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: And these numbers  787 up 60% versus whoever thought it would a be a 767 or whatever, is this volume you're telling us or you're telling us it's dollar-based.
Nick Howley: Dollars per aircraft.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Nick Howley: So they're selling one whatever  let's say it was 100% replacement on the 747, which it's not. Not a way, it's an index. You know we're saying if we have $100 on that we'll have a $190 on the 380 as it goes out.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: And then if I look at some of this content is there -- because some of the composites, it's nice but it doesn't seem I wouldn't think it would have as much aftermarket as say, igniters. Are you telling us these figures today to sort of speak to top-line growth, because this is attractive to that end but it also could have some dilutive impact in here?
Nick Howley: I wouldn't draw any conclusion on that.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Nick Howley: We don't see any reason that the mix  that the mix of parts that we  the way we look at is if  we think the mix of parts that are going on a platform and we sort of run it out for  sort of a mature point when there's a reasonable aftermarket we want to be sure that we still got 50% EBITDAs and more. We don't see anything significantly different here.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: That's okay.
Nick Howley: Okay, so we  we didn't as Ray said, we didn't go through everything, we tried to kind of highlight the stuff we thought was a little different and we hadn't talked about before. You know if we have 40,000 ER system, he didn't get through all the 14 valves and that sort of thing.
Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, the next question we have comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, good afternoon, guys thanks for taking the question. Nick, I guess you know, with your defense exposure, you're clearly not as exposed as some of the other players in the space, but how are you guys going to handle, the impact of sequestration when you give your year '13 outlook?
Nick Howley: You'll just have to wait till we give the '13 outlook. I  we're going to collect data and we'll make our best guess when we get there. I mean you know, we our shifts, we know what shifts we're on we know what the aftermarket demand is by different platforms, we'll keep gathering information and we'll do the best we can when we get there. If is -- truth is I don't know.
Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Fair enough, and then most of mine have been answered just if I look at  your passenger traffic growth assumptions for the year 4.5% I think the recent data implies IDA saying we're annualizing at 2% growth. Should we look at that correlation, you're 4.5% this year that aligns with your midpoint on aftermarket essentially 9%, is that a good multiplier to use, if we're assuming growth next year, might be 3% to 4%, can we use that as a good proxy for your expected effort?
Nick Howley: I don't know.
Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc Capital Markets: You don't know?
Nick Howley: I don't know. I think I said 4% and 4.50% by the way. In the range of 4% to 4.50%. I don't have a good feel for that.
Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, perfect, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from the line of J. B. Groh from D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Hey, guys thanks for taking my call. I think you pretty much addressed, how you're looking at channel inventory and that kind of thing. But is there  different product lines, we can sort of look through the list, it's pretty diverse of  some products that are  more heavily inventoried than other and maybe more subject to  some drawdown, if perhaps there was a lower capacity may have some growth next year.
Nick Howley: Yes, the answer is yes, there are  as I sit here I don't think I can come up with a list for you. The ones that go through distribution probably are a little more risk, because they have two levels of inventory. You know, you've got distribution level and an airline level. But I don't have a good sense of how much that is. 
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: So when we think about that  what percentage of your product go through distribution and what -- how much is what percent is for direct?
Nick Howley: I want to say, if you take the commercial aftermarket something a little under half I think goes to distribution.
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, that's helpful.
Nick Howley: But, even that  depending on the product they have different stocking requirements, you know, some have very low stocking requirements, some have longer ones, depending on lead times and thing like that. But as a general rule that's probably a little more susceptible to fluctuation than the ones that aren't.
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great, okay. And did I miss the backlog number, or is that just show up in the Q?
Greg Rufus: We show it just in the K.
Ray Laubenthal: In the K, yeah. 
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay ,thank you. Maybe it just show up in the Q or just the K.
Greg Rufus: Q.
Nick Howley: Q, okay.
J. B. Groh  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: As we have no more questions in the queue?
Liza Sabol: No. Thank you. I would like to thank you all for participating in this morning's call, and we expect to file our third quarter 10Q tomorrow.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-05-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liza Sabol W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Julie Yates - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division R. Rama Bondada - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc., Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division F. Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2012 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Colby, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today, and welcome you to TransDigm's Fiscal 2012 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next 2 weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or through the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning, and thanks for calling in to hear about our company again. I'd like to start with some comments about our consistent strategy, the acquisition of AmSafe, our current sense of the status of the aerospace market as it applies to our business and a few miscellaneous items. To reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, and you can look at Page 4 of the slides, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products, and around 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we are the sole source provider. About 60% of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability in the downturns. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, typically about 50% of revenues and relatively low capital expenditure requirements, typically less than 2% of revenue, TransDigm's year in, year out generated very strong free cash flow. We pay close attention to our capital structure and view it as another means to create shareholder value. As you know, we have in the past and continue to be willing to lever up when we either see good opportunities or view our leverage as sub-optimum for value creation. We typically begin to delever pretty quickly. We have a well-proven, value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our 3 value drivers: new business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methods. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets and has allowed us to continually improve and increase the intrinsic value of our business while steadily investing in new business and platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We've been able to acquire and improve proprietary aerospace businesses through all phases in the cycle. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a very clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital structure, we have been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years through up and down markets. The just-completed quarter was active. We closed on the AmSafe acquisition for $750 million. To remind you, the AmSafe price includes tax benefits over the next 10 years to TransDigm in the range of $70 million on a net present value basis. The tax benefits are front-end weighted with about $20 million of them accruing to us in the first fiscal year of ownership. AmSafe is a good, solid proprietary aerospace business. It did about $260 million a year in calendar year 2011 with an EBITDA margin of about 25%. In the 7.5 months of our fiscal year 2012 ownership, we expect AmSafe to do about $175 million of revenue and about $50 million of EBITDA As Defined. The commercial aerospace margins are higher than the average, and the ground vehicle margins are substantially lower. About 90% of its EBITDA comes from commercial aerospace and military markets, of which the vast majority is commercial aerospace. We find the low military content, about 10% of the revenue, and very high commercial aerospace aftermarket content particularly attractive. Excluding the commercial ground vehicle business, about 85% of the revenues are aftermarket, primarily commercial transport aftermarket. The major AmSafe product lines are seatbelts and airbags for commercial aircraft, primarily commercial transport. They are qualified, usually exclusively, on all major commercial transport and regional aircraft. After 2.5 months of ownership, we are very comfortable with our ability to increase the value through a mix of all 3 of our value drivers. Though I don't know that this business can achieve EBITDA percent as highest as TransDigm average, we see significant upside at least as good as our acquisition case assumptions. We financed the acquisition with $500 million of incremental bank debt and from our cash on hand. The interest rate is LIBOR plus 3% with a 1% LIBOR floor, or 4% as of today. We also increased our revolver availability to $310 million as part of the process. We have now included AmSafe in our updated full year guidance. At 3/31/12, we had about $200 million in cash and over $300 million in undrawn revolver. We also, on average, expect to generate between $90 million and $100 million a quarter in additional cash for the last 2 quarters of fiscal year 2012. We have additional borrowing capacity under our credit agreement. We estimate our gross debt-to-EBITDA ratio on a pro forma basis at 3/31 reflecting the AmSafe acquisition as about 4.7x EBITDA. Our net debt to EBITDA is about 4.4. As in the past, absent acquisitions or other capital market activities, we will soon delever. Changing subjects a little, you may have seen we recently prevailed in the litigation against Eaton Corporation regarding improper retention and possible use of our intellectual property and nonpayment of certain aftermarket-related obligations. Just to make clear, we have here and will continue to vigorously protect our intellectual property. We have not included the litigation award in any of our guidance as we are unsure if or how much of it may be appealed, how we will fare on fee recovery issues and a number of miscellaneous peripherals. We also settled 2 retroactive contract adjustments with key customers for a total of about $11 million. These have been booked about evenly in Q1 and Q2 as revenue and income. Now with respect to our underlying markets and on a pro forma basis, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods, the markets are a little bumpy, but generally on track. We see continuing signs of strong commercial aftermarket. The defense aftermarket, though less clear, is so far holding up better that we outlined in our prior guidance. Focusing a little bit on the different market segments. In the Commercial OEM, industry forecasters and airframe manufacturers continue to be optimistic regarding the commercial transport OEM production cycles. Rate increases are proceeding at both Airbus and Boeing. The 787 schedule is still unclear, but that won't materially impact fiscal year 2012. On a positive note, at least now there are some 787 airframe shipments. In total, our full year commercial transport OEM revenues on a pro forma basis are now expected to be up in the high teen percents versus the prior year. In business jets, though the outlook is mixed by airframe manufacturer, we expect mid to high-teen percent growth year-over-year. In the commercial aftermarket, we continue to see growth in worldwide passenger traffic, though not as high as last year's growth. To remind you, last year, our commercial aftermarket was up almost 25% on a year-over-year basis. This was likely not a sustainable level. This quarter, we saw modest increases over our prior Q2 in our commercial aftermarket revenue. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket revenues were about flat versus Q1 this year. On a positive note, incoming orders or bookings picked up nicely and are now running above our shipment levels on both a year-to-date basis and a prior Q2 basis, as well as sequentially. As I've said before, bookings can be lumpy. We are still guiding pro forma commercial aftermarket revenues to be up about 10% versus last year. We are watching this carefully. The revenue comps, I'll remind everybody, get tougher in the second half of the year. In the defense business, though there are still major uncertainties around defense spending, we now anticipate defense revenues to be flat to modestly up in fiscal year 2012. Though Q1 and Q2 were better than anticipated, we remain cautious. As I mentioned before regarding the commercial aftermarket, the defense comps also get tougher in the second half of the year. Military revenues are tough to predict, especially given the current U.S. political wins and the worldwide geopolitical situation. Now let me turn to the latest financial performance. I'll remind you this is the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. Our fiscal year started October 1, 2011. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in OEM aftermarket mix, large orders and transient inventory fluctuations in the system, modest seasonality and other factors. But the second quarter of fiscal year '12 was a good quarter. GAAP revenues were up about 39% versus the prior Q2. Organic revenues were up about 15% on a quarter versus prior quarter basis. Reviewing the revenues by market category, again on a pro forma basis versus the prior year, and you can see this on Slide 5, this is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both quarters. I will note that these pro forma comps do not include the 2 most recent acquisitions, that's Harco and AmSafe, as we're still syncing their market reporting up with TransDigm's. In the commercial market, which makes up about 75% of our revenue, Commercial OEM revenues, as I said, were up 36% versus the prior Q2 and 28% on a year-to-date basis. Commercial transport OEM and biz jet OEM revenue growth were about in the same range. Excluding the impact of the retroactive contract settlements, the increase in revenues was a little over 20% on a year-to-date basis in the Commercial OEM sector. In the commercial aftermarket, revenue was up about 7% on a Q2 versus Q2 basis and about 13% on a year-to-date basis. Though the specifics are unclear, anecdotally, there seems to be indication of some inventory trimming at certain airlines and a generalized economic concern by European airlines. I can't at this time quantify this much further. As I mentioned, bookings are now running ahead of shipments on a year-to-date basis. We are watching trends here very closely, and we'll update you as we proceed through the year. But so far, the commercial aftermarket is about what we expected. In the defense markets, which make up about 25% of our revenue, the defense picture was again better than we expected. As an aside, I should probably stop forecasting this before I embarrass myself further but on the other hand, I have to say something. The revenues were up 10% on a Q2 versus prior Q2 basis. On a year-to-date basis, we're up about 3.5% versus the prior year, the full year average run rate. Incoming orders ran ahead of shipping again in Q2. We'll see how this plays out. As I've said, the military picture is not clear. For obvious reasons, we remain cautious. In total for the quarter, our revenues were a bit better than we expected. Moving to profitability and on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The major As Defined adjustments are made up of acquisition and stock option expenses, Greg will review various other items on the income statement also. For Q2, our EBITDA As Defined of $203 million was up 39% versus the prior year Q2 As Defined or EBITDA As Defined. The EBITDA As Defined margin is 48% for the quarter, the same as the prior year Q2. The year-to-date EBITDA As Defined margin is roughly 49% of revenue. Now there are a number of moving parts that complicate the EBITDA margin event, and let me try and clarify that a little bit, at least on a year-to-date basis. If you break out the EBITDA margins a little more finely, if you take the base business including McKechnie, our EBITDA revenues, again EBITDA As Defined, was about 50% of revenue. This is in spite of an OEM aftermarket mix down. The Schneller, Harco and AmSafe acquisitions combined diluted the EBITDA margin about 2% or 2% down, and the impact of the 2 retroactive contract settlements moved the EBITDA margin up about 1%. And I think that comes to the 49%. With respect to M&A activity, as I said we closed one acquisition in Q2 2012, that is AmSafe, for about $750 million. We continue looking at opportunities. Al's been pretty busy working the AmSafe deal and various follow-on items, and the pipeline's a little light at the moment. Closings, on the other hand, are always very difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on our clear value-creation opportunity and strategy here. Now regarding the fiscal year '12 guidance, and this is on Slide 6. There are also a number of moving pieces increase affecting our guidance. The operations performed well in Q2 in the first half. The OEM aftermarket mix is continuing to run against this a little. The AmSafe acquisition is closed, and we have now resolved these $11 million in contract settlements. I'll refer to the midpoints and all the following numbers. Again, the numbers now include AmSafe, but there's no additional acquisitions or settlements included in these. Based on all of the above, we have increased the midpoint of our EPS as-adjusted guidance by $0.57 a share from $5.83 to $6.40. Almost 2/3 of the increase is attributable to the AmSafe acquisition net of the incremental interest. We now expect TD's revenues to be about $1.68 billion or up $194 million from our prior guidance. The vast majority is due to the AmSafe acquisition with the balance split between contract settlement, improved Commercial OEM revenues and some slight improvement in defense. The 2012 EBITDA As Defined is now anticipated to be about $800 million, up $67 million from our previous guidance. Almost 3/4 of this increase comes from the AmSafe acquisition. On a full year basis, the EBITDA As Defined margin of 48% is roughly made up as follows. The base business, again including McKechnie, should run about 51% of revenues for the full year, and it continues to move up. Again, this is in spite of the mix down drag. Schneller, Harco and AmSafe full year dilution is about 3.5% down on the margin, and the impact of the 2 Boeing contract settlements is about 0.5%, up on a full year basis, and that should settle you to the 48%. Compared to 2012 and on a pro forma basis, we are now planning on full year commercial aerospace OEM revenues to be up in the high-teen percents. For commercial aerospace aftermarket on a pro forma basis, we are still planning on full year revenue growth at about 10% based on a worldwide traffic up 4% to 5% year-over-year. We'll keep watching this closely and adjust as required as the year proceeds. For defense revenues, on the same basis, we are now planning year-over-year revenues to be flat to modestly up. Again, I think I should probably give up handicapping this, but there I go. In summary, the first quarter was a good start to the year, and Q2 continued that. The market seemed to be roughly on track but in any event, I'm confident that by focusing on our consistent strategy, we could continue to create intrinsic value in good and bad times. Now let me hand it over to Ray Laubenthal, our COO, who will discuss a few operating items from the quarter.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. We had a busy second quarter and a good first half. We continued our consistent disciplined approach to value creation with our recent acquisition in our existing businesses. We started the quarter with a sprint by AmSafe. This was a good example of how we can move quickly. In December, we became aware of the potential sale of AmSafe. We immediately attended the management meeting and assembled a due diligence team. And in a short period, we visited their major operating sites in Phoenix, Elkhart, Anaheim, Erie, Bridport in the U.K., Kunshan in China and Sri Lanka. We conducted due diligence on their major customers and determined the strength of their proprietary products. The resulting data from our due diligence confirmed our originally assessment that AmSafe was a good fit with TransDigm and on February 15, we closed the deal. Again, this was a good example of our consistent acquisition strategy and of how we can move quickly and efficiently when a potential acquisition meets our stringent criteria. Once we took ownership of AmSafe, we immediately launched our disciplined value-equation process. To date, in less than 90 days, we've restructured the AmSafe spares pricing, initiated several plant consolidation and tightened up the cost structure with significant headcount reduction. We're now working to organize this business into our proven product line operational structure. Overall, the transition activities are progressing well. On our other recent acquisitions, Schneller and Harco, they're also progressing well. Schneller's Kent, Ohio building expansion is well underway, and we're on track to close their Florida facility and consolidate it with the Kent operations next quarter. We have installed a new President at Schneller, and we have moved our experienced Sales and Marketing Director from our Avtech Tyee Group to be the Director of Sales and Marketing at Schneller. At both Schneller and Harco, the pricing has been restructured and cost reductions have been implemented. In addition to these actions, we've reorganized these 2 businesses into our product line structure. Each product line has a Product Line Manager responsible for the product line P&L along with the underlying pricing, new business generation and productivity improvement. Now I'd like to switch gears and talk about our senior management team. These acquisitions resulted in a significant number of management promotions. Our continual emphasis on succession planning and talent development paid off well for us. We were able to populate most of the key management positions with internal candidates. These proven candidates are steeped in our value-focused culture and value-creation processes. In Q1, we promoted Jim Skulina to Executive VP. Jim has been with us since 1994, performing well in a broad range of assignments ranging from Division Controller, Director of Manufacturing, Corporate Controller and President of Aero Fluid Products. Jim has led numerous acquisition consolidation and has fostered significant value creation during all of his assignments with TransDigm. In his current EVP role, Jim will have oversight of a number of our existing businesses. In the second quarter after our acquisition of AmSafe, we promoted Pete Palmer to Executive Vice President. Pete started with TransDigm in 1999 as a Product Line Manager at our AdelWiggins unit. He then became the Director of Sales and Marketing there. He later moved to our corporate offices as Director of Mergers and Acquisitions. After we purchased CDA, Pete became the Operating Unit President there. He then moved on to become president of our CEF unit. And he has spent the last few years as President of our AdelWiggins unit. In his current Executive Vice President role, Pete will have a number of operating units reporting to him. To replace Jim and Pete, we promoted 2 internal candidates to fill in as President at Aero Fluid Products and then at AdelWiggins. Both of these new Presidents held a variety of managerial positions creating value at TransDigm, and their replacements were also promoted from internal positions are Product Line Manager and Manufacturing Manager. We believe the availability of promotable internal talent and our consistent succession development process effectively complements our disciplined value-creation methods and is a key to our ability to regularly acquire and integrate new businesses. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus, our CFO, who will review our second quarter financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray, and good morning to everyone. I hope everyone had an opportunity to read our press release, which was issued this morning. In typical TransDigm fashion, the current quarter in comparison to the prior year are significantly impacted by recent acquisitions and financing activities. Let me remind you that we acquired Schneller in the fourth quarter in September or August of 2011, Harco in December in the first quarter of fiscal year '12 and AmSafe in February in our second quarter just closed. In addition, we financed the AmSafe acquisition with a new $500 million term loan, and we used $250 million of cash during the quarter to complete it. Before I begin, please reference Slide 7 for our quarterly financial results. Our second quarter net sales were $423.5 million, up $119.2 million or 39.2% from the prior year. There are 2 significant explanations for this large increase. The first is the collective impact of the acquisitions of Schneller, Harco and AmSafe. These acquisitions contributed $73.8 million of additional sales versus the prior period or almost 2/3 of the increase in sales. Not to be overshadowed by the impact of our recent acquisitions, our organic growth was 14.9% greater than the prior year. All market channels contributed to this growth as follows: $30.5 million from Commercial OEM, and this included the retroactive contract adjustment of approximately $6 million; $6.4 million from the commercial aftermarket sales; and $8.5 million from defense sales, driven primarily by OEM shipments. Reported gross profit was $236 million or 55.7% of sales. The reported gross profit margin increased by approximately 4 percentage points versus the prior year. Collectively, our gross profit percentage on our core business increased by approximately 2 margin points due to the following: the strength of our proprietary products and continued productivity improvements, along with positive leverage in our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume; the favorable retroactive contract adjustment mentioned earlier contributed just over 0.5 margin point at the gross profit line; and partially offsetting these favorable items was unfavorable OEMs aftermarket product mix. In addition, the decrease of purchase accounting items and acquisition integration costs as a percent of sales increased the gross profit percentage by 3 margin points. This is primarily due to decreased inventory step-ups and related start-up costs associated with the McKechnie acquisition in the prior year. These net increases were partially offset by the dilutive impact of Schneller, Harco and AmSafe by approximately 1 margin point at the gross profit line. Our selling and administrative expenses were 11.7% of sales for the current quarter compared to 10.9% for the prior year. The increase is primarily due to a higher run rate of selling and administrative expenses as a percent of sales from recent acquisitions. This run rate will continue to increase in the second half, but typically improves over time under TransDigm ownership. Amortization of intangibles was $2.1 million lower versus the prior year due to backlog related to McKechnie and Talley becoming fully amortized in quarter one of 2012. This drop off more than offset additional amortization from the recent acquisitions of Schneller, Harco and AmSafe. Net interest expense was $52.3 million, a decrease of $1.8 million versus the prior year quarter. This decrease was primarily caused by a decrease in the total weighted average interest rate on total borrowings at the end of the quarter to 6.2% compared to 6.9% for the second quarter last year. The impact of the lower interest rate was partially offset by an increase in weighted average total debt to $3.39 billion in the current quarter versus $3.15 billion in the prior year. The increase in weighted average debt was due to the additional term loan related to the AmSafe acquisition in February of this year. Our effective tax rate was approximately 35% for the current quarter, and we still expect our effective tax rate to be between 34% and 35% for the full year. We expect our cash taxes to be about $100 million for the full year. Net income from continuing operations for the quarter increased $44.9 million or 122.2% to $81.6 million, which is 19.3% of sales. This compares to net income from continuing operations of $36.7 million in the prior year. Income from continuing operations increased by a significantly higher percentage versus the prior year than our overall increase in sales of 39.2% due to the lower acquisition-related costs and lower amortized -- amortization of intangible assets versus the prior quarter; leverage on our lower interest expense, which declined by 3.4% versus the prior quarter; and the lower effective income tax rate versus the prior year. Net income from discontinued operations in the comparable quarter a year ago was $19.1 million or $0.35 per share. This was related to the McKechnie fastener and distribution businesses that were sold in 2011. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.51 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.69 per share a year ago due to the increase in the net income from continuing operations that I just discussed. The adjusted earnings per share was $1.65 per share, an increase of 72% compared to $0.96 per share. This percentage increase is higher than our sales increase of 39% due primarily from leverage on the lower interest expense this quarter versus the prior year. The quarter adjustments to GAAP earnings per share were $0.14 per share. The adjustments net of tax are: acquisition-related expenses of $0.08 per share and noncash compensation cost of $0.06 per share. Cash flow from operations was strong at $165 million in the first half of 2012. Despite using $333 million of cash on the balance sheet to help partially fund the acquisitions of Harco and AmSafe, we ended the quarter with almost $200 million of cash on the balance sheet. Our net debt leverage ratio was 4.4x our pro forma EBITDA As Defined. We expect to continue to delever throughout the year, and we project that our net leverage ratio will be approximately 4x EBITDA As Defined on September 30. Moving to guidance. We estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $5.64 and as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $6.40. The $0.76 of adjustments to bridge GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS includes the following assumptions: $0.06 from dividend equivalent payments paid in the first quarter, $0.23 from noncash stock option expense and $0.47 of acquisition-related expenses. Now let me hand it over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready to open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Julie Yates - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Julie. So with 15% organic growth in the first half of the year, what's the total organic growth you're assuming in the full year revenue guidance? And has that changed from what you were assuming in the prior guidance?
Gregory Rufus: Just with the sense, it's up a little bit. It hasn't changed dramatically.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, and it's probably up a little. I just -- I don't have the number in my head, Julie. This is Nick Howley. But the Commercial OEM's up a little bit. Defense is up a little bit, and commercial aftermarket is about the same. So a little bit.
Julie Yates - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, but it looks like it might decelerate a little bit in the back half of the year, maybe be high single digits, low double digits. Does that sound about right?
W. Nicholas Howley: No. I just don't have the number in my head. Greg, do you?
Gregory Rufus: Yes, we have the second half when you look at it on this basis excluding some of the acquisitions of being more in the high teens...
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes, yes. You're right. You're right, Julie.
Julie Yates - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, okay, and then just a housekeeping for Greg. What was the interest expense you're embedding in your full year guidance number?
Gregory Rufus: Well, the interest in depreciation and amortization combined, Julie, was $0.26 per share. I don't have the absolute number in front of me right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. Nick, I wondered if you might talk to what's driving the military strength if you can see anything in the kind of granular data of whether or not it's helicopters or what's going on that it keeps surprising us?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes, first, Carter, I don't think we're the only one it's surprising. If you look across the product lines, it's fairly broadly doing better. I would say in specifics, a couple of things that do jump out is the helicopters are continuing to do better. That's helicopter maintenance, spare parts, all that -- upgrades, all that sort of thing. And we saw a couple of decent F-35 shipments here too in this quarter. Those are probably the 2 things that might stick out other than just generally it's not dropping as much as we thought.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great, and the second relates to just M&A. I know you said the pipeline was a little light, but I wondered if you might comment on the types of deals you're seeing out there. If you're seeing any impact from sort of looming tax changes, and whether or not that's got sellers interested or not or what kind of deals are out there? Are there anything new or are you working the same list? Any detail would be helpful.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I can't talk anything specific, of course. Let me take your questions in the order you asked them, Carter. I -- we do the tax change pitch all the time for people. We'll see to try to get them to sell. I honestly can say we haven't got a lot of biting on that. People listen, but they don't seem to move much on it. We had the same thing in 2010, so I can't take much comfort in that. I would say on the deals we are seeing, I would say the type of things we're seeing right now are typically the smaller type of things that we traditionally saw. That being said, as you know, particularly bigger things can just pop up on you quickly. I mean we're tracking them, but we don't know of anything right now that's popping up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Thanks for the additional color around adjusted EBITDA margins by business or by the base business. That's where my question is. You talked about 50% adjusted EBITDA margins for the base business with McKechnie and 51% for the full year. Can you give us an idea, Nick, of maybe the spread between the base in McKechnie, how McKechnie is tracking relative to that 50%, 51% number.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we really don't disclose that. But what I wanted to do is that I wanted to give you that number so you can get a pretty good sense. McKechnie is a decent-sized business, and the base businesses were somewhere around 50% before we bought it. So you can do the math and see it's got to be doing pretty well, right? Or you couldn't -- McKechnie is in the 50%, 51%.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, sure. I assume...
W. Nicholas Howley: We don't -- specifically, we don't disclose them.
Gregory Rufus: Well frankly, we don't even add up. There's no such thing as a McKechnie. We don't even add that total up, David. I mean, we've incorporated corporate into our corporate headquarters. We have 3 units, and we don't get any management benefits for it, but we know -- it's moving up, and that was Nick's point that it was doing good.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, maybe that's the best way to say. It's not an identifiable entity anymore.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, and then on the AmSafe, you bought the business, it was 25% EBITDA margins. Now it sounds like it's 30%, so moving up there. Can you talk about where that 5% is coming from? And then also where does it stand on an EBIT basis? I think you had talked about the ability to kind of stretch out the amortization period. Where does it stand on an EBIT basis?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, let me deal with -- on the EBIT, Greg, you can address. I think we -- on the tax, we gave you an indication of how much tax benefit we get in this 7.5-month period. On the move in the margin, it's the normal stuff. We own the business, and we start to give in, and we start to -- we brought the cost down, we've adjusted the cost structure already, we're starting some consolidations of some plants, we're adjusting the pricing. It's the whole range of things that we do when we buy a business. And it's starting to kick in.
Gregory Rufus: David, in our guidance, and I don't know if this will help your confuse you, but total depreciation and amortization for AmSafe on an annualized basis will be just a little over $15 million now that we've settled through everything. I don't know if this -- that helps you or not.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, that's this year, or that's a full year run rate?
Gregory Rufus: That's a full year run rate.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, okay, now that helps. And then last one for me. What's the latest thinking on what to do with the ground vehicle business?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, if we -- as I've said before, that doesn't fit with us particularly. It's just a question of whether we think we can get a price that makes sense to us. And we're sort of going through the process now of trying to sort that out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just on the commercial aftermarket, I recognize you didn't change the full year target. But it sounded like you made a few incrementally cautious comments there, what you said on inventory de-stocking in Europe. Maybe there's a few other incremental positives that you just didn't mention. Traffic's been pretty strong. Year-to-date load factor is still high. So just very simply, would you say on the margin you feel better, worse or the same about commercial aftermarket today versus the last time you spoke to us, and why?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I think I'd have to say we feel about the same. We reconfirmed the same numbers on our guidance. On the downside, we get some anecdotal evidence, as I said, of some inventory adjustments and frankly, some more kind of hammering in from the European airlines. That's on the downside. On the upside, as I said, the bookings for the quarter were pretty good. So we sort of look at the 2 of them and parse them out, and we don't have a crystal ball and say that feels about the same to us.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Can you tell us -- and I know you don't like to get very granular on pricing, but can you say what the core aftermarket volume growth, so total aftermarket exclusive of price in the quarter, was that positive or negative?
W. Nicholas Howley: You mean do we get positive price?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, I'm asking did you grow aftermarket exclusive of price just on volume?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we don't -- I'm not going to get -- just frankly, I'm not going to get back into that. I'm not going to get back into figuring out the price from the real volume.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, yes. No, I mean, I was -- I know you don't want to do that, which is why I was trying to ask just...
W. Nicholas Howley: Which is why you asked it a different way.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And it still didn't work. That's all right.
W. Nicholas Howley: One of these days, it will work.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe I'll try one more then. Just the likelihood that in your view that we see more of these retroactive contract adjustments in the remainder of 2012? I know that can be lumpy.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, let me say I don't know. There's none hanging fire that I know of that will drop in the second half. That being said, we get a lot of LTAs around the ranch, and there's frequently some kind of disputes going on. But I don't know of any right now that I expect to drop in the second half. I would say, as I pointed out, we had this Eaton litigation resolution. It's in our favor with a, not a huge, but a decent award in our favor. There's enough kind of a smoke around that, that we don't -- we're not going to book it yet, but that could clear out in the second half of the year. The smoke could clear, and we could have a positive booking.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen Inc.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to explore the aftermarket comment. You said bookings -- last quarter, I think you said the book to bill was basically EBIT one, but this quarter it's running ahead. So was there something kind of late in the quarter that picked up? And if so, where were you seeing that strength?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I don't -- let me just look at the last quarter. I don't remember what the last quarter numbers were, but I think that sounds about right. I just don't remember.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I think you said orders were up or about in line with sales but here, we're seeing that they're running ahead. A few months in, so was that a month...
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I mean the bookings -- as I said, the booking in the second quarter were good. So we're up. We ran ahead of the shipments. We ran ahead of the previous quarter, and we're up above our shipping level on a year-to-date basis. I don't know that I can -- or I mean, excuse me, let me restate that. I can't attribute that to any one thing, but it makes us feel better rather than worse. I would say that to draw much conclusion off a quarter of bookings, it's hard to draw a lot off of that. But it's better to be up than down.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I mean, was there any commonality to the product?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, I can't say there was. We have a lot of different products, and I can't say -- I can't tell you that I could focus it in on fuel systems or interiors or anything like that.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the contract adjustments, could you give us more color on kind of what this was related to? You mentioned there were 2 of them, 2 different contracts...
W. Nicholas Howley: Could you speak up? I couldn't hear the question.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: On the contract adjustments, I think you mentioned there were 2 of them that totaled the $6 million or $5.5 million. Were they different from what you saw last quarter? Were these different contracts? Just a little more color on them?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, what they are, what both of them are, there's a bunch of details that doesn't make all that much difference. Essentially, they are settlements of scope differences on the 787 contracts.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And will that...
W. Nicholas Howley: Each one has some different wrinkles in the exact details. But at the end of the day, their economic impacts have changes in scope as we run through the development process.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And that's what they were last quarter as well?
W. Nicholas Howley: And this quarter.
Gregory Rufus: They're both independent.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, they're independent, by the way. It's not the same contract. They're independent product lines.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: But on the 787.
Gregory Rufus: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rama Bondada with Royal Bank of Canada.
R. Rama Bondada - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So kind of going back to Dave's question earlier. When we think about McKechnie, where are we at in the integration time line there in terms of operational integration, pricing changes that you guys normally implement with your newly acquired companies?
W. Nicholas Howley: Ray, why don't you just speak to the integration activities?
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Yes, I can speak to that. Yes, and integration activity was -- this is Ray Laubenthal. The big moves there were to combine our Avtech facility and the Tyee facility, and the Electromech business with McKechnie had multiple units that were being shut down and moved to Mexico. And both of those physical moves have occurred. A lot of activity combining plants, moving plants and so forth. But after you put 2 plants together, there's a settling out period and so forth. And we expect -- and those businesses are settling out as we expect. The temps that we hired to help with the moves and so forth are let go. But the new people hired at the new locations got to come up the learning curve. So the physical pieces, I think that's gone a little bit better than we expected, but that's gone well and that's done for the most part. With the other value creation, the pricing and so forth, we follow the same playbook as we do with every acquisition we buy, and that has moved along as we expected in the commercial aftermarket. And as the OEM LTA contracts expire, we'll work on those as those come up, and there's a few of those to expire in the coming years.
R. Rama Bondada - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So what's the average length of those LTAs that's not...
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Typically in this industry, at least for our products, the LTAs average between 3 and 5 years.
R. Rama Bondada - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it'll be a rolling event that will be occurring over the next couple of years or so?
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Correct.
R. Rama Bondada - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then kind of looking out over the next couple of years, when we think about margins and assuming and obviously, this is a theoretical, so we know that you guys are going to continue doing acquisitions. But if you weren't doing any acquisitions, how quickly do you think you could get back to that 45%, 46% EBIT margins that you guys had before McKechnie?
W. Nicholas Howley: So I don't know what the -- this is Nick. We're conversing with the EBITDA margins, and I think we're about there.
R. Rama Bondada - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So even including AmSafe and Harco and Schneller...
W. Nicholas Howley: No, no, no. Excuse me, excluding those. In the base business with McKechnie, we're about there.
R. Rama Bondada - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: On the other ones, I would say I -- we'll give a forecast for next year out when we give it, but I would expect the margins would start to move back up.
R. Rama Bondada - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So normally, just because I guess your integration time line with companies, would it be 1 year or 2 years if -- I mean every company's different.
W. Nicholas Howley: We don't -- yes, they're -- all of them are different. We model them over 3 to 5 years. Frequently, we can exceed that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Mr. Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Actually, it's Seth Seifman on for Joe this morning. A question about margins. The performance in the quarter in the base business was quite strong despite an adverse mix shift. I wonder either on a sequential basis or year-on-year if you can quantify the adverse, the margin headwind that came from mix at all or even ballpark?
W. Nicholas Howley: We can't quantify that exactly. What we can make -- as I've told you before, it's unusual for a mix shift period-to-period to move it more than a point or 2.
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And as we look out for the rest of the year, you're obviously looking for improvement in the margin and the base business despite the fact that mix could get a little bit tougher with the strong growth in OE. Is there any one particular thing you would point to that's driving that, or it's just a combination of the stuff you usually do?
W. Nicholas Howley: You mean driving the margin increase or driving the mix change?
Seth M. Seifman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Driving the margin improvement...
W. Nicholas Howley: Just the normal stuff. The normal -- we work on the price, we work on the cost every quarter and every year. But there's nothing unusual on that.
Gregory Rufus: Given the operation, it's rare for one event to move margins 1 point. It's just usually going with the tide of everything going on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just the -- I guess follow-up on the margin mix for a second. The EBITDA margin year-on-year, 48% on an adjusted basis. And if I -- thanks for the walk on the gross margin perspective. If I layer that over on to the EBITDA comparison, EBITDA As Adjusted, I'm getting to like a point of dilution from the acquisitions roughly offset by the favorable contract still ending up at about the same EBITDA As Defined margin year-on-year despite the mix. So is there any other thing to think about in terms of what was driving that to get that performance?
W. Nicholas Howley: Myles, I walked you through the EBITDA As Defined, not the gross profit. Was there some confusion?
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Slide 7 walked through the gross profit year-on-year.
Gregory Rufus: Keep going the prior year, year on year. We're just bridging the current year, within it. We don't...
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes, yes.
Gregory Rufus: [indiscernible] prior year and then just with all the acquisitions.
W. Nicholas Howley: You don't have to answer that, Greg. No, Myles, you're asking reconciling versus the prior year?
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Gregory Rufus: And what we tried to do is give you color for this year because with all the acquisitions, I mean, you could imagine all the puts and takes that go on. So we were just trying to give you color on the current year margin at EBITDA and I wanted to give you a little color on gross profit because we dilute a little more in SG&A with the acquisitions.
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me also add there, Myles, the other -- the thing I was trying to do was to show you if we throw McKechnie into the base, the base is now back at or above where it was before we bought it.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Yes. No, it's more striking to me in terms of just trying to back into the mix apparently not really working against you this quarter and I'm just kind of curious if there's anything we're missing in terms of try to back out to see just what that mix impact may have been.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Yes, I think it is working against us this quarter, which is another way of saying the 50% EBITDA -- or for the quarter, excuse, I talked about year-to-date sorry.
Gregory Rufus: But versus second quarter last year, the mix is working against us.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes.
Gregory Rufus: Our OEM growth was substantial versus our aftermarket.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, right.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I guess on the Slide 7 where it say core business contributed 2 margin points, it seems like the favorable item was about 1.5 points, and then I guess unfavorable versus aftermarket, it had a negative arrow, but I'm just not sure that it actually played out that negatively.
Gregory Rufus: The $6 million, you could do the math on that. That's only about 0.5 margin point there. Given that the aftermarket OEM mix in the quarter was between what 1% and 2%, it was in that range.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. The other question was on cash per quarter. I think maybe it's just rounding, but last quarter you were talking about $80 million a quarter. And I thought I heard $90 million to $100 million, so is that taxes?
Gregory Rufus: No, one, we own another business that we didn't have before, and the other is we tend to be a little conservative on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J. B. Groh with D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Sort of playing off of Myles' question. How should we think about sort of the -- I know you don't want to give specifics, but the margin differential between aftermarket and OE, I mean I know you're not going to give numbers, but I'm sure it varies by company some -- you're essentially selling a 0 margin to OE and getting massive margins on aftermarket, and then there's a continuum. So with the way the mix was, it seems like there's not that huge gap that maybe we thought that it was. Is that fair?
W. Nicholas Howley: There's a pretty big gap.
Gregory Rufus: A big gap.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then on the -- just a housekeeping item on the contract adjustments, no expenses related to that, right?
Gregory Rufus: That's correct.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And then is there any -- I guess you wouldn't have contemplated contract adjustments in the guidance.
Gregory Rufus: No. And as Nick said, I mean, these are the 2 we know about and we don't see anything in the horizon to put in the guidance for the second half.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: And we didn't have it in the original guidance if that was the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Hugel with Stephens.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc., Research Division: When we think about AmSafe, I guess relative to other acquisitions you've done in the past, sort of given the very high sort of aftermarket content, should we think about sort of the margin sort of expansion sort of again sort of accelerating much faster than some -- than prior -- that other acquisitions?
W. Nicholas Howley: I would not. There's some portions of the business that down drag a little, too. That's why I think I said I don't know that this business gets to the average.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I know it might not get to the average, but let's say the recovery, your ability to implement pricing is much quicker because it's such higher aftermarket?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I get your point, but I think we think about these on a 3- to 5-year basis when we sort of give you a sense of what we can do when we buy them, and I think about it the same way and hopefully, you'll be conservative.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And in terms of the intangible amortization, because you have that sort of the put and the take of some of the businesses running off, sort of what should we be thinking of in terms of the run rate on a go-forward basis somewhere in the, say, $11 million to $12 million range so we get a full year, a full quarter of AmSafe in there.
W. Nicholas Howley: When we give our guidance out because -- we'll give you a clearer picture because the amortization I gave you or I gave David, I know it does include like backlog amortization and stuff, which is at a more rapid rate. And I just don't have what after the rapid amortization what the run rate is right now. That will come when we do our guidance for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Nick, maybe just to go back to Noah's question, if I look at your commentary from these results with revenue sequentially flat in commercial aftermarket. Last 2 quarters, you talked about them being sequentially flat. So that's 3 quarters in a row of aftermarket sequentially flat. I'm assuming you get a little bit of bump there with 787 and 747 provisioning. So again maybe getting back to that core business, I'm also assuming over the past 9 months there's been some pricing. So it would seem like volumes are under a bit of pressure, I guess?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, let me -- a couple of things. One, we have no provisioning in there. As you know, that's -- we could get some provisioning, and I hope we do. But someday we'll get it, but we have none in the second half. So that -- so I just take issue with that. We're just -- we're not going to back into the pricing this way. So I'm not going to comment on what the real volume is. But I will say I'll just remind you again, the 25% year-over-year growth the year before was, in our judgment, not a sustainable number. So at some point, you're going to give some of that back.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, yes. No doubt, okay. What about -- I mean, are you seeing anything from any of the string of bankruptcies out there that -- I know you talked about some of the cautious comments and some of the more positive comments. I mean, anything else that would be creating a sequentially flat environment for you guys?
W. Nicholas Howley: Other than just general economic concern, I don't know of anything systematic. The positive is the bookings picked up. Now again, I don't want to over play that, but surely that's a better fact than if they went the other direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Leake with BB&T Capital Markets.
F. Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: You gave us sequential commercial aftermarket. Any chance of getting that for Commercial OEM and defense as well sequential?
W. Nicholas Howley: What did we give -- we gave the -- what did we give, Greg? We gave the quarters? Have we given that?
Gregory Rufus: I don't know. I thought we did.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I thought we did. Obviously we don't have it here.
Gregory Rufus: We don't have them all memorized, sorry. We thought we gave it, but we didn't, I guess.
F. Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, biz jet OEM, any color on that? What's driving it? Where are you seeing it? What platform?
W. Nicholas Howley: In what? Was that biz jet?
Gregory Rufus: Biz jet OEM.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I mean the same story on biz jets that everybody sees. The top of the market is doing better than the bottom of the market. That's the Gulfstream, big Canada air kind of stuff.
F. Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Moving to the Eaton settlement. I think the public number we see there is around $8.5 million. Is that correct, what the award is?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, that was offset by a counterclaim, so it's more in the $7 million, $7.5 million range. As I said to start off, there's a couple things there. The big issue there was intellectual property, and we've prevailed completely on that and have all our intellectual property back with an order. The dollar claim, that's going to jostle around. We got some more ongoing prejudgment interest claims. There's an argument about the fees, how much of the back fees do they owe us. And on the other hand, they may appeal some of it. So I don't exactly know where that sorts out.
F. Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And where is Eaton right now as far as a customer? Are they still a current customer?
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, yes. They're a current customer. They're not in our top 10. I mean, they're a good customer, but they're not one of our big customers.
F. Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Because their counterclaim sort of speaks to underperformance, et cetera, but you don't see -- you see them continuing as a customer relationship.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue, so I will return the call to management for any closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I'd like to thank you, all, for participating on this morning's call, and I'd like to let you know that we expect to file our second quarter 10-Q sometime tomorrow.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Raymond F. Laubenthal  President and COO Gregory Rufus  EVP, CFO and Secretary Liza Sabol  Investor Relations Nicholas Howley  Chairman and CEO
Analysts: David Strauss  UBS Eric Hugel  Stephens Inc Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse Amit Mehrotra  Deutsche Bank J. B. Groh  D. A. Davidson & Co Carter Leake  BB&T Capital Markets Mayur Manmohansingh  Barclays Capital Joe Nadol  JPMorgan Kenneth Herbert  Wedbush Michael Callahan  Auriga Securities Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc Robert Stallard  Royal Bank of Canada Yair Reiner  Oppenheimer Yumar Habib  JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Juanita and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today, and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2012 first quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the Company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available in the Investor section of our website or through the Securities Exchange Commission's website at sec.gov. The Company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. Also please note that the slides that accompany today's release, can be found on our website, but will not be advanced automatically. You will need to manually advance them. We apologize for any inconvenience. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Nicholas Howley: Good morning and thanks again for calling in to hear about our company. As usual, Id like to start with some comments about our consistent strategy. Ill also talk a little bit about the pending acquisition of AmSafe and our current status in the aerospace market, particularly how it applies to TransDigm. To reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this and this is on Page 4 of the slide, about 90% of more of our net sales are generated by proprietary products, and around three-quarters of our sales come from products for which we are the sole source provider. About 55% of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and provided relative stability in the downtimes. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, typically approaching 50%, and relatively low capital expenditure requirements, about 2% or less of revenue, TransDigm has year in and year out generated strong free cash flow. We pay close attention to our capital structure and view it as another means to create shareholder value. As you know, we have been in the past and continue to be willing to lever up when we either see good opportunity or view our leverage as sub-optimum for value creation. We typically begin to deleverage pretty quickly. We have a well-proven, value-based operating strategy, focused around what we refer to as our three value drivers; new business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methodology. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets and has allowed us to continually improve and increase the intrinsic value of our business while steadily investing in new business and platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace products with significant aftermarket content. We've been able to acquire and improve proprietary aerospace businesses through all phases of the cycle. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a clear acquisition strategy, and close attention to our capital structure, we've been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years through up and down markets. This just completed quarter was again active. In addition to all the operating activity, we closed on Harco $83 million. We also announced an agreement to buy AmSafe for about $750 million. The AmSafe price includes tax benefits over the next 10 years to TransDigm in the range of $70 million on a net present value basis. The tax benefits are front-end weighted to a certain degree. AmSafe is a good solid proprietary aerospace business. They do about $260 million per year in revenues, with an average EBITDA margin a little under 25%. The commercial aerospace margins are higher than the average and the ground vehicle margins are substantially lower. About 90% of the EBITDA comes from commercial aerospace and military markets, of which the vast majority is commercial aerospace. We find the low military content about 10% of revenue and a very high commercial aerospace aftermarket content particularly attractive. Excluding the commercial ground vehicle business, about 85% of the revenues are aftermarket, primarily commercial transport aftermarket. The major product lines are seatbelts and airbags for commercial aircraft, again primarily commercial transport size. They are qualified, usually exclusively, on all major commercial transport and regional aircraft. We see opportunity to create value here through a mix of all three of our usual value drivers. Though I don't know if this business can achieve the EBITDA percent as high as the TransDigm average, we do see some significant upside. Since we do not yet own the business and have the confidentiality agreements still in place, that's about all I can say at this point. We anticipate financing the acquisition with about $500 million of incremental bank debt, with a balance from our cash on hand. The new bank loan is fully committed and we anticipate an interest rate in the 4.5% range based on a 1% LIBOR floor. We are also seeking to increase our revolver availability at the same time. If we close on the AmSafe business, at 03/31 we anticipate about $160 million of cash and over $285 million in undrawn revolver.  We also on average generate over $80 million a quarter in additional cash. We have additional capacity under our credit agreement. We estimate that our net debt to EBITDA on a 12/31 pro forma basis reflecting the AmSafe acquisition will be about 4.8 times EBITDA. As in the past, AmSafe acquisitions or other capital market activities we soon begin to de-lever. Now, with respect to our underlying markets and on a pro forma basis, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods, the market outlook was somewhat mixed. We see continuing signs of an improving commercial market, while defense market continues less clear. In the commercial OEM area, industry forecasters and airframe manufacturers continue to be optimistic regarding the commercial transport OEM production cycles. The rate increases seem to be proceeding at Airbus and Boeing. The 787 schedule is still unclear, but that won't materially impact TransDigm in 2012. In total, our full year commercial transport OEM revenues on a pro forma basis are still expected to be up in the mid-teens. In the bizjet, though the outlook is mixed by airframe manufacturers, we are still comfortable with the low to mid-teen growth rate versus the prior year. This is in the bizjet OEM. In the commercial aftermarket, we continue to see growth in worldwide passenger traffic, but not as high as last year. This quarter we saw a significant increase over the prior year Q1 in commercial aftermarket revenues. Incoming orders or bookings are running about even with the shipment levels and well above the prior year Q1 booking levels. Sequentially, commercial aftermarket revenues were about flat, but Q1 has less shipping days than the prior quarters. We are still planning on pro forma commercial aftermarket revenues to be up about 10% versus last year. But we watch this carefully and I remind you the comps get tougher as the year goes on. In the Defense, given the uncertainties around the Defense budgets, we anticipate Defense revenues to be flat to modestly down now in fiscal year 2012. Though Q1 was a little better than we anticipated, we remain very cautious regarding military revenues. Military revenues can be tough to predict, especially given the current U.S. political winds and the worldwide geopolitical situation. Now let me turn to our financial performance. Ill remind you this is the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. Our year started October 1, 2011. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by difference in the OEM aftermarket mix, timing of large orders, and transient inventory fluctuations in the system, modest seasonality and other factors. But in any event, the first quarter of fiscal year '12 started off well. GAAP revenues were up 51% versus the prior year Q1. Organic revenues were up about 18% on quarter-versus-quarter basis. Reviewing the revenues by market category, again, on a pro forma basis, versus prior Q1, and you can look at Slide 5 to see that. This again assumes we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial markets, which make up about 75% of our revenue, commercial OEM revenues were up about 20% versus the prior year. Commercial transport OEM and bizjet OEM revenue percent growth were both very close to the 20%. Commercial aftermarket revenue was up about 19% on a Q1 versus Q1 basis. This is a strong increase, but I'll remind you versus a weak prior year. Commercial transport aftermarket revenues were up about 20% versus the prior year, and business jet was up somewhat less. Bookings are running about even with shipments. We are watching the trends very carefully in the commercial aftermarket. In the defense market, which makes up about 25% of our revenue, the defense picture was again mixed. Revenues were up 7% on a quarter versus prior quarter basis and about flat versus the prior year average quarterly run rate. Incoming orders ran ahead of the shipping rate in Q1. Well see how this plays out as the year goes on. As I said, the picture is not clear, but for obvious reasons we remain cautious about military trends. In total for the quarter, our revenues were a bit better than expected. Moving to profitability and now on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. The major as defined adjustments are primarily made up of acquisition expenses and stock option expenses. Our EBITDA as defined was about $174 million for Q1, or up 57% versus the prior year. EBITDA as defined margin was 49.5% versus the quarter, versus 47.5% the prior year. The two-point increase is due to a number of items. To enumerate the major ones, the improved operations increased the margin by about 2.75%, a one-time contract settlement increased about 0.75% and these were partially offset by about 1.5% of acquisition dilution. With respect to acquisitions, as I said, we completed one in Q1 2012, that was Harco, for about $83 million. As I said before, we executed a contract by AmSafe for about $750 million. This is still subject to final regulatory approval. We continue actively looking at opportunities. We've been pretty busy working the AmSafe and Harco deals. The pipeline frankly is a little light. Closings always difficult to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities. Now moving on to the balance of 2012 and regarding the guidance, and this is on Slide 6. There are a number of moving pieces impacting our increased guidance. Our operations performed well in Q1. The Harco acquisition closed and the tax rate is a little better or the primary impacts. I'm going to refer to the midpoint numbers of our guidance in the following discussions. I remind everybody these numbers include no contribution from AmSafe or any additional acquisitions. Based on all of the above, we are increasing the midpoint of our EPS as adjusted guidance by $0.32 a share or from $5.51 per share at the midpoint to $5.83. We now expect TransDigm revenues to be about $1.49 million or up $40 million, which is about 3% from our prior guidance. This is primarily driven by the Harco acquisition. The 2012 EBITDA as defined is now anticipated to be in the range of $733 million a year, up $18 million from our previous guidance. This is roughly or a little over half of this from Harco and the balance primarily from improved operations. We still expect our fiscal year 2012 results to be stronger in the second half. Our fiscal first quarter is typically the lowest in the year. Compared to 2011, we are still planning on full year commercial aerospace OEM revenues to be up about 15%. For commercial aerospace aftermarket, we are still planning on revenue growth about 10% based on worldwide traffic up 4% to 5% year-over-year. Well keep watching this closely as the year proceeds and adjust if it's required. For defense revenues, we are planning year-over-year revenues to be flat to modestly down. In summary, Q1 was a good start to the year. The market seems to be roughly on track. In any event, I'm confident by focusing on our consistent strategy; we can continue to create intrinsic value for our shareholders in good and bad times. And now let me hand this over to Ray Laubenthal, our President and COO to discuss some of the operating issues from Q1.
Raymond Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total, we had a good first quarter. We were quite busy with acquisitions due diligence, completing transactions and transitioning acquired businesses. At our operating unit, we are also diligently working our guiding drivers and we continue to create shareholder value. Let me explain our 2012 first quarter operation value creation a little more in detail. Four weeks before our fiscal Q1 started, we purchased Schneller. During Q1, we restructured Schneller's product pricing to better reflect the value they provide, and we organized this business unit into our proven product line operational structure. We are also working to shut down the Schneller Florida facility and consolidate these operations these operations with the main Kent, Ohio manufacturing site. To date, the design of the Kent building expansion has been completed and we are set to break ground on the new addition this spring. We expect to complete construction this summer and physically move the Schneller Florida operations this fall. Overall, the Schneller transition activities are well underway and we expect this acquisition to meet or beat our value creation expectations. On December 9th, we acquired Harco Labs Incorporated. To-date, we have restructured the Harco's spares pricing and tightened up the cost structure with an 18% headcount reduction. We are now working to organize this business into our proven product line operational structure. So far the transition activities are progressing well and this looks to be another good acquisition. Now let me turn the discussion to our other operating units and their recent value generation activities. Overall, the TransDigm operating units are performing well. They have diligently controlled their cost structure and have added resources sparingly as the commercial market recovers. Our value generation activities continue to be effective across our businesses and they also contributed to our solid first quarter results. Our new business development continued to be quite active during Q1. We continue to invest in a broad range of engineered solutions for our customers. Each of our 50 plus product lines have many products in different stages of developments each quarter. I won't do this every quarter, but this quarter. I'd like to give it a little color with some examples of our recent new business program awards for several of these product lines. Today, I'd like to highlight a few of the innovative solutions we provided for aviation water systems and electrical power management. In water system area, we recently developed a line of water management products that reduced the weight of the aircraft and save fuel and maintenance cost. These products provide real quantifiable value for the airlines. For example, we've developed and are delivering a series of low flow faucets for use on the Boeing 737, 747 and 777. These faucets conserve water and allow the airlines that use them to fly with less water. On the new Boeing 747-8, we're supplying a hands-free, infrared actuated faucet. This faucet only runs when hands are present. This feature conserves water and allows the airlines to carry less of it. On the Boeing 777, we've developed and are selling a very accurate water level sensor that helps the airline tightly manage and optimize the amount of water they carry. Again, the less water weight carried, the less fuel consumed by the aircraft. To improve water quality, we've developed a ground cart ozone system that purifies the water as it's being added to the aircraft tanks. This system eliminates the need for chemical additives and the associated labor cost and it's now in use at many airports, servicing a wide variety of aircraft types. We have also developed an on-board version of this ozone system for the Boeing 737. This system keeps the on-board water clean and potable without the use of chemicals and maintenance labor. In the area of electric power management, we've developed lighter weight electrical power inverter equipment for use on the Boeing 737, 747, 757 and the 777. These units are being used for both OEM production and existing fleet spares. On the Boeing 787, we've developed a medical outlet frequency converter. This unit provides on-board portable power for medical emergency defibrillators, ventilators and similar medical equipment that requires a 120-volt power or other voltage standards found in foreign countries. We've also been successful getting our existing line of micro maintenance nickel cadmium batteries approved by the FAA for use on Airbus A300 and A320 platforms. And lastly, weve gained another platform approval for our energy saving LED mood lighting systems. We're now selling this product on the A330 for a large Asian carrier. We also continue to develop new power equipment to enhance the capabilities or extend the life of the military fleet. On the CH-53 Sea Stallion and the CH-47 Chinook helicopters, we've developed expanded clean power transformers and uninterrupted power supply equipment to enhance the onboard avionics. On the new Sikorsky S-97 RAIDER high-speed helicopter, we were awarded the electrical power management system, which includes lithium ion battery, two power supplies and power distribution unit. On the KC-10, we have developed upgraded cockpit control panels and equipment for the KC-10 modernization program. These new engineered solutions and many others not discussed, continue to expand our profitable product offering and add to our future growth. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus, our CFO, who will review the first quarter financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray, and good morning, everyone. I hope everyone had an opportunity to read our press release which was issued this morning. As you compare our quarterly performance versus the first quarter of last year, the impact of acquisitions, financings, and operations are all significant in the first quarter comps. Hopefully, I'll keep it simple for you today. Before I begin, please reference Slide 7 for our quarterly financial results. Quarter one net sales were $352.5 million, up $118.9 million or 50.9% from the prior year. There are two significant explanations for this very large increase. The first is the collective impact of the acquisitions of the McKechnie, Talley and Schneller businesses, which were acquired in fiscal '11 and Harco, which we just acquired in the first quarter. These acquisitions contributed $75.9 million of additional sales versus the prior period. Not to be overshadowed by the impact of recent acquisitions, our organic growth was very strong at 18.4% over the prior year. All market channels contributed to this growth as follows. An additional $18.2 million was from the commercial aftermarket sales, $16.6 million came from the commercial OEM and $5.6 million from defense sales driven primarily by the aftermarket. Reported gross profit was $199.6 million or 56.6% of sales. The reported gross profit margin increased by approximately 2 percentage points, versus the prior year due to the following. It's the strength of our proprietary products, continued productivity improvement, and favorable product mix, all made favorable contributions. Also, a little favorable retroactive contract adjustment contributed approximately three quarters of a percentage point as well as positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over the higher production volume. Collectively, these items increased our gross profit percentage on our businesses by approximately 3 margin points, which more than offset the dilutive impact from lower margin acquisitions. As a percent of sales, the impact of purchase price accounting items, that is inventory step-up and related start-up costs were about the same for both periods. Selling and administrative expenses were 11.9% of sales for the quarter, compared to 13.1% versus the prior year. The decrease as a percent of sales was due to lower cost directly associated with acquisition-related activity, such as transaction costs and severance costs, and this is up approximately $2 million compared to the prior year quarter. These costs were 1% of sales in the current quarter versus 2.3% of sales in the prior year. Amortization of intangibles was $8.2 million higher versus the prior year due to the acquisitions made over the past 12 months. The current quarter comparison is also favorably impacted by the large refinancing costs of $70.7 million recorded last year in December 2010 as a result of the refinancing of TransDigm's then existing debt structure. This was done in conjunction with the debt raised to acquire McKechnie. To remind you, these costs are excluded from EBITDA as defined and adjusted EPS for both periods. Net interest expense was $49.1 million, an increase of $16.5 million versus the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily caused by the increase in weighted average total debt of approximately $3.1 billion in the current quarter, versus $2.1 billion in the prior year. This is all related to the previously mentioned refinancing in quarter one of last year and our acquisitions. The weighted average interest rate and total borrowings outstanding, as of the end of the quarter, was approximately 5.9%. Our effective tax rate was 32.3% in the current quarter, down from 34.6% in the prior year quarter. The lower effective tax rate was primarily due to a favorable nonrecurring adjustment to our state income tax expense of $2.6 million, which was related to changes in state tax laws. We now expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be between 34% and 35%. Net income for the quarter increased $72.5 million to $65.1 million, which is 18.5% of sales. This compares to a net loss of $7.4 million in the prior year. The net loss last year was primarily due to the onetime cost attributable to refinancing of the debt structure I just discussed. GAAP EPS was $1.15 per share in the current quarter, compared to a net loss of $0.19 per share a year ago. Please note that last year the impact of refinancing cost, net of tax, was $0.87 per share on GAAP EPS. Adjusted EPS was $1.42 per share, an increase of 65% compared to $0.86 per share last year. This percentage change is higher than our sales increase of 51%, which is reflective of our improved EBITDA margin this quarter versus the prior year. The quarter adjustments to GAAP EPS were $0.27 per share. The adjustments net of tax are acquisition-related expenses of about $0.16 per share, inclusion of the dividend equivalent payment paid in the first quarter of $0.06 per share, and non-cash compensation cost of $0.05 per share. We ended this quarter with $360 million of cash on the balance sheet and a net debt leverage ratio of 4.2 times on a pro forma EBITDA. Now let me hand it back over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I'd ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. If you have further questions, I'd ask that you reinsert yourself into the queue and we will answer those questions if time permits. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Please proceed.
David Strauss  UBS: Morning. Nick, on the aftermarket, you did close to 20% in the quarter year-over-year, your guidance 10% for the full year. I understand the comps get more difficult, but can you give us idea sequentially, as we go through the year, what your 19%, 20%  sorry, your 10% guidance assumes sequentially as we go throughout the year?
Nicholas Howley: Well, as you know, David, we don't give quarterly guidance. And I don't want to back into it that way, but you can back into the math, right? If you take whatever the first quarter is and divide the rest of it with the rest of the year, you get about 6% or 7% a quarter.
David Strauss  UBS: Right. I was just trying to get an idea sequentially what you were looking at?
Gregory Rufus: No, we're not smart enough for that.
David Strauss  UBS: No, you guys are pretty smart.
Nicholas Howley: I would say it is  as you know, when the comps get significantly harder, and we are mostly reflecting there some  no company-specific concern, but frankly just a little bit of discomfort still with where the economy goes and where the airline industry goes around the world. That's all what we are reflecting there.
David Strauss  UBS: But did you see  you had mentioned last quarter that you had seen some softening in the aftermarket bookings. Did that  it seems like that recovered in the first quarter. Is that correct?
Nicholas Howley: Well, the bookings and shipments were about the same and they were up significantly off of the  they were significantly up in the previous year. I would say, sequentially, the bookings didn't change a whole lot.
Gregory Rufus: Particularly if you adjusted it for days from the prior quarter.
David Strauss  UBS: Okay. And last one for me. AmSafe. I know you're somewhat limited in what you can say, but you made the comment that you might not be able to get AmSafe margins up to kind of TransDigm average. Could you maybe just compare the opportunity at AmSafe relative to the opportunity that you saw at McKechnie when you started there?
Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I think the way we look at this, as you know, is were not  we don't make any money by percents, we make the money by dollars. When we look at that, we see the same kind of  we think this is an EBITDA that over time as we always say four years or so, we think we can double this EBITDA which is the same kind of thing we saw at McKechnie. And that's a combination of the usual suspects. It's cost reduction. It's pricing. It's some new business and a little market tailwinds.
David Strauss  UBS: Okay. But over four years, because it looked like with McKechnie, you are going to get there a lot quicker than four years?
Nicholas Howley: Well, hopefully maybe we will do that here too. You know how we look at this. We look at this on a four to five year cash to cash kind of basis and we are looking to get the returns up in the high-teens to 20s on our equity. And this passes that test or better, we wouldn't here.
David Strauss  UBS: Yes, got it. Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hugel with Stephens Inc. Please proceed.
Eric Hugel  Stephens Inc: Hey, good morning guys. Hey, can you talk about in defense side? You talked about some  the strength in there is really aftermarket driven. Can you talk about maybe any specifics the types of products, helicopters, six lane, ground vehicles?
Nicholas Howley: Well, as you may know, about 60% of our defense business roughly evenly split comes from helicopters and freighters. So that's always going to be the primary driver as is helicopters and freighters. I would say if you look across our operating units and product lines, it's I would say not all, but the high percentage of them were up this quarter. Each one has a little bit of a different story, but the spending at least for our products was a little bit than we anticipated and I really can't zero it in on one big thing.
Eric Hugel  Stephens Inc: Okay. Fair enough.
Nicholas Howley: Id like to give you a more satisfying answer than that, but looks like were unsettled about the future. Its frankly hanging in better than we thought.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc: I guess that's good if it's not any one particular thing, it's broad based. Thats a positive. Also when you look  in your guidance, can you give us a range of what you are looking for in terms of the adjustments for EBITDA and net income?
Gregory Rufus: With AmSafe, it's going to change a lot obviously because it's a large acquisition. We have on the table what our current adjustments are, but I'd ask you to be patient when we give out the AmSafe guidance, because the amortization and things like that  the dividend payment stays the same. That only happens in the first quarter. You could annualize the comp costs. That will probably go up because well issue more options with the acquisition, and then well have the various acquisition related expenses. So it won't be any different subjects. But again, what you see now will be updated and changed with AmSafe.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc: Would you plan to update the guidance when you closed AmSafe, or just at the next conference call?
Gregory Rufus: No. At our next conference call because we will in the middle of our operating, our base business that quarter. So our intention right now is to do it at the next conference call.
Nicholas Howley: Let me just add to that, Greg. I think between the public information that weve put out, I think you have the basis for making some judgments there.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc: Great. Thanks a lot guys. Good quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Nick, just to go back to spares growth for a minute. Would you characterize the 19% in the quarter as what you were looking for or did that come in ahead?
Nicholas Howley: I can't find how to say. I don't  I can't say it's materially different, Rob. We were thinking 10% in the year. We are still somewhere around 10% for the year. So I don't know. Maybe a little better, maybe a little worse, but I can't say there is a material difference.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: I only asked the question because you actually adjusted your annual outlook on defense growth, but not here. So I'm wondering if this just actually came in you really expected a front ended year?
Nicholas Howley: I would say I guess I maybe front-ended, Rob, if you compare as a percent. But remember the comps get a lot harder as you go forward.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: True. Fair enough. Okay. And then could you give us the latest on pricing?
Nicholas Howley: Pricing of what?
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Just pricing in general, the customers acceptance of pricing and how prices are fairing in this environment, perhaps compared to previous periods?
Nicholas Howley: There has been no significant change in the pricing dynamics in the industry for our products, Rob. We haven't seen any change this quarter in this period as we did in previous up and down cycles. I mean, our process and our activities remain the same and our results remain the same.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just for Greg, you mentioned the contract adjustment. Are there any others embedded in the guidance going forward? Should we see any more adjustments like that?
Gregory Rufus: No. Right now that happened in this quarter. So we wanted to carve it out for you.
Nicholas Howley: Let me just add to that. We have some number of these negotiations going on in any one-time. Sometimes they stretch out forever and never get resolved and sometimes they all of a sudden pop overnight and get resolved. So it's doesn't mean there is no possibility of it anymore, but there is none in guidance.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks so much.
Gregory Rufus: But, it's not in the guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank: Oh, hi there. Good morning. It's Amit Mehrotra here for Myles. Just looking at the guidance, the $0.32 increase at the midpoint, it looks like maybe $0.10 is from Harco, another $0.05 from tax. So that leaves about $0.15 to $0.20 from improved operations. Can you just give us some color on where specifically you're seeing the better performance?
Nicholas Howley: It's better to look at it almost a third, a third, a third by the subjects you mentioned. I don't know what you read but those improvements really closed out in that way. Tax, a third; Harco, a third and ops a third.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then the third that's from better performance, can you just point to specifically where in the business you're seeing that?
Gregory Rufus: We're just generally being pretty excited with the headcount and as the market recovers and we're also enjoying the benefits of some of the reductions we've had with acquisitions over the last 12 months. We are seeing a full year of that.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just the commercial aftermarket performance, up at 19% was quite strong and I think the comp was up 20% the same quarter a year ago. So just considering global capacity was up 5% in the quarter, can you just help us bridge the gap between the up 19% and the up 5% for capacity growth?
Nicholas Howley: Well, obviously somebody was buying more than the capacity growth was. This is the same issue we saw all of last year and we're continuing some of it here in the beginning. The quarter-to-quarter  first quarter to first quarter is the easiest comp. It gets tougher from here on in. So the answer is generally the same answer we had last year. We are aware the people who are buying, theyre buying ahead of the  I would say the consumption and the pricing, and there's a little extra buying we suspect for inventory and some deferred maintenance. We don't know if these comps get tougher. We don't know that that can continue.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And just last question and just a quick clarification. On the pro forma growth by end market that you provide in the deck, does pro forma mean you include acquisition related revenue in both periods or does it excluding acquisition related revenue in both periods?
Nicholas Howley: It includes it. It presumes we own the same mix of businesses the prior year that we own this year.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank: Got it. Okay, thanks. Great quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J. B. Groh with D. A. Davidson. Please proceed.
J. B. Groh  D. A. Davidson & Co: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my call. I just want to clarify. I think you mentioned some pricing action on Harco and Schneller, but from the other questions it sounds like you didn't make  take any other pricing action with the core business this quarter?
Gregory Rufus: We mentioned Harco and Schneller just because after we acquire a business, we quickly go to work on that stuff. But in our base businesses, our pricing actions have been same as theyve been every year and every quarter.
J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co: So was there a general price increase in Q1?
Gregory Rufus: We don't have a general price increase necessarily. The product line is handled differently. But I mean as Ill try to track back on the question that Rob asked. Our pricing pattern, our pricing methodology has not changed.
Nicholas Howley: We just don't talk about it every quarter. Ray talks a little bit about the new acquisitions.
J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co: Right. Now I understand why don't want to give too much away there. And then maybe playing up the last question, maybe give us the thought on the level of inventory customers. How are you seeing that? Obviously, there is a little bit of inventory build here, but do you have a sense in what those inventory levels are relative to historic level?
Nicholas Howley: I don't have a good sense of it. I think the best way to think about that is look at our guidance for the balance of the year.
J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co: Okay. Thanks for your help.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Leake with BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my question. Defense last quarter, we had down low single digits and now it's flat to modestly down. Is that an improvement in the Defense outlook, just because your handing is flat, or is there no change?
Gregory Rufus: It will probably be a little. I think our previous guidance was modestly down. We changed from flat to modestly down. Primarily, of course we had a good first quarter than we expected. There is nothing I would say there is  I can't tell you there is anything about the Defense world or the outlook that makes me feel a whole lot different than I did 90 days ago, other than we got 90 days under the belt that was a little better than we expected.
Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then, this is really splitting hairs, but Ill ask it. Last quarter for OEM it was mid-teens, now it's 15%. That's the same. Your outlook hasn't really changed?
Nicholas Howley: Yes. No, the outlook hasn't changed.
Carter Leake - BB&T Capital Markets: Last quarter also we had 787 commentary as one of the assumptions, 15 and 12, 15 and 13. Thats been dropped. Does that matter anymore or do you have a more favorable outlook?
Nicholas Howley: No. I think when I said about the 787 is the  it's unclear to me exactly what the shipment rates are going to be this year. As you probably know, the number seems to sort of move around. But I would say, it didnt want to make a lot of  it's not a material impact on TransDigm's performance this year. Surely not on the profitability.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital: Hi. Good morning guys. This is Mayur in for Carter. First, let me just congratulate you on a good quarter. Nick, can you talk a little bit about the deal pipeline? Specifically can you talk about any changes that you're seeing with regards to seller expectations?
Nicholas Howley: I don't know that we're seeing any changes. As I think I've told you, if I look at it today, probably the pipeline is a little light. I don't know that I can attribute that to anything other than normal fluctuations. And as you probably know that you've been following our calls, the relationship between what I say about our pipeline and the timing of closing seems to have almost no relationship to each other. So take it for what it's worth.
Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital: This is hard to predict?
Nicholas Howley: This is hard to predict. I mean, we are out there slugging away every day, looking for things and sometimes they have a slow bubble and a boil and they start to go to a pipeline and we contract them and sometimes they just come up fast and we have to hit quick.
Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital: And in terms of the seller expectations, any changes there in terms of the pricing?
Gregory Rufus: I don't think so. I can't say that the pricing expectations have changed materially.
Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you very much and good quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning guys and good quarter. The EBITDA as defined margin guidance for the rest of the year is flat to a little down from Q1. Is that just mix as you think OE will grow faster, or is there anything else to consider in there?
Gregory Rufus: It's the acquisition mix mostly.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: But AmSafe is not in there?
Nicholas Howley: There is nothing there for AmSafe.
Gregory Rufus: That's correct.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: So why would there be acquisition mix?
Gregory Rufus: We have Harco. We just acquired Schneller. Typically when we buy something, it's mathematically well mix down in that first year.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Right. But you've got a lot of that in the first quarter and I would have thought there would have been upside from those as you pulled some cost out?
Nicholas Howley: Harco was bought in the first week of December.
Gregory Rufus: We did tell you we had that unusual favorable pricing adjustment in our first quarter too, which distorts the first quarter in your analysis.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Right. Okay. On AmSafe, it's maybe too early for you to talk about this before you close, but is there potentially a non-core piece to it as there was with McKechnie? And obviously looking at the ground vehicle piece in particular, is that separable in theory maybe would be the right question. And then also on AmSafe, just to get this in, on Slide 39 of the deck for the lenders that you put out a few days ago, you have $25 million of amortization in there. Is that intangibles and is that going to change once you have readjusted the balance sheet?
Gregory Rufus : No. That won't change. That will go with us forward.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Okay. And the separability of the business?
Gregory Rufus: Yes. It's reasonably severable. We're undecided yet what we'll do with that. We're going to have to look at it and see what the market is for and see what we  how we feel about the prospects when we get right into the middle of it. It's a relatively small part of the value of the business. So we're not as intimately familiar with it as we are with the aerospace and military portion.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Okay.
Gregory Rufus: But it is  the answer is yes, it's separable.
Joe Nadol  JPMorgan: Perfect. Thank you.
Nicholas Howley: Not to get technical on the amortization. Thats part of that tax savings with the (inaudible) selection if you follow that other presentation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert with Wedbush. Please proceed.
Kenneth Herbert  Wedbush: Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to revisit McKechnie. Could you provide an update on where you stand? I know obviously you are  with the facilities and the reorganizations you are doing there and the broader progress relative to where you expect it to be at this point?
Raymond Laubenthal: Yes, the unit of McKechnie that saw the most facility closures and moves was the Electromech division and the Tyee move up in the  with Avtech. Both of those pretty much are completed. They are in the last call, I reported on that. The Avtech facility  our existing Avtech facility moves into the Tyee plant and that's all consolidated and we are marketing the Avtech property that hasn't sold yet. And then Electromech, we consolidated a bunch of units into their Mexico facility, but we had to move across town in Matamoros, Mexico because we outgrew the facility and all that work was done in the prior three quarters and completed last quarter, and that's running smoothly. We are happy with that.
Nicholas Howley: By and large I would say on the McKechnie business, it continues to meet or exceed our expectations when we bought it.
Kenneth Herbert  Wedbush: But it sounds like from the commentary you just gave that you would still characterize it as ahead of plan in terms of the actions and the improvements?
Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I would say it meets or exceeds our expectations, where we felt wed be today.
Kenneth Herbert  Wedbush: Got it. And then if I could on the aftermarket. Your book to bill this quarter of about one, does the guidance assume that that sort of holds at around the one rate for the rest of the year? Or does the guidance assume that you maybe see a point later on in the year where bookings maybe start to trail billings a little bit in any particular quarters. Is there any commentary you can make around that?
Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I can't say that. I mean we forecast the revenues, not the bookings. Generally they are way disconnected in the aftermarket because the turns aren't that long.
Kenneth Herbert  Wedbush: Okay, great. Thank you very much and great quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Callahan with Auriga Securities. Please proceed.
Michael Callahan - Auriga Securities: Thanks guys and a great quarter. I guess just a couple of questions about the organic growth rate here in the first quarter and I guess the delta between general market growth. You guys always seem to outpace that in general. I was curious, could you give us any insight as to I guess volume versus price on that 18% of price, like maybe a little bit bigger share than usual, just because you have so many acquired businesses that are all going through that, the price adjustment process?
Nicholas Howley: Well, we don't comment on our pricing. We just don't comment on that.
Michael Callahan - Auriga Securities: Okay. Well, Ill take a stab in a different way. Is it greater magnitude than other quarters?
Nicholas Howley: It is. We just don't comment on the pricing. Youre welcome to try again if you want.
Michael Callahan - Auriga Securities: No, Ill take two strikes. I guess another thing I was curious about, on the SG&A line, it seems like SG&A is drifting higher a little bit. I would presume there is a lot of acquisition related expenses that you are going through, and what not, pushing it higher. But as a normalized run rate, I guess how should we think about SG&A? Have some of the acquisitions may be added permanent costs to that or should we expect it to come back down a little bit?
Nicholas Howley: Well, your first assumption in the first quarter is exactly right. There was some severance costs and some transaction costs, I think it totaled about $3 million. Youll see that in the Q when we file that tomorrow. When you say what the normal run rate, it depends how you place it with the acquisition cost and accounting cost, because now you have to expense all those things, where a couple two years ago you could put them on the balance sheet. But if you took that out, you're just a little north, I think right around 11% or just south of 11% if you took out the acquisitions for the first quarter, and that's not terribly off from how we've been reporting for several years.
Michael Callahan - Auriga Securities: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Nick, I guess you detailed a lot here about the aftermarket and maybe what the trajectory is for the next couple of quarters. Can you comment on maybe how the order activity has been for sparing on sort of the 787, 747-8? If that's had an impact and maybe what you are expecting on that side going forward?
Nicholas Howley: I haven't seen anything significant on the 787. I don't know if we've seen anything Greg.
Gregory Rufus: The big initial provisioning, in fact we haven't seen that.
Nicholas Howley: We haven't seen that yet. Well, the 747. I don't
Gregory Rufus: 747-8.
Nicholas Howley: Yeah. It's not been significant. I can't say we didn't get anything. Frankly, it's a little hard to sort out from existing 747 orders. The answer to that one is I don't know whether we've got any, but I know it's not been significant.
Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc: Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the deal side, given AmSafe, is it fair to say you might be opening up the aperture a little bit looking for larger transactions? I mean even maybe expanding the margin profile given that AmSafe didn't quite have maybe EBITDA margins that you are historically used to. Just kind of how should we look at the deal pipeline? I mean, I guess, are we going to be seeing deals of a larger size going forward?
Nicholas Howley: The real answer to that is I don't know. Our criteria stays the same. We're looking for proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. I would tell you AmSafe, if you separate out the ground vehicle business, is pretty well right down the pike on that. The size  Michael, we deal with the sizes we see. The market, there are many more small businesses  there's many more businesses or many more transactions in the $50 million, $100 million range than there are in the $700 million, $800 million range. We deal with the ones weve got.
Gregory Rufus: Yeah. I mean, Harco came up, it was small.
Nicholas Howley: Yeah, we're not systematically changing what we're looking for.
Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc: Okay, thats fair. And then just structurally, I mean, it seems like EBITDA margins might be under pressure given this deal, given maybe OE revenues growing faster than aftermarket. So '13 we might see adjusted EBITDA margins be down a little bit from '12. Is that a fair assumption?
Nicholas Howley: We're not going to give guidance for '13 yet. But you can do the  the base businesses, I would say, we gave guidance where we kind of look like we are for the year and we gave you some rough numbers on AmSafe. So you can do some math there, right? When you add 25% to 50%, you get an average.
Gregory Rufus: Again, we don't manage to a margin. We manage to absolute dollars and value. So if the market mix changes, so be it. We're not going to do anything to manage our margin. We're doing it to manage the value.
Michael Ciarmoli  KeyBanc: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada. Please proceed.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Morning. Nick, how do we kick off with the slide on the guidance rate? You said you expect after market to be normal going forward. 
Nicholas Howley: To be what?
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Normal going forward. Are you referring to this sort of mathematical 6% to 7% or more like this 10% number for the full year?
Gregory Rufus: I'm not sure I follow the question. So let me repeat what we said. We said 10% for the full year, which if you do the math, if it was 18% or 19% for the first quarter, that solves the 7 percentage for the next three quarters, assuming they are all weighted equally and all that.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Do you see 7% as normal in inverted colors? Or is that just really impacted by the tough comps? Because that would seem to be the low versus what the
Gregory Rufus: I think more impacted by the tough comps. I would say what we're basically doing is we're sticking with our 10% for the year.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Okay. And then secondly
Nicholas Howley: Let me back up on that. I don't mean to imply that we think there is any structural change. The mix aftermarket go forward growth reflects 6% or 7% forever, rather than 5% plus price or something.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Yeah. And then on the capital front, obviously AmSafe a relatively large acquisition for you. Have you seen any change in your lenders in terms of their willingness and ability to lend you the amounts youre after or the rates you like given the capital constraints of banks?
Gregory Rufus : No, we have not. We have a very  I don't want to say easy, but ready access to the capital markets. So we could raise more than we need right now.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Is that something that worries you going forward or are you pretty comfortable with this still?
Nicholas Howley: Worries what, our need or ability to get it?
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Generally the situation the banks have there in these tougher capital requirements of the rest.
Gregory Rufus: I mean, obviously we  tougher capital requirements ultimately could squeeze down the market. I would tell you, we have so far have not frankly ever had difficulty accessing the capital markets, and we don't see any right now.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Great. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Yair Reiner  Oppenheimer: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. I want to ask you about the AmSafe acquisition. Can you give us a little more color about how the tax benefits layer in and how those impact reported earnings?
Nicholas Howley: Well, you won't see it in our effective tax rates. Those benefits will lower our cash taxes paid. We said the net present values right around $70 million. About $30 million, $35 million of that well recognize in the first two years. That might stretch over two of our reporting years, maybe three because we're going to buy it in the middle of our year. But over the first 24 months, I anticipate our cash taxes to be reduced by $35 million. But again you won't see that in any change to our effective tax rate.
Yair Reiner  Oppenheimer: Got it. Thank you. And then the question about the guidance for OEM growth. You've mentioned the 787 or the 747 are going to be major drivers. Maybe you can discuss which platforms will be responsible for the bulk of that growth? Thank you.
Nicholas Howley: I think the way to do that is we're pretty well spread across the platform. So if you look at the growth rates, the Boeing Airbus are projecting in a different platform. That roughly is reflective of the growth rate we're seeing in the platforms. The 787, frankly we don't know how many were going to ship this year or anybody does, but it won't make a big impact on the business. It's not a material impact. Anything in the range thats being talked about is an impact this year for us.
Yair Reiner  Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Yeah, I wanted to ask you Nick, I don't know if this is you or Greg, but especially I think Ray made a comment on the new acquisitions and the pricing there. But is it fair to say that you get the greatest increase from pricing in the first anniversary of an acquisition because of the initial price increases?
Nicholas Howley: I would say, Rob, as a general statement, though I think you have to be a little careful business by business, because it's somewhat of a function of whether theyve contracted for fixed periods of time. In general, that's right, but it's not right in every specific.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: The reason I'm asking, I'm not sure exactly how you calculate it. Youve talked about organic, reflects the same mix of businesses in the prior year quarter, I guess to true things up. So is what we're seeing here in Q1 some benefit of the price increases coming through from McKechnie and maybe for the other two? I know you bought McKechnie or you had closed in the first week of December.
Nicholas Howley: Yes, some.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: So is that a more significant contribution than it might be in a normalized quarter or you didn't have some large acquisitions in the prior year?
Nicholas Howley: You mean you're talking specifically about the aftermarket now, Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Im talking about the aftermarket and the fact that maybe what we're doing here in Q1 this year versus Q1 last year is comparing McKechnie on a pre-price increase and a post-price increase basis?
Gregory Rufus: In the prior quarter, we only effectively owned McKechnie for about two weeks.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Well, I know you bought it on December 6. But do you  in calculating your organic growth do you push it back at the beginning of the quarter?
Nicholas Howley: Yeah, there's probably some. I don't think it's a whole lot just in that period. But yeah, there's some.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Wanted to check on that. Thank you.
Nicholas Howley: Yeah, just by the math there is, Rob. There has to be, obviously.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Yumar Habib] with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Yumar Habib  JPMorgan: Thank you. One financial policy capital structure question. Can you walk us through your thought process in deciding in finance and acquisitions via the bank market versus the high yield market?
Nicholas Howley: This time it was  we wanted to do something relatively quickly. We had just restructured both our bank and high yield just a year ago, so the agreements were pretty fresh. And at the end of the day, the bank interest rate is quite a bit cheaper than the high yield. So at this stage, we elected to just go with the bank debt to go quick and we had agreements that were pretty fresh and it was pretty easy for us to execute.
Yumar Habib  JPMorgan: Thank you. Thats all I had.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Liza Sabol for any closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for participating on this morning's call and we expect to file our first quarter 10-K tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-11-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2011 TransDigm Group Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Virginia, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Todays event is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Liza Sabol with Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Sabol.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's Fiscal 2011 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our Website at transdigm.com. We also note that our Form 10-K will be filed tomorrow and also will be found on our Website. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during the call, which are not historical in facts are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available through the Investors section of our Website or through the SEC Commissions Website at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning, and thanks for calling in today to hear about our company. I will start off as usual with some comments about our consistent strategy. I will then given an overview of a busy fiscal year 11, then a summary of our financial and market performance in 11 and lastly some initial guidance for 2012. So, we have a fair amount to cover here today. To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability, staying and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases in the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons we believe this, and you can look at Page 4 of the slides now, about 90% of our net sales were generated by proprietary products, around three-quarters of our sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider, about 55% of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a much higher gross margin and have provided relative stability in the downtimes. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, running around 50% of revenue, and relatively low capital expenditure requirements, typically 2% or less of revenue, TransDigm has year-in and year-out generated very strong free cash flow. We pay close attention to our capital structure and view it as another means to create shareholder value. As you know we have in the past and continue to be willing to lever up opportunities or view our leverage as sub-optimum equity value creation. We typically begin to delever pretty quickly. We have a well-proven value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our three value drivers new business development; continue cost improvement; and value-based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methodologies. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets and has allowed us to continuously improve and increase the intrinsic value of our businesses, while steadily investing in new business and platform positions. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have been able to acquire and approve aerospace businesses through all phases of the cycle. In fiscal year 11 just ended, we acquired three businesses making up nine operating units for a total price of about $1.6 billion. Additionally about two weeks ago, we announced an agreement to acquire Harco Laboratories for about $84 million, this is subject still to HSR Antitrust Review. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a very clear acquisition strategy, and close attention to our capital structure, we have been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years in up and down markets. To summarize 2011 just quickly, it was a busy, hectic, but a good year. We created a lot of shareholder value and this was far and away our most active year for acquisitions. Now, I will give a little more color. In the first half of the year, we acquired the McKechnie business for $1.27 billion, our largest acquisition to date. McKechnie was a holding company with seven operating units. We raised $3.1 billion to both refinance our existing debt and pay for the McKechnie acquisition. We then acquired Talley Actuator business from Teleflex for about $93 million. We again refinanced the senior debt portion of our earlier financing, that was about $1.6 billion of our debt in order to drop the interest rate and to eliminate certain maintenance covenants. And lastly, we began to integrate the four major McKechnie units and the Talley businesses into TransDigm. We also have initiated three plant relocation consolidations and we sold the McKechnie Fastener businesses to Alcoa for more than we paid for them. In the second half of the year, we initiated a fourth plant relocation. We sold the McKechnie Distribution business to Satair. Satair is a public Danish distributor of aerospace parts. We also acquired Schneller for $288 million, our third largest acquisition, and we continue the integration of the six new businesses in TransDigm. All the while, we continue to generate real intrinsic value in our new and existing business and expand our operations to meet a rising market. As I said before, its a pretty busy year. Turning to our 2011 performance, I will remind you this is the fourth quarter and full-year report for our fiscal year 2011, our fiscal year ended September 30th, 2011. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by difference in the OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, transient inventory fluctuations, large seasonality and other factors. But by most in measure, fiscal year 11 was a good year for TransDigm. Our GAAP revenues were up 54% versus the prior Q4 and 46% on a full-year basis. Pro forma revenues, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses, was up 16% on a quarter versus fourth quarter basis, and on a full-year basis, organic growth was about 12%. Reviewing the revenues by major categories, again this on a pro forma basis versus the prior year, turn to slide 5 by the way if you are trying to track, this is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial markets, which make up about three-quarters of our revenue, in the commercial OEM area, commercial transport OEM revenues were up about 19% in the fourth quarter versus the prior Q4 and up about 16% on a full-year basis. This pickup primarily reflects the increasing airframe correction rates. Bookings continue to run modestly out of shipments in this sector. Q4 Business Jet OEM revenues were up about 30% versus the prior Q4 and up about 25% on a full-year basis, both versus a very depressed prior-year comps. Full-year bookings were modestly ahead of shipments. I will remind you that our Business Jet revenues in total are much lower than our commercial transport revenues. Our commercial aftermarket revenue was up about 21% versus the prior Q4 and 23% on a full-year basis. This level of growth is likely not sustainable. On a sequential basis, our commercial aftermarket revenue was about flat. Full-year bookings ran ahead of shipments, but softened a bit in Q4, hopefully, this is in a trend that time will tell. In the defense markets, which make up about a quarter of our revenue, we continue with the mixed picture. Revenues were up 2% on a quarter versus prior fourth quarter basis, and down about 2% on a full-year basis. Incoming orders are recently running a bit ahead of shipments. Almost 60% of our military revenues come from fixed wing or helicopter sector and freighter and tanker platforms. This 60% is close evenly split between these two categories. We are hopeful that these two more stable categories combined with our very broad base of other platforms will partially dampen the likely military spending slowdown. A few quarters not indicative of future trends, especially in defense, but we remain quite cautious about trends in the military market. In total for the quarter and the year, our revenues were a bit better than we anticipated. Moving on to profitability and now on a reported basis, I am going to talk primarily about our operating performance, our EBITDA As Defined. The major As-Defined adjustments for the cost associated with the large refinancings, that was about $70 million, and the acquisition-related costs and accounting resulted from the recent large acquisitions, that was about $30 million. Greg will discuss this in more detail. Our EBITDA As Defined of about $172 million for Q4 was up almost 49% from the prior Q4. The EBITDA margin was about 50% of revenues for Q4. On a full-year basis, our EBITDA margin was just about 49%. The full-year margin was also was almost back to the pre-McKechnie acquisition levels in spite of about a 2% dilution from the acquired businesses. This rapid margin recovery is the best indicator of the progress we are making, integrating the various new operating units. With respect to acquisitions, we continue actively looking at opportunities. There is pipeline of possibilities, mostly smaller. It seems a little lighter in the last few months, and that was before that, but this generally goes in fits and starts, so I dont draw any conclusion from that. Our closings are always difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities that meet our strict criteria. (Technical Difficulty) Now, when you will find this on slide 6. Let me start off by saying that there is considerable uncertainty in the overall economy and maybe even more so in military budgets. But we realized we need to put a stake in the sand, so here we go. For fiscal year 2012, this is our best current estimate in these uncertain times. We will adjust this guidance through the year if and when it looks appropriate. But based on the above and assuming no additional acquisitions, in other words also excluding Harco, 2012 guidance is as follows The midpoint of the 2012 reported revenue is $1.45 billion or up about 20% on a GAAP basis; the midpoint of the 2012 EBITDA As Defined is $715 million or up about 21% on a GAAP basis; EBITDA As Defined margins are anticipated to be close to or about 50% of revenues, this is almost back to the pre-McKechnie acquisition level; the midpoint of the EPS as adjusted is anticipated to be $5.51 a share or up about 23% versus the prior year. 2012 adjustments to EBITDA and EPS primarily reflect acquisition-related costs, non-cash compensation, and some dividend equivalency payouts. On a pro forma basis, this guidance is based on the following market assumptions. We assume that commercial transport revenue growth will be about 10% based on worldwide RPM growth in the 4% to 5% area. Due to apparent catch-up in fiscal year 11 in inventory and towards deferred maintenance, we may see some soft quarters during the year. For Business Jet aftermarket growth, we anticipate to be in the mid-single digit percent. Again, I remind you this segment is much smaller than the commercial transport segment. In the commercial OEM, we expect revenue growth in the mid-teen percent range, with commercial transport production rates generally as announced by Boeing and Airbus, 787 shipments in the range of 15 units in 2012 and 50 in 2013. This is all offset in part by both component inventory in the system as well as varying lead times for our products. Though not consistent across manufacturers, in total, we expect roughly comparable percent growth in our Biz Jet OEM revenues. In the defense and military revenue, we expect to see low-single digit percent declines. We are somewhat concerned that the economy may start to fall out. If this happens, we could see an impact on commercial aftermarket orders in shipments, and if so, we will adjust our guidance accordingly. Without any additional acquisitions or capital structure activity, we expect to have about $700 million of cash and $240 million of undrawn revolver at year-end 2012, our net leverage is anticipated to be about 4.4 times EBITDA on a gross basis, and about 3.4 on a net basis at the end of 2012. We will watch both the capital markets and the acquisition markets very closely through the year and determine when or if any capital structure activity is appropriate. In summary, 2011 was a good year. Hopefully, the economy will hold up and 2012 will be a good year also. But in any event, I am confident with our consistent value-focused strategy and our strong mix of business, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our investors. And now, let me hand this over to Ray Laubenthal, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will just give you some quick summary items for fiscal year 2011.
Ray Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total, we had a good fourth quarter and good finish to a very busy fiscal 2011. Our operating value drivers and acquisition integrations continue to add solid value, and let me explain our 2011 and fourth quarter operational value creation a little more detail. Again, this was a big year operationally. The rising market drove underlying pickup in operational activity and on top of this market growth, we piled on our biggest acquisition year ever. We acquired nine operating units, sold off three, netted six separate new businesses. Integrating these six businesses created a fully integration of value creation activity and let me add a little color on this. After acquiring the McKechnie businesses and the Talley Actuation products in our first quarter, we quickly went towards transitioning these businesses into the TransDigm value creation mode. As we have done with each prior acquisition, we restructured the businesses in the product line focused group and implemented our value creation metrics. We focused the engineering and new business efforts on viable and profitable new business. We tightened up the cost structure and we applied our value-based pricing and productivity processes at each new entity. Several of these newly acquired operations were consolidated with our existing operations. Over the remainder of 2012, we physically consolidated our Avtech business, with the acquired Tyee business in Everett, Washington. The physical move is now complete and we are in the process of marketing the former Avtech buildings and property. We also moved the Talley Actuation business across country from LA to our Aero Fluid Products group in Northeast Ohio. The electro-mech operations consolidated several Kentucky and Mexico facilities into a new expanded Mexican manufacturing facility in Matamoros, Mexico. We also consolidated our two Duke's Aerospace facilities acquired during 2010. We moved the Phoenix operations to the main Dukes facility in Northridge, California. All of these consolidation moves will generate productivity savings as they settle and mature over the next 12 to 24 months. Now, looking forward to 2012. Last quarter, we acquired Schneller. So far, this looks to be another good acquisition. We have just begun to transition our product line structure and metrics there. We also plan on consolidating their Florida facility with the main Kent Ohio manufacturing site. After some modest building expansion and some delay from the Cleveland winter, we expect this move will occur in next summer. I would like to switch gears and talk about our management team. These acquisitions drove a significant number of management structure changes Our continual emphasis on succession planning and talent development paid off well for us. We are able to populate most of the key management positions with internal candidates. These proven candidates are steeped in our value-focused culture and value creation processes. In Q1, we promoted Bernie Iversen to Executive Vice President. Bernie has been with us since our founding, performing well in a broad range of marketing, engineering and general management positions, most recently as President of the Champion Aerospace unit. Upon its promotion, we gave Bernie the oversight of five of our existing businesses. Our two other existing Executive Vice President, Jim Riley and Bob Henderson added the newly acquired units to their responsibility. We also added five new division Presidents, four of these were internal promotions. In all those division president level, we added 13 senior operational function managers, primarily at the new units, the majority of which were also internal promotions. We believe our succession planning and talent development system is working and we have a good pipeline of talented people exposed to our value creation methods and our defined training programs. We believe the availability of promotable internal talent and our consistent succession development process effectively complements our disciplined value creation methods and is the key to our ability to regularly acquire and integrate new businesses. Now, let me hand it over to Greg who will review the fourth quarter and 2011 financial results in more detail.
Greg Rufus: Thanks Ray and good morning again. I hope everyone have had an opportunity to read our press release, which were issued early this morning. Nick and Ray did a very good update of our business, the markets, and what lies ahead of us. I will focus primarily on our GAAP results for the fourth quarter compared to the prior fourth quarter, commenting on major line items with a little more color. Before I begin, please refer slide 7 for our quarterly financial results. Fourth quarter net sales were $343 million, up $119.9 million or 53.7% from the prior year. The increased sales growth includes $89.2 million as a result of the acquisitions of Semco which we acquired late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 and the McKechnie, Talley, and Schneller businesses we acquired during fiscal 2011. Aside from the robust growth from acquisitions, our organic sales growth was also very strong at 13.7% over the prior-year quarter. Each market channel contributed to this growth. $18.7 million came from commercial aftermarket sales, $6.7 million from commercial OEM, and for the fourth quarter, our organic defense sales also increased $3.9 million versus the prior-year quarter. Reported gross profit was $193 million or 56.3% of sales. The reported gross profit margin decreased by 3 percentage points versus the prior year; however, the dilutive impact from acquisition mix was approximately the 3 margin points in the quarter, of about half was due to acquisition-related startup costs and purchase accounting adjustments to inventory and the other half due to straightforward basic acquisition mix dilution which we have continually talked about. Selling and administrative expenses were 11.2% of sales for the quarter compared to 11.4% versus the prior year. The absolute dollars increased $13 million. The dollar increase is primarily due to incremental selling and administrative expenses related to acquisitions we have been discussing all along and higher non-cash compensation costs. Amortization of intangibles was about $9 million higher versus the prior year due to the acquisition activity during the current year. Net interest expense was $48.7 million, an increase of $21.7 million versus the prior-year quarter. This increase was primarily due to the McKechnie acquisition, which was financed entirely by debt in the first quarter of this year. At the end of the year, the weighted average interest rate on total borrowings with outstanding was approximately 6%. Our effective tax rate was approximately 33.6% for the fiscal 2011 year compared to 34.8% for fiscal 2010. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to non-recurring adjustments to our estimated deferred state tax positions along with an increase in research and development tax credits. Net income from continuing operations for the quarter increased $13.7 million or 27% to $64.3 million, which is 18.8% of net sales. The increase was primarily due to both organic and acquisition revenue growth, somewhat offset by higher interest expense and acquisition-related costs. Switching to earnings per share, and again, I would like to remind you that TransDigm uses the 2-class method for calculating EPS versus the more commonly used treasury method. The 2-class method has a slightly more dilutive impact of about 3% versus the treasury method. The GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.20 per in the current quarter versus $0.96 per share in the prior-year quarter. This is an increase of 25%. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.45, an increase of 42% compared to $1.02 per share last year. This percentage of increase more closely follows the quarterly improvement of EBITDA As Defined. The adjustments to GAAP from continuing operations totaled $0.25 per share which is comprised of acquisition-related cost of $0.17 per share and non-cash compensation cost of $0.08 per share. Income from discontinued operations of $3 million increased EPS $0.06 for a total GAAP earnings per share of $1.26 per share. The activity from discontinued ops was related to finalizing all of the tax activity from the divestitures made this year. Now, let me take a minute to quickly summarize the fiscal year on a GAAP basis. Net sales increased by 45.7% to $1.2 billion. As we have discussed, the increase in sales was primarily from acquisitions as well as over 12% organic growth, which includes flat defense sales for the year. Reported gross profit absolute dollars increased by 39.8% to $661.2 million, but decreased as a percent of sales to 54.8% from 57.2% in fiscal 2010 as a result of the 4 percentage points of dilution from acquisitions during the year which we have discussed. Selling and administrative expenses at 11.1% of sales in fiscal 11 compares favorably to 11.5% of sales in fiscal 2010. Also, earlier in the year, associated with the refinancing of our debt structure in quarter one, we recorded refinancing costs of $72 million which is unique to the year. Net interest expense increased $73 million, primarily due to the McKechnie acquisition financing which occurred in December 2010. GAAP net income of $172.1 million increased $8.7 million or 5.3% from FY 2010. Net income included $19.9 million of income from discontinued operations related to divestitures of the Fastener and the AQS business. GAAP full-year EPS under the 2-class method was $3.17 per share compared to $2.52 per share a year ago. On an adjusted basis, which primarily excludes the refinancing costs, acquisition-related costs, non-cash comp costs and dividend equivalent payments, earnings per share under the 2-class method finished the fiscal 2011 at $4.48 per share, up 33.7% from $3.35 per share a year ago. When comparing GAAP EPS from continued ops of $2.80 per share in the current year to adjusted net income of $4.48 per share, the difference of a $1.68 is comprised of the following items $0.90 for refinancing costs we have previously mentioned; $0.05 related to the dividend equivalent payment in the first quarter; $0.16 for non-cash compensation expense; and $0.57 for acquisition-related expenses including acquisition integration costs such as startup and acquisition expenses, inventory purchase accounting adjustments and backlog amortization. Switching gears to cash and liquidity, the company generated $260.6 million of cash from operating activities for our cash flow statement during fiscal year 2011. We closed the year with $376 million of cash on the balance sheet. We ended the year a net cash increase of $142 million as mentioned. Although we financed McKechnie with debt, we acquired Schneller and Talley Actuation from cash on the balance sheet. The companys net debt leverage ratio for fiscal year 2011 was approximately 4.3 times our pro forma EBITDA As Defined. As we look forward to fiscal 12., we estimate the midpoint of our GAAP EPS to be $5.11 and as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $5.51. The $0.40 in adjustments to bridge GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS includes the following assumptions $0.06 from dividend equivalent payments compared to $0.05 this year; $0.17 from non-cash option expense compared to $0.16 this year; and $0.17 of carry-forward activity for acquisition-related expenses from our reported acquisitions. Some additional assumptions in 2012 guidance are the effective tax rate will be approximately 35%; cash taxes to be slightly lower than our recorded tax expense; average interest rate is forecasted at approximately 6%. We also expect to generate an additional $325 million of cash. This would reduce our net leverage ratio to approximately 3.4 times EBITDA. These above assumptions do not include the impact of the anticipated Harco acquisition. In summary, FY11 was a hectic but very rewarding year. The combination of continued exceptional operational performance in our core businesses, the execution of our M&A strategy, the integration of acquired businesses into our culture, and the favorable financing and debt restructuring collectively summed up to a very good year for TransDigm and our investors. With that, let me hand it back over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I would ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. If you have further questions, I would ask that you re-insert yourself into the queue and we will answer those questions as time permits. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And your first question today comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland: Good quarter.
Nick Howley: Thanks Carter.
Carter Copeland: A couple of quick questions for you. The first one, Nick, I really appreciate the commentary on the aftermarket, and the bookings, and shipments. I wondered if you might give us a little color on how far out you can see in your current order book? Is this a sort of one to two quarters out is about the visibility you have got, and then beyond that we are kind of guessing?
Nick Howley: Yes. I think that's a fair point, one to two quarters. Surely no more than that.
Carter Copeland: Okay. And on the margin, I know there is a lot of moving pieces here, it sounded like the acquisition impact was  the dilution from the M&A was 4% for the year, but 3% in the quarter. And then I think you said McKechnie was 2% for the year. I am just looking at next year's margin, the EBITDA As Defined margin that you are showing as 49.3 at the midpoint, and you guys were north of 50 this quarter. And I am assuming that at least it looks like the trend in net acquisition dilution is going down and you think McKechnie would be even smaller next year. So, I am just wondering if part of this is mix between OE and aftermarket or part of it is just a little bit of conservatism, given what you can't see in the back half.
Nick Howley: Well, yes, and probably really, the answer is sort of all of the above. The things you can measure are, the OEM is growing faster than the aftermarket. And as you know, Carter, that naturally mixes it down a little bit.
Carter Copeland: Yes.
Nick Howley: In the defense, it is pretty good margin, and its  we are assuming it dropped a little. So, you have the same phenomenon going on there. You also have Schneller coming in, we just bought it at the end of the year. And Schneller comes in at a lower margin than the average and dilutes us down. Those are probably the two significant factors that sort of mitigate some of the underlying rise.
Carter Copeland: And do you have a sense, you said McKechnie was 2% for the year, do you have a sense of what you are expecting that dilution to be next year?
Greg Rufus: Carter, we had a couple of different measure points. This is Greg talking. When we said it in total of 4, it included both, what I will say, normal operating margins, but then don't forget during the year, we had to write up inventory, we had to write up backlog, and those what I would call purchase price accounting adjustments, accounted for the other two. So, your 4 is a combination of, what I would call, accounting and operational. So, sorry to confuse you there.
Nick Howley: But if you compare it to EBITDA 
Greg Rufus: As adjusted that we talk about  its about 2%, thats correct. So, hopefully that helps you a little bit there.
Carter Copeland: And next year  that does help it. And next year, how much do you anticipate that falling?
Nick Howley: We will continue to have some amortization from that and from other acquisitions. I think that was about $0.17 on an EPS basis. And quite frankly, we don't or we havent  we dont look or measure as McKechnie in total year-over-year. I mean, they are all going toward our value drivers and they are all improving their margin position. So, we lose that comparison pretty quick.
Greg Rufus: But Carter, I will just add. There are three things to think about, when you think about business. Again, the commercial OEM business is growing faster than, much faster than the defense business and faster than the commercial aftermarket, and that's the lowest margin. We do still have some residual from the McKechnie business, but that's getting better, but we have added the Schneller business also, and that's a significantly lower margin.
Carter Copeland: Thats great. Thank you very much for helping.
Greg Rufus: Those are the two things it sort of ends up almost  the increase in improvement is sort of offset by them and time will tell. We will see how that mix works out through the year.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thanks and congrats on a great year.
Greg Rufus: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: Good morning, guys.
Nick Howley: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Spingarn: Wanted to dig a little bit into the organic growth embedded in the guidance. When I do the math and I get a little twisted up between pro forma organic growth and regular organic growth, but I am coming up with about 7.5%. Does that sound right?
Nick Howley: That's kind of a low.
Greg Rufus: This is in for revenue?
Nick Howley: Organic growth 
Greg Rufus: And revenue you are talking about now?
Robert Spingarn: Yes, I am talking about revenue, and I am just assigning your guidance from slide 6 across the businesses. So, up mid-teens in OE to 
Nick Howley: We gave you the pieces in the mix, I just didn't do the math.
Robert Spingarn: Yes, I was doing the math, but maybe not quite right or maybe its how to treat, how you define organic, but Greg, do you think thats low 7.5?
Greg Rufus: I was thinking on an EBITDA space, I would have to see your math, because I dont want to send people off, because again we try to give you all the details here, Rob.
Robert Spingarn: Its the way we are assigning, x percent [ph] of the business is OE versus 
Greg Rufus: Let me give you the pieces again, Rob, and I think that and you can sort of assign the mix you want. Commercial transport aftermarket is about 10% up, business jet aftermarket mid-single digits. The commercial OEM business all of it is mid-teen percent up and defense is down low-single digits.
Robert Spingarn: We are talking 12.
Nick Howley: And what I want to say is 
Greg Rufus: And thats pro forma, thats all pro forma.
Nick Howley: I will check with Rob after the call, because when you do GAAP versus pro forma and you can get a little bobbed up.
Greg Rufus: But everything I gave him is our attempted same-store base.
Nick Howley: And thats the best way to look at our business.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Couple of things on that. How do we think about that units versus pricing, particularly with regard to the aftermarket business?
Greg Rufus: You know, Rob, you ask this question every quarter. And every quarter, we closed the pricing.
Robert Spingarn: But its a valid question.
Greg Rufus: Of course, its a valid question, and its a valid answer.
Robert Spingarn: Well, let me  in '11, did you say what the organic aftermarket growth was in '11? Now, you gave us a lot of terrific information there. But was it in there?
Nick Howley: I gave total. It was just aftermarket. The amounts I gave for organic for '11 was total.
Robert Spingarn: And you do that for aftermarket?
Greg Rufus: We gave you, we have given to you, it was 21%.
Robert Spingarn: Organic?
Greg Rufus: Yes, that was by our same-store.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. So, my question 
Nick Howley: Rob, just a second.
Greg Rufus: 21% on a quarter versus quarter basis, 23% on a full-year basis.
Robert Spingarn: Right. So, what are you showing?
Greg Rufus: And thats our best guess. Its same-store sales.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. You have got RPM growth at about 4% or 5%, just down a couple of hundred bps from this year, but commercial aftermarket growth is having from '11 to '12?
Nick Howley: Yes, thats right. I think I said in my comments, we don't think the 20% plus is sustainable.
Robert Spingarn: No, I see that, but it's very sensitive. You have talked about in the past being very correlated with that RPM growth.
Nick Howley: Yes, but Rob, as I think you know, in inflection points in the market, it disconnects. And in the downturn  sort of in the downturn year, it disconnects, in the upturn year, it tends to disconnect.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. I will leave it with that. I guess I am hoping that aftermarket guides are little conservative.
Nick Howley: Yes. I will say, we are clearly  we have some concern about the economy. And where you will see that, if the economy softens a little, where you will see that first is in commercial aftermarket revenues.
Greg Rufus: You know, where we could be a little bobbed up to, we are talking about total organic growth here. That includes our defense, as we call it, flat. We have been focusing on commercial.
Nick Howley: Specifically talking to me, I am specifically talking 
Robert Spingarn: Yes, I am trying to isolate the commercial aftermarket.
Greg Rufus: All right. But those inventory swings are going to system.
Robert Spingarn: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joe Nadol: Hi, good morning.
Greg Rufus: Good morning.
Joe Nadol: One more question on that aftermarket. Since you do have, combining the prior two questions, since you do have one or two quarters of visibility, I know you have been running over slightly above 20% commercial aftermarket organic growth, all year in '11, do you have visibility for that to decline all the way to 10% in Q1, or are you basically saying it's going to start to slide, and you have more concerns about the back half of the year?
Nick Howley: I think we will just leave our guidance for the year where it is. We don't give quarterly guidance.
Joe Nadol: Okay. Turning to the margins, I guess a couple of things. There is obviously some major muscle movements that happened during this year, with McKechnie coming and diluting early in the year, and then taking a lot of cost out and getting those margins up through the year. As we think about seasonality in the business, is it fair to say that maybe Q4, you know, putting aside the acquisition impact, as we think about as adjusted EBITDA margins, that there really isn't a heck of a lot of seasonality, and that this past year was just  really just impacted by McKechnie?
Nick Howley: I would say, no, there is not a lot of seasonality in the business. The impacts in margins, typically, when you look at this business and this year is no different, it's impacted by two things primarily, the OEM aftermarket mix in that particular quarter and acquisitions. That's what impacts it. And usually when you see a point or two swing, when you strip out the acquisition impact, it's almost exclusively the aftermarket OEM mix generally.
Joe Nadol: On that point and just finally, if you look at Q4 in isolation, your growth margins were flat if you exclude the impact of acquisitions, because you were down 300 bps and you said that was all acquisitions, half operational and half mix. And since your commercial aftermarket growth was so strong in Q4, why weren't margins  why werent organic margins, if you will, up a little bit in the quarter?
Greg Rufus: I lost all of that, I dont know the question.
Nick Howley: I don't know, if you are coming up from prior year sequentially.
Joe Nadol: Margins were flat, gross margin year-on-year in the quarter, if you strip out the acquisition impact, because you were down 300 bps you said, that was all acquisitions. And so as this mix improved year-on-year, because your aftermarket growth was so strong, why weren't margins up a little bit?
Greg Rufus: As we have said, we are always cautious on straight quarter-to-quarter pure comparisons. When we discussed last year's fourth quarter, it was a record quarter, which we said all the stars were aligned and this isn't sustainable. Having said that, our full-year margins have improved year-over-year, and we are pretty proud about that.
Joe Nadol: Okay, all right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hi, good morning guys. Nice quarter. Thanks for taking my questions.
Greg Rufus: Thanks.
Michael Ciarmoli: Just a follow-up still on this aftermarket growth. Nick, the growth rate last year or even next year, was there any provisioning for the 787 or 747-8 that, that added to the growth or that is expected to add to growth for 2012?
Nick Howley: Yes, thats a good question. It's hard to say there was none in 2011, but I don't know there was nothing significant and I can't think of any. And there was surely nothing of any significance that's impacting that number much. In 2012, we really have not considered provisioning orders. They are awful difficult to predict. They are very dependent on when airlines buy, you know, and who provisions and who doesn't when they buy. You might have some upside on that.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. And then, just on the softness in the bookings. I mean, are you seeing or can you break that down geographically? I know if you look at certainly what the U.S. carriers, European carriers are saying about capacity plans for next year. I think Lufthansa had some pretty significant cuts and it seems like the only reason some capacity is even increasing modestly is from new deliveries coming online, but are you seeing specific areas of softness in certain geographies, or you don't have that kind of visibility?
Nick Howley: I dont. As I sit here, I don't know if I can give you any specifics on that. My general sense is we saw softening almost everywhere. Not softening, I will say flattening is a better way to put it. And I also would say I would not draw a lot of conclusion from that. Couple of months particularly in booking space, when you are running hot, pumping in a whole lot, but you would rather, you would pump hard to see it, often flat. But I wouldnt draw much from that. I would say if we come talk to you next quarter and say the same thing, then I would be starting to draw more of a conclusion.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. Thats helpful. And then the last one, your defense expectations for next year, what are you assuming pricing-wise? I mean, do you have to reign back on your pricing policies with the defense? Can you give us any color there in terms of what, I am assuming you are getting pressured on price increases from the defense end market?
Nick Howley: Yes, I would say there is always some pressure there and it always has been. I don't anticipate any significant change in our procedure, in our pricing policies.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. All right. Thats helpful. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Hi, good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning, Myles.
Amit Mehrotra: Its actually Amit Mehrotra here for Myles Walton. Can you just give us some impact on revenues in 2012 from divestitures, fasteners and AQS? What impact that has to divestitures in 2012?
Greg Rufus: Minimal. We didn't own the fasteners for about 45 days during our fiscal year. And the AQS wasnt that big. It's obviously excluded from our guidance already in 2012, but the year-over-year, wasn't that big. In fact, actually you don't even see it because of discontinued 
Nick Howley: I thought we had that discontinued.
Greg Rufus: We discontinued (inaudible) for both years.
Nick Howley: Yes, so its not neither of the numbers.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. And then just looking, Nick, it looks like you guys are going to end 2012 with about $600 million of cash, and that's pro forma for the Harco expenditures?
Nick Howley: The $700 million I gave you and back drop 80 [ph].
Amit Mehrotra: Right. And how long do you think you will wait for the pipeline to fill up before you make any more cash deployment decisions?
Nick Howley: I just don't know. I mean, as you know, in the past, we have moved on that when it made sense. It's very hard to say. We will watch the capital markets, we will watch the acquisition markets, and we will sort of make our call-by-call, almost a quarter-by-quarter call on that.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. And just last question on the defense market guidance, can you give us some color on the growth assumptions you have for both the aftermarket and the OE within defense?
Nick Howley: No, we just give the one. I would say, one of the issues always in the defense is it's a little harder to separate them out, because more of the aftermarket then happens in the commercial business, more of it sort of sneaks through the OEMs and sometimes it's harder to sort out. That's why we have given this one number.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. Thats fine. All right. Thanks guys, good quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Leake with BB&T Capital Markets.
Carter Leake: Thanks for taking my question. On the guidance on defense, you say you are quite cautious and we can all guess why, but can you tell, is this related more to just general macro concerns on super committee or are you looking at specific ops tempo trends on legacy platforms?
Nick Howley: All right. It's mostly just concern about the overall budget. It all depends on spending. I would say it's not  in fact, as we try to give you a little sense, if you take the helicopter or helicopter/fixed-wing platforms, and the tanker transport platforms, which are probably, I think most people would say about this, maybe the most stable. That's about 60% of our business. So, that makes us feel okay. But we can't buy the fact that we are very uncertain, it's the way the spending levels go. And I would mostly describe it as, we are concerned about the receding tide drops all ships sort of a phenomenon.
Carter Leake: So, what would it be in a negative super committee scenario, the 60% I agree with you, I think we all feel comfortable with those platforms. Any color on what it would be, specifically to TransDigm that we could look to? What in super committee discussions, if it went against us, would concern you?
Nick Howley: Carter, I have no idea how to  I just have no idea how to call that.
Carter Leake: Okay.
Nick Howley: We sort of looked at everything we see now, everything we know now, we found our operating units take their best guesstimates and we tried to sort of put on a little bit of judgment to it at the corporate level, and this is sort of the best number we can come up with now. But I will tell you, if you ask me what my level of certainty around it is, I would say not real great. If you wanted to tell me it was 5% more than I said or 5% less than I said, I wouldn't argue with it. Thats all I know.
Carter Leake: Okay. Let me just ask this, because we have already had several questions on aftermarket, organic aftermarket growth and I would still will have to go through machinations to get there. Is there any way that we could request that we do get some kind of a much clear organic, at least year-over-year organic growth rates on commercial aftermarket OE and military at least for just putting the request and rather than us doing sort of backwards math and stuff? Is there any ?
Nick Howley: We gave it to you. Didnt I? I am trying to follow 
Carter Leake: I don't know. You can tell by the questions. Sometimes it is difficult in getting to true organic rates, but maybe I am 
Nick Howley: You mean, you want to  are you asking if we will strip the price out?
Carter Leake: Yes, just you would have a table, I mean 
Nick Howley: We dont know. We don't disclose our pricing, but I can go back through, I mean, if that's unclear, I can go back through our organic growth rates for 2012.
Carter Leake: Let's do it. I know it's probably trying a long trend for us.
Nick Howley: What we gave you is pro forma, same-store, its our best shot in organic growth.
Carter Leake: And then let's just do it again, one more time for commercial aftermarket OE and military, just want to print it one more time.
Nick Howley: Okay. Commercial transport aftermarket, which is the big bulk of our aftermarket, 10%. Just for one second. Is this one on the slides?
Greg Rufus: Slide 6.
Nick Howley: I thought it was on one of the slides.
Carter Leake: If it's all out on slide 6, you dont need to go through it.
Nick Howley: Thats why I am just going to read again.
Carter Leake: Okay, all right. Because if its on slide 6, my fault. All right, thats all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hugel with Stephens Incorporated.
Eric Hugel: Hi, good morning guys. Good quarter.
Nick Howley: Good morning. Eric Hugel  Stephens Incorporated Can you talk about, your defense numbers were up 2% in the quarter, they have been down all year. Was there something that just hit or can you sort of talk about or sort of what drove that or is it just timing versus last ?
Nick Howley: I wouldnt draw any conclusion. I would just, I would call that random fluctuation of the data.
Eric Hugel: All right. With regards to, you went through the adjustments that you were expecting, I guess the dividends and the non-cash and the acquisition. Is there any sort of specific timing that we should sort of think about? I know the dividend equivalency you think hits in the first quarter, but what about the other, the two $0.17, the non-cash? Should we spread those out evenly or are there timing items in there?
Greg Rufus: You are right. The dividend thing is the first quarter. The non-cash compensation is ratable over the year, and the acquisition stuff is going to be front-end loaded, most of it done by the first six months. Because some of it is tied to acquisition, as you got to peel off inventory off of an inventory toward backlogs 12 months. So, it's going to be front-end loaded.
Eric Hugel: Okay. And your 35% tax rate, is that assuming or does it even matter for the R&D tax credit extension?
Greg Rufus: That includes the  no, for the extension. We don't include the extension when we do that, do we? Yes, not until its passed by law.
Eric Hugel: So, if it was passed, what would be the benefit that you would get?
Nick Howley: Less than $1 million right now as we look at next year.
Eric Hugel: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Chung [ph] with Rudman Capital. And Mr. Chung, your line is open.
Errol Rudman: Hello, this is Errol Rudman for Chris Chung. I wanted to ask what the  could you give us an estimate of, you give us an estimate of what the revenues are in the quarter from the acquisitions, because you gave unit growth, but can you give us an indication of what the margins were on the acquisitions?
Nick Howley: Errol, this is Nick. We don't break that out, but I think you can see the margins on the acquisitions are moving up, because we averaged down when we bought them, and we are starting to come pretty close to approaching the margins on our full business before we made all these acquisitions, but we don't break them out separately.
Errol Rudman: Yes, perhaps the question is to understand better how much room or how much potential there is of those acquisitions to get to the corporate average?
Nick Howley: Yes, there is more. They are not used out yet.
Greg Rufus: Errol, this is Greg. I would like to point out that our goal when we make an acquisition isn't to get it to the corporate averages, our goal is to whatever we buy, it is to create the shareholder value. So, in an absolute or a theoretical example, here I would love to buy something thats 5% or 10%, and if I took it to 35% or 40%, we would all be happy. So, we don't have a firm goal to say, whatever we buy has to get through a TransDigm average, our goal is whatever we buy has to create shareholder value.
Errol Rudman: I understand, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert with Wedbush.
Ken Herbert: Hi, good morning everybody.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Ken Herbert: Just wanted to ask a question on the original equipment guidance for the year. You talk about obviously margins being impacted by the greater mix and up mid teens, can you talk then, Nick, about the visibility you have in this segment? It seems like the initial outlook, specifically on the 787 certainly seems to be lower than what Boeing is talking about in terms of shipments that they try and ramp production, even if I apply a fairly significant haircut to what they talk about. How does the visibility look and what are you seeing on the original equipment side heading into 2012?
Nick Howley: Yes, let me separate the 787 from the rest of the commercial transport business. The rest of the commercial transport business, we have a fair amount of visibility. As opposed to the aftermarket, whereas I think it was Carter Copeland who started off and asked me whether he had one or two quarters of visibility, and I said, surely, no more than that. In the OEM world, and again, I am separating 787, we have more like three to four quarters of visibility. We are pretty well locked in. So, if you separate out the 787, we know it pretty well  you know, absent some disruptive event that makes everybody slow down. The 787 frankly, we are just wary. We have had so many false numbers over the last four or five years, and we are unsure exactly how much inventory there is in the system, or how much they are going to leave in the system, it makes it a little bit difficult call. Now, that's the bad news on it. The good news on it is particularly at the beginning of the program like that, you don't make a whole lot of money. So, whether you call it wrong by 5 or 10 or 15 airplanes, is not going to make much a difference in the answer this year.
Ken Herbert: Okay. So, I know the bigger scheme of things, it's a very small piece of the pie.
Nick Howley: Yes, thats right.
Ken Herbert: Yes. So, it sounds like then, good visibility on the legacy of the mature Boeing programs.
Nick Howley: And Airbus.
Ken Herbert: And Airbus of course as well certainly. Can you give any, perhaps bookmark or way to think about how opportunities are for your content on the OE side, in your discussions with Boeing, specifically on the 737 MAX?
Nick Howley: I think its too early to really say much about that. There is not much we can say. In general, which 787  which plane did you say again?
Ken Herbert: The MAX, the new narrow-body.
Greg Rufus: The new one.
Nick Howley: Not the re-engine, new brand though.
Ken Herbert: Its a re-engine.
Nick Howley: Yes. Okay. I didn't know that you were making a distinction between a re-engine and a brand new airplane. A brand new airplane, I am going to say I have no idea. On the re-engine one, in general, this isn't 100% true, but in general, as much as possible, they try and stick with the suppliers they have on a base platform. So, you would expect to be fairly close and maybe hopefully pick up a little. But in general, it isn't a big disruptive event. That's probably about the best I can say.
Ken Herbert: Okay, great. But I would imagine though that as on these mature programs, you have got opportunity for margin improvement over the course of the year from the existing businesses? Correct?
Nick Howley: I am not sure whether it's unique to the mature programs or not. But we generally between the mix of pricing and cost reduction, we generally think we have margin expansion opportunities almost everywhere.
Ken Herbert: Okay. I was trying to make more of a distinction between the established versus, say the 787?
Nick Howley: Because their volume is going up?
Ken Herbert: Exactly. Volume versus cost and productivity.
Nick Howley: Yes, I really wouldn't get too hung up on the 787. It isn't a big deal. It's not going to impact the 2012 number much, no matter what happens to it.
Ken Herbert: Okay, perfect job. Thanks again and a great quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter: Hello and good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Greg Halter: You provided some commentary on tax rates and so forth. Just wondering what your thoughts are on the share count for fiscal '12?
Nick Howley: Share count? It is  I dont think, Greg, I dont have that memorized.
Liza Sabol: It was 53.9 million.
Nick Howley: For next year also? And where is that, what page is it? It's a small amount that its going to go out.
Liza Sabol: So, the amount is going to be 53.9 million.
Nick Howley: We have to make an assumption of people exercising options, but it's not a material increase.
Greg Halter: All right. And the previous questions, I think was surrounding the organic growth on Page 6, and is that what the question was? Was it fiscal '11 or fiscal '12, because I think '12 is what is presented on Page 6 of the presentation?
Nick Howley: Yes, Page 6 is 12.
Greg Halter: Okay.
Nick Howley: Now, page  I dont know these pages, but Page 5 is '11.
Greg Halter: Okay. And I know you have approved a share repurchase program, just curious if you bought any in the quarter?
Nick Howley: Yes. A small amount is kicking under that program, very small. We are talking fourth quarter, right?
Greg Halter: Correct.
Nick Howley: Yes, fourth quarter, yes. It was a small amount. You will see it all in tomorrow's Q, but it was a small amount.
Greg Rufus: Yes, very small.
Greg Halter: And for the year fiscal 11, what were the international revenues to the total, if you have that?
Nick Howley: What I tell most people is, when you look at the GAAP numbers, the GAAP numbers reflect the destination of the sale. The best example is, if we sell to Airbus, it looks like the sale going to Germany and France, but then Airbus sells back to the United States and everywhere. If you want to think about how our sales are, you have to look at where the installed base is across the world, because that's ultimately where our sales are consumed and our products are consumed. And I know that's a tough answer because when you look at our GAAP statements, we look like we are predominantly selling within the States, but when you sell to Boeing, Boeing exports to Singapore. So, think of our sales as the installed base.
Greg Rufus: Yes, and the other way to make that even more obvious is, Aviall through Boeing is one of our biggest customers. A vast majority of those sales get recorded, and so it's going to Dallas, Texas. Almost none of that ends up in Dallas, Texas, it ends up all over the world.
Greg Halter: Okay. And one last one, what are your expectations for capital spending for fiscal '12?
Greg Rufus: Fiscal '12 will be right around 2%, just a bit under. You know, we range between 1.5% and 2%, and we think we will be closer to the 2% than the 1.5% for fiscal 12.
Greg Halter: Thank you very much.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Joe Nadol.
Joe Nadol: Thanks. Yes, just a couple of these. You noted that 60% of defense sales were fixed-wing helicopter and tanker transport, what's the other 40%?
Nick Howley: Very, very broad range of platforms. We are on almost everything.
Joe Nadol: Right. I mean, that includes almost everything, except for unmanned. Is this ground vehicles, is this ?
Nick Howley: No, it doesnt. Doesnt include any fighters.
Joe Nadol: Okay. I thought that was fixed-wing, okay.
Nick Howley: Fixed-wing, I mean, helicopters and fixed-wing  did I say fixed, I am sorry. I didn't mean to, I apologize  I meant helicopters and rotary wing. If I said fixed-wing, I am sorry, that confused everybody.
Joe Nadol: No, not at all. It could have been my mistake. The second follow-up though is, at the same time, you guys are 
Nick Howley: Let me just brief that again for everybody, because I am looking at my script. I said fixed-wing and helicopter, I meant rotary wing and helicopter, helicopters, and freighters and tankers.
Joe Nadol: Okay, thats helpful. The second thing is a bit more strategic. Nick, going into the last, into this downturn a few years ago, you guys were very quick to react to the financial crisis, etcetera, and you said you are cautious going into next year in the economy. There's a lot of uncertainty, but you are growing a lot, you are investing a lot, you are making all these acquisitions, you are promoting all these people, and at the same time, you are cautious. I know that we are looking for a nice growth next year and everything, but I am just wondering where you put your caution level on the spectrum of thinking about three years ago?
Nick Howley: We are nowhere near that numbers yet. But I would say, when Ray talked about the promotions, and that is mostly to fill holes that we found in acquisitions. In other words, that's not new hires, that's replacements. I would say in general, on adding costs and adding people, we are wary. Frankly, we are trying to be as careful as we can on that right now, just buy time, to see how things develop.
Joe Nadol: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Michael Ciarmoli.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hi, thanks. Nick, what are you anticipating from Schneller for next year? I know you guys had it for, I guess it was maybe just about a month. It's fair to say that's going to add about $70 million or so for the full year?
Nick Howley: I think we dont disclose that, but I think we gave the revenue? Didn't we? And as you know Michael, we only owned it for two weeks, something like that. So, you can do the math.
Michael Ciarmoli: All right. Perfect.
Nick Howley: There is a little market growth, but you could do the math and come close.
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer portion of today's event. I would like to turn the call back over to management for some closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for participating on this morning's call. And just as a reminder, we expect to file our 2011 10-K no later than tomorrow.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-08-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Raymond Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer W. Howley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gregory Rufus - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary Liza Sabol - 
Analysts: Kenneth Herbert - Wedbush Securities Inc. Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co. Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc. Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities, Inc. Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 TransDigm Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Keith, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, to Ms. Liza Sabol, Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's Fiscal 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Financial Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A presentation is available at our website, www.transdigm.com, together with our press release, provides the basis for most of our remarks. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next 2 weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, including statements about our guidance are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or through the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically, EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release and at the end of the slide presentation for reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
W. Howley: Good morning, and thanks for calling in to hear about our company. As usual, I'd like to start with some comments about our consistent strategy, as well as our current sense of the status of the aerospace market as it applies to our company, and I'll also give a short description of our recently announced acquisition of Schneller -- or contract signing for Schneller. To reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistently and its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons we believe this, about 90% or more of our sales were generated by proprietary aerospace products, and most of our net sales come from products for which we are the sole source provider. About 55% of our revenues, and a much higher percent of our EBITDA, come from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have produced relative stability through the cycles. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, typically in the high 40s to 50% of revenue, and relatively low capital expenditures, 2% or less of revenue, TransDigm has year in, year out generated very strong free cash flow. We pay close attention to our capital structure, and we view it as another means to create shareholder value. As you know, we have been in the past and continue to be willing to lever up when we either see good opportunities or view our leverage as suboptimum for equity value creation. We typically begin to de-lever pretty quickly. We have a well-proven value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our 3 value drivers. Those are new business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methods. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets, and has allowed us to continually increase the intrinsic value of our business while steadily investing in new business and platforms. We have also been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have acquired 36 such businesses, including 21 since our IPO in 2006. We have been able to acquire and improve proprietary aerospace businesses through all phases of the cycle. Through our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, clear acquisition strategy and a close attention to our capital structure, we've been able to create intrinsic value for our investors for many years through up and down markets. As you may have seen, we recently announced the execution of a contract to buy Schneller LLC, for $288 million. The close is subject to typical closing conditions and regulatory approvals, but if all goes smoothly, this should close before our fiscal year end of September 30. We will utilize cash on our balance sheet to close this transaction. Schneller is headquartered in Kent, Ohio and is one of the very few companies in the world that design and supply highly engineered laminates, primarily for commercial transport airplanes. The proprietary nature of the product, the significant aftermarket content and the well-established platform positions fit well with our strategy. Schneller's products are on almost all of the Boeing and Airbus planes in service, as well as a high percentage of the regional jet fleet. Business is about 2/3 Commercial Aftermarket with the balance from Commercial OEM. For calendar year 2011, revenues are currently running in the mid-$80 million per year range, with EBITDA margins in the mid-30% range. We see upside in both the margins and the revenue. I can't say much more about this business at this time until we own it and also, because we have a confidentiality agreement until such time as we own it. The first 3 quarters of our fiscal year were active in the M&A area. In Q1, we closed on both the acquisition of McKechnie for approximately $1.25 billion, and the Teleflex Actuator business known as Talley Actuation for about $93 million. In the second quarter, we completed the divestiture of the McKechnie Fastener businesses to Alcoa for about $240 million on a pretax basis. In Q3, we completed the sale of the small McKechnie Distribution business to Satair for $30 million, again, on a pretax basis. This completed our divestiture activities related to the McKechnie acquisition. The remaining businesses fit well with our business strategy. As I already mentioned in Q4, we also announced the definitive agreement to purchase Schneller for $288 million. As of July 2, after closing on both divested businesses, we have about $550 million of cash and about $240 million in undrawn revolver. Additionally, since we made a large tax and interest payment in Q3, we expect to generate about $100 million in operating cash in Q4. We also have more capacity under our credit agreement. Our net debt to EBITDA is now a little under 4.5x. And as in the past, absent acquisitions or other capital market activity, we will continue to de-lever. As we mentioned last quarter, we repriced our $1.6 billion of bank debt, and we're able to make a meaningful reduction around 1% on the interest rate through a mix of lower LIBOR floor and reduced spread. We're also able to eliminate the 2 maintenance covenants: Interest coverage and net leverage. In Q3, we also instituted a debt swap for hedging activity to convert more of our floating rate debt to fixed rate debt.  With respect to our underlying markets, and you'll see Slide 5, market outlook is mixed but surely more positive than negative. We continue to see clear signs of an improving commercial aerospace market although defense market remains much less clear. In the commercial OEM sector, industry forecasters and airframe manufacturers continue to be optimistic regarding the commercial transport OEM production cycle. As I've said before, by historic measures, this has been an unusually moderate downturn. Commercial transport rate increases are proceeding, if not accelerating, at both Airbus and Boeing. We still expect minimal, if any, 787 shipments for TransDigm in our fiscal year 2011. In general, though very platform-specific, the overall biz jet OEM market appears to have stabilized and may be picking up a bit. In the commercial aftermarket, we continue to see mostly positive data from worldwide passenger traffic, our incoming orders and other items. The oil prices and worldwide instability bare watching, so far at least, still do not appear to be meaningfully impacting our business. This quarter, we again saw significant year-over-year increases in our aftermarket revenues. Incoming orders or bookings continue to run above shipment levels in the aftermarket and well above the prior year's levels. And inventory in our major distributors appears to generally be in line. In the Defense business, many uncertainties around defense budgets and recent trends, we are planning on a modest decline in this segment for fiscal year 2011. This can be tough to predict especially given the current U.S. political winds and the worldwide geopolitical situation. Now let me turn to our latest financial performance. I'll remind you this is the third quarter for fiscal year 2011. Our fiscal year started October 1 and ends September 30. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in the OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, trends in inventory fluctuations, modest seasonality and other factors. But in any event, our third quarter performance was strong. Our GAAP revenues were up 52% versus the prior Q2 and 43% on a year-to-date basis. Organic revenue was up about 13% on a quarter-versus-quarter basis. This is the fifth quarter in a row of year-over-year organic growth, in spite of a decline in military revenues.  Reviewing the revenues by market category and again, this will be on a pro forma basis versus the prior year, this is [ph] that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, commercial OEM revenues were up 20% versus the prior quarter and 15% on a year-to-date basis. Quarterly commercial transport and business jet OEM revenues, our revenue growth percents, were both up in the high teens to mid-20s compared to both the prior Q3 and on a year-to-date basis. The commercial aftermarket revenue was up about 25% on a Q3-versus-Q3 basis and up about 23% on a year-to-date basis. The revenues are also up sequentially. For the quarter, business jet aftermarket revenues were up in the high-teen percent versus last quarter. The commercial transport aftermarket was up in the high 20s. Commercial aftermarket bookings continue to run ahead of shipments. In the defense market, which makes up around 30% of our revenue, the picture was less positive. The revenues are down about 2% on a quarter-versus-quarter basis and down about 3% versus the prior year-to-date. Incoming orders were soft this quarter and now on a year-to-date basis are just about even with shipments. We remain cautious about trends in this area. In total for the quarter, our revenues were a bit better than we expected. Moving to profitability and now on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. The major year-to-date as defined adjustments are related to the McKechnie acquisition, the divestitures and the large financing in the first half of the year. Our EBITDA as defined of about $161 million for Q3 is up around 53% versus the prior Q3 and the $418 million year-to-date is up about 41% versus the prior year. The EBITDA as defined margin is almost 50% for the quarter and 48% on a year-to-date basis. The quarterly margin is approaching our pre-McKechnie margins. Our quarterly EBITDA margin versus prior year is negatively impacted by about 2% from the dilutive impact of the acquisitions. Q3 continues to be a busy time for our operating team, and Ray is going to expand on that a little. After 8 months of ownership, the McKechnie integration is on track. And the businesses, with some puts and takes, generally look as good if not better than we expected. With respect to acquisitions, we continue looking at opportunities. We're pretty busy in the first part of the year, closing, restructuring and buying. The pipeline is in decent shape. We are clearly seeing more activity. The closes are difficult to predict, but we remain disciplined and focused on value-creation opportunities that meet our criteria. Now regarding the fiscal year 2011 guidance, which is on Slide 6, as you can see from our press release, we increased our guidance from that given before the Investor Day. The significant pluses are the improved operating performance at both the overall McKechnie businesses and our base business and to a lesser extent, a modest reduction in the full year estimated tax rate of 35%. Based on all the above, we are again increasing the midpoint of our EPS as adjusted guidance by $0.21 a share from $4.05 to $4.26 a share. This again is primarily due to improved operating performance with some other modest puts and takes. We now expect revenue for TG to be about $1.2 billion or up $10 million from our Investor Day guidance. This assumes no additional acquisitions, but does reflect the divestiture of the Fastener and Distribution business. 2011 EBITDA as defined is now anticipated to be in the range of $582 million a year, up about $5 million from our previous Investor Day guidance. EBITDA as defined margin is now expected to be about 49% of revenue for the full year. Margin increase is due to a combination of higher commercial aerospace volumes, a slightly better mix, in addition to improving operations at the McKechnie and the base businesses. Compared to 2010, we are now planning on full year commercial aerospace OEM revenues to be up in the mid- to high-teens. In the commercial aerospace aftermarket, we are planning on revenue growth versus the prior year to be up in the low 20%, that's based on worldwide traffic up 5% to 6% and some restocking or deferred maintenance recovery. For defense revenues, we now anticipate year-over-year revenues to be modestly down. The first 3 quarters of 2011 were good. The commercial aftermarket continues to recover nicely, and the defense markets still remain unclear. In any event, I'm confident that by focusing on our consistent strategy, we can continue to create intrinsic value for our shareholders through good and bad times. With that, let me hand this over to Ray Laubenthal who will give you a little color on our operations for the quarter. Ray?
Raymond Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. Overall, we had a busy third quarter, with good operational results. In addition to the continued commercial market recovery, we are quite busy with the acquisition transitions and plant consolidations. At our operating units, we also continue to diligently work our value drivers, and we continue to create shareholder value. Let me explain our third quarter acquisition integration and operational activities in a little more detail, as summarized on Slide 7. Acquisition transition works continues to progress favorably. Recall, last quarter I reported we had 4 plant consolidations occurring in various stages. We just completed 2 of these consolidations. In June, we consolidated our production facility located in Mesa, Arizona and the Dukes facility located in Northridge, California. In July, we physically moved the Talley acquisition business that was -- Actuation business, excuse me, that was located in Simi Valley, California to our Aero Fluid's group in Painesville, Ohio. Both of these consolidations will generate real productivity savings under their lower cost structure, once they work through their learning curve period. The remaining 2 consolidations are also progressing well. These consolidations stem from our McKechnie acquisition. The consolidation of our Avtech unit with the Tyee business is on track to finish this fall. To date, the front office operations have been physically moved. The factory safety stock is being built, and the factory building modifications are well underway. Likewise, the consolidation of the Electromech/Welco Kentucky operations with the Matamoros, Mexico Rotronics facility is also progressing well. At present, the Mexico factory modifications are progressing nicely, and we also expect to complete the consolidation this fall. All of these moves will start to show significant productivity results as we move into our fiscal 2012. Now let me turn the discussion to our base operating units and their recent value-generation activities. Overall, base TransDigm operating units are performing well. They have diligently controlled their cost structures and have added resources sparingly as this market recovers. We have come out of this recent downturn with an improved cost structure. Our new business development continues to be quite active. We continue to invest in a broad range of engineered solutions for our customers. To give this a little color, I'd like to showcase our success winning new business awards on the A350 platform. Some of them are shown on Slide 8. Some of the engineering product applications we have secured so far include the cockpit security door module, which is composed of the intrusion-resistant ballistic door and frame structure, along with the electronically-actuated door-bolting mechanism, and the electronic decompression release control. Also we have numerous exterior latch applications. These latches secure the APU access panels, various pressure release and decompression panels, airframe fuselage maintenance panels, and wing and fairing access panels. Inside the passenger cabin, we've been awarded all of the latches for the overhead luggage storage bin. Now on the A350 engine, which is the Rolls-Royce Trans [ph] XWB. We have the ignition system, fuel valves, and fuel connectors, and certain hold-open rods in the engine bay in the cell area. We also have over 160 aluminum and titanium rods used to support and stiffen the large belly fairing on the underside of the airframe. Additionally, we have articulating rods employed on the landing gear doors, passenger doors, wing fueling panels, and various other exterior access doors and panels. Airbus and its system suppliers are still quite active finalizing the A350 design. They are working jointly with them on new designs and proposals, and we expect we'll capture additional content on these once the sourcing decisions are finalized. In total, we believe we have secured expanded profitable OEM business on the A350 and more importantly, secured future aftermarket revenue streams on Airbus' next new platform. We now expect that our content on the A3 platform will, in aggregate, be well ahead of the content on the platforms it replaces in the marketplace.  Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus, our CFO, who will review our third quarter and year-to-date financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray. As Nick mentioned, we have been quite active this year with acquisitions, divestitures and financing as evident in our year-to-date reconciliation of EBITDA as defined, which we have discussed on prior calls and as we've presented in Table 2 of this morning's press release. This quarter, we've completed a few more transactions I'd like to point out. As previously mentioned, and as part of the McKechnie acquisition settling out, we've divested the Fastener and Distribution businesses for a combined total of $270 million, which had a positive impact after taxes of approximately $190 million. We also have recorded a year-to-date net gain shown in our income statement as discontinued ops of $16.8 million. In the quarter, we recorded a small loss on discontinued ops of $2.1 million mostly relating to the distribution divestiture. In addition, on June 27, we entered into a 4-year interest rate swap agreement to hedge approximately $350 million of our term loan. This represents a little over 20% of our variable debt. Our current rate structure on our term loan will continue as is for the next 6 quarters. This rate is defined as LIBOR plus 3% with a 1% LIBOR floor, for a total rate of 4% today. Beginning December 31, 2012, we will then lock into a fixed rate of 5.17% for the remaining 10 quarters on this portion of our variable term loan. At that point, assuming no other changes in our debt structure, our debt will be split approximately 60% fixed and 40% variable. Now please turn to Slide 9 for our quarterly financial results. Third quarter net sales were $325 million, up $111 million or 52% from the prior year. This increase includes $83 million related to the acquisitions of Semco in fiscal 2010, and McKechnie and Talley Actuation, which were acquired during the first quarter of fiscal 2011. Organic sales also increased by $28 million over the prior year. The organic growth rate of 13.2% was led by an increase of $21 million in commercial aftermarket sales and an increase of $6 million in commercial OEM sales. As Nick discussed, the commercial aftermarket continued its strong growth. Defense sales were down slightly for the quarter.  Reported gross profit was $183 million, up $61 million or 50% from the prior year. Reported gross profit margins decreased approximately 1 margin point versus the prior year. The dilutive impact from acquisition mix was approximately 4 margin points for the quarter, of which, approximately 2 points were due to acquisition-related start-up cost and purchase accounting adjustments to inventory. Higher volumes, favorable product mix and the strength of our proprietary products in our base business improved margin points approximately 3 points, which helped offset the dilutive impact of the acquisitions just mentioned. Selling and administrative expenses were 9.7% of sales for the quarter, compared to 10.9% versus the prior year. The absolute dollars increased $8 million. The dollar increase is primarily due to the recent acquisitions. We also had the benefit of a $3 million accrual adjustment in the quarter. Amortization of intangibles was about $9 million higher versus the prior year. This line item reflects all the recent acquisition activity. Net interest expense was $50 million, an increase of $22 million versus the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily due to the McKechnie acquisition made in quarter 1, which was financed entirely by debt. As of the end of the quarter, the weighted average interest rate on total borrowings outstanding was approximately 6%. The effective tax rate was approximately 35% in both the current quarter and last year. We now expect the full year tax rate to be approximately 35%, which is a reduction from our previous expectation of 36%. We estimate our cash taxes to be about $100 million for the year. Net income from continuing operations for the quarter increased $14 million or 33% to $58 million, which is 18% of sales. The increase is primarily due to both organic and acquisition revenue growth which is somewhat offset by higher interest expense and acquisition-related cost. Before discussing earnings per share, let me remind you TransDigm uses the 2-class method of calculating earnings per share versus the more commonly used treasury method. This has a slightly more dilutive impact of about 3% versus the treasury method. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.10 per share in the current quarter versus $0.83 a share in the prior year. This is an increase of 32%. A $2 million loss from discontinued ops reduced earnings per share by $0.04 to arrive at a GAAP EPS of $1.06. Adjusted EPS was $1.21, an increase of almost 38%. This is compared to $0.88 last year. The adjustments to GAAP EPS from continuing ops totaled $0.11, comprised of acquisition-related costs of $0.08 per share and non-cash compensation cost of $0.03. Cash flow from operations was $143.7 million through the third quarter of fiscal '11, and we ended the quarter with $549 million of cash on the balance sheet. This cash balance includes the after-tax proceeds of $190 million from the 2 divestitures. As Nick previously stated, we expect to generate $100 million of cash in the fourth quarter. At the end of our fiscal year, which is next quarter, we estimate our net debt leverage ratio to be approximately 4.1x our pro forma EBITDA as defined. This excludes the potential impact from the Schneller acquisition. On the same basis, assuming we close Schneller before 9/30, we expect our net debt leverage would be approximately 4.4x, which is where this ratio is at the end of this quarter. Now let me hand it over back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready to open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: Wondering if you could talk a bit about realtime dynamics. Obviously, it's been a pretty rocky market. And curious if you're hearing, seeing anything, with respect to your customers, that is making you wander away from what would otherwise be pretty good confidence in your underlying business. Whether that's conversations with airlines or general buying trends that you're seeing through your realtime buying.
W. Howley: Miles, I'd have to say no. Something could change tomorrow, of course. But as of right now, if we felt uncomfortable, we wouldn't have put the guidance we put out.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: And then on the cash balance, obviously great cash generation, it looks like you got another $100 million in operating cash flow on the fourth quarter. So [ph] even correcting for the transaction, the Schneller transaction, you'd still have $350 million, $370 million, something like that, of cash on balance at the end of the year. Is the pipeline still pretty rich? Is the desire still pretty high to close on more or will there be other deployments for capital as well?
W. Howley: Well, as we always say, our first choice to use our capital is to make accretive acquisitions of companies that meet our criteria. Doesn't say the pipeline is in decent shape. Just about every couple of months here, for all through this year, we've sort of been taking it and watching it, watching the pipeline, watching our cash and trying to make a judgment what's the best thing to do to keep moving the equity value. We just made an acquisition. We think we have a decent pipeline, but we're also building up cash. I mean, we'll keep measuring that. I'm not sure is the real answer. We'll do, again every 30 or 60 days, we'll kind of take a look at what we've got, take a look at what we think might close, take a look at our cash and make another short-term call.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you speak to it all, the supply chain itself? I mean, your suppliers in terms of -- are you starting to see any lead time stretch out in terms of raw materials? And then maybe the Tier 3 guys and Tier 2s who supply to you. Are there any bits and pieces that are starting to get a little more shorter in supply, given the impending ramp?
W. Howley: Want to answer that, Ray?
Raymond Laubenthal: Yes. No, we're not seeing any jam up in the supply chain. Generally, the lead times are long enough, and this ramp up has been occurring over a good number of months. It's spread out. We're not experiencing anything that you might be asking there.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then maybe one just follow-up in terms of the world of M&A right now. Just realizing you made the announcement Friday. When we look out on the landscape of what's potentially available out there, I mean, how does the M&A market look right now?
W. Howley: I would say it is reasonably active. I mean, we're seeing a reasonable amount of things.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: You talked about a little softness on the defense side. Would you attribute that to the op tempo overseas? Is it the CR? Can you sense where that's coming from?
W. Howley: I don't know that I can really can, Rob. As you know, we've been concerned about this all year. The revenue started to drop earlier in the year. But we were cautiously optimistic because the bookings were holding up. That's not been the case now for the last 90 days. I really don't know that I can attribute it to any one thing other than just an attempt to spend less money. I will say, by types of platforms, helicopter things continue to be pretty robust. Other stuff's shaky.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: And then it makes it sound like it's therefore the op tempo is the driver because...
W. Howley: That's my sense. Rob, my sense is this is becoming and I'd love to be wrong, but it's becoming something like as the tide drops down, all the ships drop a little.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: And then going back to Myles' question on the realtime dynamics. Have you seen any pricing behavior change on the part of the customer here? Are you still getting the pricing that you've been getting?
W. Howley: The dynamics haven't changed.
Robert Spingarn - Crdit Suisse AG: And then the only other thing I would ask you is on your latest acquisition. At least as a multiple of sales, it looked like you picked a little bit less. I mean, are prices coming in a little?
W. Howley: I don't know that I can say that. I think, I mean, you could pretty well figure out what we paid, right? I gave you the revenue and I gave you an approximate EBITDA margin. I would say it's in the way -- we didn't pay as much as we paid for McKechnie for sure, but it's more in the range we saw -- about for McKechnie.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Herbert with Wedbush.
Kenneth Herbert - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just wanted the first -- on the commercial OE side, you looked like you sort of nudged up guidance a little bit there, but you also indicated you're not, specifically on the 87, you're not seeing anything yet. Safe to say that the guidance raise is driven more by sort of legacy 777, 37, other programs and when are you expecting to start to see any material impact from the 87?
W. Howley: Well, I guess when they start shipping them. We're sort of reticent to forecast a lot till Boeing starts shipping some airplanes. There's inventory in the system. I think we'll speak to next year's guidance when we speak to it, but I would expect we will see some in next year's guidance.
Kenneth Herbert - Wedbush Securities Inc.: And then in terms of the guidance raised. Is there any particular platforms you'd point to? Or I'm assuming it's more on the transport side than, of course, on the regional biz jets side.
Gregory Rufus: Yes. The transport, some at the OEM, but probably more in the aftermarket. There's no specific platform, it's across the board.
W. Howley: To some degree, this is the flip side of the military. The rising tide picks all the ships out.
Operator: Gentlemen, your next question is from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just wondering about the Q4 guidance. Looks like you guys aren't looking for much improvement sequentially. You still have your actions underway with McKechnie integration. It just seems like -- one would normally think with sequential growth and incremental margins and some of the integration further behind you that you might be looking for a stronger fourth quarter. Is that just conservatism?
W. Howley: Well, two things. One, 49.7% is pretty damn high in my book. If you recall, I said we had a favorable accrual adjustment of about $3 million, which is about a full margin point. If I didn't have an accrual adjustment I'd be up a full margin point, Joe.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just one more on Schneller. This seems to be a slightly different type of a business in terms of the things that they make compare to your existing businesses. Maybe just provide some commentary on how this is -- if you look at it that way or if you think it's sort of right down the fairway for you. Or if this may be is a sign that you're opening the aperture a little bit in terms of the types of the products you consider.
W. Howley: Yes, I would say it's a little different than we bought in the past, if you looked at the products. But the fundamental characteristics that we look for, which is a proprietary aerospace business with significant aftermarket content is right down the bike. We see the same kind of characteristics that we like when we bought it on the same basis, I think as we've told you, we have to see private equity kind of returns on our equity in a business. We see the same opportunities here. It's not a hard component. I mean, in other words, it's not a bump. But we think it has the same characteristics, and I think, by and large, when we see proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, if we can get comfortable with the proprietary content and the security of their platform positions, we're going to be interested in them.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So you consider these products to be as protectable and as proprietary, and the pricing power to be as strong as your existing businesses?
W. Howley: Well, I think, to give you a sense, we told you it's got a mid-30s EBITDA margin, which is pretty good, and we see movement in that. If you pay a decent price for these things, you've got to change the economics to get your return, and we see the same opportunities we see at most of our acquisitions.
Operator: Your next question here is from the line of Fred Buonocore with CJS Securities.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities, Inc.: So I realize you're kind of moving into the process where you do all your business reviews. And as you're going through that process, I'm just wondering, if in the course of starting your quarterly business reviews and the information that -- or your year-end business reviews and the information that you're gathering in that process, if you -- all things being equal, assuming no major change in the environment, if you'd be able to give us some sort of outlook for 2012. If you had to give it a go this year.
Gregory Rufus: It's premature. We're in the middle of it as you said, and we'll give the guidance out when we're ready to give it out. It'd be premature to do that especially we're in the middle of it.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities, Inc.: And then my next question is, Nick, back at the Analyst Day in June, you talked about potentially widening the envelope on your acquisition criteria as you kind of absorbed a lot of the really attractive aftermarket businesses. Just wondering if you're starting to add that into your process, where you're looking at maybe some businesses that maybe are a little bit less aftermarket, a little bit more OEM. Is Schneller kind of falling into that type of category where you're widening...
W. Howley: I would say Schneller is more aftermarket. I think it's been a while since we bought a business that was close to 70% aftermarket. So, I mean, we like that. We also like the fact we got a business that's got almost no defense, which is practically hard to find. Most people have 25%, 30% defense when we look at these [indiscernible] businesses. I don't think we'll run out of the traditional component businesses, but we're bigger. And as I've always said, a proprietary aerospace business with significant aftermarket content meets our return criteria, we're going to be interested in it. We're not hung up on whether it's a fuel system component or hydraulics system. It's got to meet those, it's got to meet our criteria and have the private equity kind of return.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Hugel with Stephens.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc.: Nick, maybe you can just clarify. When you were talking about your commercial aftermarket, in the terms of the shipments, you said your inventory at distributors look to be in line with demand. Are you sort of implying there that your -- because you're talking about seeing restocking going into the future. Are you implying that we're not seeing a restocking or is that in line with running above shipments?
W. Howley: Yes, our distributors have a stocking requirement based on it's different months of inventory, based on -- some of them, it's the rolling 90 days average shipment, some it's 6 months, some it's less. They mostly have rules for what they have to stock, and sometimes they can drift over or under where the stocking requirement are, which means you can get a little spurt or cut back on orders. What I was trying to say is we don't see that. So we don't think there's a significant bubble either direction at distribution. The airlines, on the other hand, do appear to be ordering above their consumption rate.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc.: Just in terms of cash flow. The numbers that you have in the cash flow page, I think on Page 10, that's year-to-date, correct?
Gregory Rufus: Let me take a -- yes, it is.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc.: So how much was the onetime sort of payment this quarter? I think you said there was a large interest payment. Tax payment or something?
Gregory Rufus: No, I don't have the exact number with all the pieces. I don't have the exact number in front of me. We paid about $78 million in interest and about $45 million in taxes in the third quarter.
Eric Hugel - Stephens Inc.: And just lastly, the $100 million that you're talking about for the fourth quarter. Is that a free cash or is that cash flow from ops number? The $100 million cash that you said you were going to generate in the fourth quarter. Is that a free cash flow number or a cash flow from operations number?
Gregory Rufus: That is the ultimate cash that'll go on our balance sheet. There's different definitions for free cash flow. Given where our balances at the end of the third quarter, I expect us, when we close that, at least $100 million more, minus the acquisition for Schneller.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of J.B. Groh with DA Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I just had a couple of quick ones on the sort of this ramp up in OEM. Can you kind of talk about what sort of margin drag that could represent if you get OEM growing at a faster rate organically than aftermarket, given your leverage aftermarket?
W. Howley: I mean, it's sort of math. If one grows substantially faster than the other, you'll get some margin swing. I would tell you, historically, rarely over a year has it been more than a couple of margin points. And you can do the math, it depends how much you believe each one is going to grow, right? We'll go give the guidance when we give guidance, but I'd be surprised if it's a big impact on next year's margin.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then I think I know the answer to this question, but in Schneller, I mean, it sounds like there's virtually no product overlap with what you're doing currently, correct?
W. Howley: No.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Nick, just a follow-up on Schneller. These products appear, maybe, not to be as flight critical as some of your other products. And looking at it, maybe they're more bound by interior cabin retrofits, where maybe there's a 5- to 7-year cycle there. Does that make it easier for those products to get displaced or is that a sort of new market for you guys to learn?
W. Howley: Well, let me address the flight critical. We make other things in the interiors that aren't flight critical. We make a goodly chunk of the faucets. We make a fair amount of overhead bin latches, I guess cockpit security systems are now flight critical, but they don't make the airplane fly. This business has similar characteristics to the one we have. We think the products are very sticky, and not just to the walls by the way, also to the customers. There is an element of refurbishment in this business that's probably a little bigger than some of our others that gives it maybe a little more exposure to cyclicality. But not, less than you think. At least as big is the repairs and spares that are -- when things get nicked and dented and need a quick fix, that's at least as big in the aftermarket as the refurbishment business.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then just on the aftermarket for the remainder of the year here. Are you guys thinking that -- based on what you're seeing today, you could see further acceleration into the fourth quarter? You think we're sort of at a peak growth environment and you'll see this sort of growth rate with tougher comps begin to level off?
W. Howley: I think I'd have to stick with our guidance. I think you can figure out from our guidance what we're saying, which is we're sort of about at the growth rate we're running. It'd be great if it picked up more, but I don't think I can give you any better feel than we did with our full year guidance.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason Rogers with Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review: I wonder if you could talk about the whole process for getting new products approved through the FAA and if there's been any changes there as far as getting those approved. Just wanted to know about the whole process of getting the products approved through the FAA, if there's been any changes there?
W. Howley: I would say, one, we don't do a whole lot of that. It's a very small part of our business. But I would say, in general, if anything the approval through the FAA is slower and more cumbersome. General rule of thumb is, as with many government processes, each year it's a little slower and more cumbersome than it was the year before.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time, so I'd like to turn the call back over to, Ms. Liza Sabol, for closing remarks.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for participating on this morning's call. We expect to file our 10-Q for the third quarter of our fiscal year 2011 no later than tomorrow. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sean Maroney - Investor Relations W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities Carter Leake - Davenport & Company Benjamin James - SMBC
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is George, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would like now to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Sean Maroney, Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Sean Maroney: Thank you. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2009 second quarter earnings conference call. With me on the line this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at www.transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the information regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors included in the company's latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the Investor section of our website or through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined and adjusted net income, both of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of EBITDA As Defined and adjusted net income to that measure. With that, let me turn the call over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning. And thanks for calling in to hear about our company. I'd like to start off again as I have in the last two quarters with some comments about both our consistent strategy and our current sense of a very fluid aerospace market as it applies to our business. To reiterate we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and in its ability to sustain and create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize a few of the reasons why we believe this, almost 95% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, and about 80% of our net sales come from products for which we are the sole source provider. About 60% of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced high gross margins and provided relative stability in the downturns. This, assuming we control our costs, can also contribute to our EBITDA margins improving in spite of declining overall revenues. Even in difficult market environments, the annual worldwide growth in air travel rarely goes negative for any extended period of time. In fact, those reports I have seen forecast modest declines in worldwide traffic in 2009 in spite of a very difficult economic situation, with some possible recovery at the end of the calendar year. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, about 48% as a percent of revenues, plus or minus, and our relatively low capital expenditure requirements, about 2 to 3% of revenues, TransDigm has year-in and year-out generated strong free cash flow. We have significant liquidity and no near term debt issuance. We have about 155 million in cash and approximately 200 million of undrawn revolver. We have no principal payments due under our credit agreements until 2013, and we believe we currently have access to additional debt if we so desire. We have a well proven value based operating strategy focused around what we refer to our three value drivers. That is new business development, continual cost improvement, and value based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methods. This consistent approach has worked for us through up and down markets in the past and allowed us to continuously improve and increase the intrinsic value of our business while continuing to steadily invest in new business and platform positions. Ray Laubenthal is going to give you some recent examples of our typically very active new business process. We have been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace products with significant aftermarket content. We've been able to acquire and improve aerospace component businesses through all phases of the cycle. Though our consistent focus on our operating value drivers, a clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital structure, we've been able to create intrinsic value for our shareholders for many years. To remind you the performance after 9/11 for the EBITDA As Defined grew and margins expanded both on a GAAP and pro forma basis right through the downturn was the most recent example. During that very trying period, all our value drivers contributed. We quickly reduced costs, we continued our value based pricing model, and we generated new businesses -- new business and improved our acquisitions, all activities which we are repeating in this current downturn. As we have in the past in Q4 last year, we moved quickly to reduce our costs and get out ahead of a softening market. We have continued this cost reduction effort in the first half of 2009. This is reflected in our Q1 and Q2 margins. Additionally as in the past cycles, we continue our active new business generation as well as our value based pricing initiatives. This consistency still to us does not seem to be fully recognized in value at this time. Now with respect to our underlying markets, in general, we see a lot of uncertainty in the second half of fiscal year 2009. I surely still don't know how this cycle is going to unfold, but our current sense of the market as it applies to TransDigm is as follows. In the commercial OEM market, the Boeing strike concluded, but we still expect to lose at leas three months of effective Boeing production in our 2009 fiscal year upon the strike. In addition to the recent Boeing 777 rate reductions, we suspect there may be other rate reductions announced by both Airbus and Boeing in the next six to twelve months. Depending on when and if these announcements occur, we could see some more or less negative volume impact in the second half of fiscal year 2009. Almost all of the business jet OEMS have announced significant rate reductions in the last 10 to 20 days. This along with the related system wide inventory adjustments will definitely have a negative effect on our second half volume. All in all, our commercial -- for our commercial OEM business, we are now assuming this will be down about 10% versus the prior year, rather than the flat year-over-year comps we estimated originally. Now I will say this still remains quite unclear. The business jet portion is, of course, down significantly more in this overall average. In the commercial aftermarket, we continue to see a slowdown in traffic growth as the worldwide economic conditions continue to take their toll. Based on the various industry published reports, worldwide RPM or traffic appears to be down in the mid single digits for the first half of our fiscal year, with recent months being down a bit more. We believe we also continue to see some system wide airline inventory reductions. Though we understand many forecasters anticipate a recovery in the second half of the calendar year, and we hope this is so, we are a bit more pessimistic about the second half of our fiscal year commercial aftermarket revenue than we were originally. Though impacting us to a much lesser degree, business in generally the Asian usage, is down much more substantially than commercial traffic. We remain uncertain about the second half of the year. We believe it is now likely that our commercial aftermarket revenues could be flat to very modestly down year-over-year. I'll just remind you that our quarterly numbers can bounce around over longer periods of time, our real or unit volume in the aftermarket has generally been able to grow at or ahead of overall worldwide passenger traffic. In the defense business, on the other hand, this segment continues to look very good. Q2 revenues and bookings were again better than anticipated. Based on what we know today, defense should be closer to a low double digit year-over-year growth versus the mid single digits we anticipated earlier. The second half year-over-year costs are tough in the defense business by the way. We remain very cautious regarding the market outlook, the confidence in the strength of our business model to continue to create intrinsic value and our management's team ability to response and to perform in these tough market conditions. Now let me turn to the latest financial performance. I'll remind you this is the second quarter for our fiscal year 2009. Our year started October 1st 2008, and so we're now half way through. As I said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in the OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, trends in inventory fluctuations, modest seasonality and other factors. But in spite of the weak economy end market, we had a good second quarter and first half. Our revenues were up 10 -- 11% versus both the prior Q2 and the first half. Pro forma growth that is assuming we own the same mix of business like a same-store basis, is up about 2% on a year-to-date basis and about flat on a quarter versus quarter basis. In a nutshell and very simply, in overall, commercial business is down and the defense business is up significantly. If you look to revenues by market segment, again on a pro forma basis versus the prior year that's assuming the same mix in both periods, in the commercial segment, which makes up about 70% of our revenue, commercial OEM revenues were down about 10% versus the prior second quarter. If you look at the first half of 2009 versus the average 2008 quarterly run rate, commercial OEM was still down about 10%. This is reflective of both the Boeing strike in the first quarter and the beginning in Q2 of the significant business jet production rate cuts. The commercial aftermarket revenue was down about 2% in Q2; this is versus the prior Q2, and about 3% on a year-to-date basis. Of interest, the commercial transport aftermarket was up very slightly on a sequential Q2 versus Q1 basis. This was more than offset by a very sharp decline in business, regional and general aviation demand. Though tough to quantify, we still believe we are seeing some inventory reduction at the airlines. The defense segment, which makes up about 30% of our revenue, in this segment, our revenues were up 15% on a quarter-versus-quarter basis and 17% on a year-to-date basis. We continue to see strength across most of our product lines. As I said before, our defense revenues appear likely to be above our expectation -- our original expectations for the full year. In total for the quarter, our revenues were close to our expectations with the shift in mix between commercial and defense revenues and our modestly richer mix. Moving to profitability and on the reported basis now, I am going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. The total adjustments to EBITDA are quite modest by the way this quarter. Our EBITDA As Defined of about 94 million for Q2 and 186 million for the first half is up 17% versus prior Q2 and 19% versus the prior year-to-date. The EBITDA As Defined margin at 49% in the quarter is a very strong margin performance. This continues to reflect the impact of our cost reductions, our richer mix as well as our ongoing value pricing activities. As you saw on the press release, we have modestly decreased our full year revenue guidance but slightly increased our profit guidance. The revenue adjustment is the result of the combination of the reduced business jet revenues, our concern of both the commercial transport production rates and the commercial aftermarket volume, offset in part by the higher defense revenues. This results in a very modest increase in second half revenues compared to the first half of 2009. Based on our market assumption, we anticipate a modest decrease in EBITDA margins for the second half of 2009, though I want to reemphasize, this margin is very dependent on the ultimate mix of OEM versus aftermarket shipments. In total for fiscal year 2009, we now expect revenue growth will be driven by recent acquisitions with organic growth about flat give or take a little. On the other hand, we expect our increase in 2009 EBITDA As Defined to be a result of both organic and acquired growth. With respect to acquisitions, as I think you know, we made one additional acquisition in December, our starter generator business we bought from General Electric. We continue actively looking -- the pipeline possibilities -- still has more smaller than larger opportunities. We've seen some pickup in activity, but closings are always difficult to predict. We've remained disciplined and focused on value creation in our acquisition activities. And with that, let me turn it over to Ray Laubenthal.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total, we had a good second quarter and first half. Our operating value drivers and acquisition integration continued to add solid value. Let me explain our second quarter operational value creation in a little more detail. We're making good progress integrating our two most recent acquisitions. As planned, last quarter, we completed the physical move of the GE Unison magneto business from Rockford, Illinois to our Champion Aerospace facility in South Carolina. And we're now starting to see operational savings from this most recent consolidation. The other acquisition GE Unison Aircraft Parts Corporation or APC, was acquired on December 16 and is also progressing through its integration into our operation. APC designs and manufactures starter motor generators and electronic generator control units. We'll be moving the APC business into our facilities during the next six to nine months. Now let me turn the discussion to our other operating units and their value generation activities last quarter. We continued to make cost reductions during the second quarter. Year-to-date we have reduced head count by an additional 4%. Recall we enacted a 9% head count driven cost reduction in our fourth quarter of 2008. These cost reduction actions served us well in the first half of our fiscal 2009 as the market softened. Going forward, we'll continue to fine tune our cost structure as market demand dictates. Although the market has been softening, our new business development continues to be active. We typically do not discuss at length our development activity during these calls, but we thought it would be worthwhile to discuss our continued investment in the business during this down market. To give this a little color, I would like to give a few examples of the new business activity so far this year, and let me remind you there is typically a gap between when we award a new business and when we develop and ship the resulting new products. In the commercial OEM segment, we continue to see significant new business activity. On the A350 and A380, we were awarded the entire cockpit door module. This award includes the entire door structure and the associated cockpit security latching system. Once we complete this development activity, we will have expanded our security door revenue content per airplane by over five times on these two platforms versus the other existing Airbus platforms. Additionally, on Embraer 170/190 regional jet platform, we were awarded the cockpit door security latching system and on Embraer MSJ, we were awarded the compact water delivery system for the lavatory and galley. In the commercial aftermarket segment, we have traditionally gotten new business orders by supporting the existing fleet. We only focus on the aftermarket new business if we can provide real value to the customer by solving a product performance or product safety problem. Even in tough times we can find some of these opportunities, and here are a few examples. At Delta and FedEx, we are now providing them our longer life micro maintenance NiCad batteries for the 757 fleet. And also at FedEx, they are now ordering our longer life ignition systems for use on their fleet of Cessna Caravan cargo planes. For the 747 fleet, we've designed and upgraded latch mechanism for the emergency escape slide. This new latch is presently being rolled out across the entire 747 passenger fleet. And on the Boeing 777 cargo conversion program, we're developing and delivering the cargo door bolting system. And lastly, we continue to upgrade igniters on the CFM56 engine by providing a longer life igniter solution. In the military segment, as with the commercial aftermarket segment, we continue to develop new equipment to enhance the capabilities or extend the life of the existing aircraft fleet. We recently received an order to supply low distortion power transformers on both the CH-46 Sea Knight and the CH-53 Sea Stallion helicopter fleet. These low distortion transformers provide enhanced power to the avionics and flight computer, and they provide filter power that greatly reduces pilot and crew radio transmission static. We also received an order to upgrade the power inverters on the Bell H-1 helicopter. These upgraded inverters have been enhanced to withstand harsh environmental conditions of water exposure and higher temperatures. And on the Eurocopter and OH-58 Kiowa helicopter platforms, we developed and received an order for engine inlet filtration actuators. These filtration actuators are deployed in take-off and landing situations to prevent braces from entering the helicopter's jet engine. We also secured orders to provide newly designed cockpit avionic components on the C-130 Avionics Modernization program, and we developed and were awarded the compressor motors on the new styled F-18 missile launchers. These compressor motors will greatly improve our servicemen safety, because they're used in place of pyrotechnic devices and used on launchers. The development spending associated on the above program is normal and similar to the spending in recent prior period. Our development spending on the 787 was modestly lower than expected during the second quarter. Recall our 2009 Boeing 787 development spending is expected to be lower compared to 2008 as the work on these projects winds down. At present, we expect our 787 spending to be about as expected in 2009. We may begin to see some modest spending pick up in A350, A380 development in the back end of the year, depending on the exact timing of the projects and the awards. We're also making modest favorable progress settling the 787 projects scope change issue with Boeing. Our pricing actions have continued to be effective across most of our businesses, and they also contributed to our strong first half margins. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus, our CFO, who will review the second quarter financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus: Thanks Ray and Nick. Good morning to everyone who's called in to hear about TransDigm. Nick just gave a very thorough description of TransDigm's revenue stream and our market condition. And as Ray discussed, we are active in controlling costs, acquisition integration and new product development. As you have seen, TransDigm was able to accomplish those items just mentioned, generate cash and announce solid result in a difficult market environment. Let me review the second quarter results now. Second quarter sales were $193 million, up 17.8 million or 10.1% from the prior year. The increase in sales was primarily driven by the acquisitions of CEF and the Unison product line made in fiscal '08 and the APC acquisition made at the end of the first quarter this year. Total amount of revenues from acquisition this quarter was $20.3 million. Sales, excluding acquisitions, decreased by 2.5 million and represented a 1.5% decrease from the prior year. The decline in organic sales was primarily due to a decrease of 6.3 million of commercial OEM sales. The two main contributors to the decline in sales was Boeing due to the strike and a sharp decline in production rates in the business jet market. Along with the OEM dip, the commercial aftermarket sales decreased 1.4 million versus the prior year quarter. Partially offsetting the decline in organic commercial sales was an increase of 6.4 million in defense sales, primarily due to increased demand for aftermarket spare parts and repairs across most of our product lines. Reported gross profit was 108.8 million or 56.4% of sales. This $14.8 million increase is 16% greater than the prior year and significantly higher than our sales growth increase of 10%. The reported gross profit margin increased almost 3 percentage points versus the prior year. This expansion in margin was attributable to the following: continued productivity efforts especially from the company wide cost reduction initiative implemented during the fourth quarter of '08 and the first half of '09; the strength of our proprietary products which allow favorable pricing and to a lesser extent, positive operating leverage on higher sales with favorable product mix versus the prior year. This higher margin was also just achieved despite a modest downgrade in margins due to the dilutive impact of the previously mentioned acquisitions. Selling and administrative expense for the quarter was consistent with the prior year on a percent of sales basis. Our net interest expense was 21.6 million, a decrease of almost 10% versus the prior year quarter. The level of debt was the same for both quarters. The average interest rate, however, decreased to 6.1% for the quarter compared to 7.3% a year ago. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 36.2% versus 34% in the prior year. The prior year included some state tax refunds which were not repeated in '09. Net income for the quarter was 40.3 million, which was 21% of net sales and up 8.1 million versus the prior year. The 25% improvement versus the prior year compares well given the sales growth of 10%. Our cash flow from operations was solid, 79.5 million in the first half of '09. We ended the quarter with $155 million of cash on the balance sheet. And during the second quarter we used 74 million of cash for both income taxes and the interest payments. Our net debt leverage ratio was 3.2 times our EBITDA As Defined. Given the credit crisis the country is going through, we believe our current cash position together with our undrawn revolver of almost 200 million is more than adequate for our operating needs. Turning to earnings per share, our press release includes all the EPS calculations and supporting tables. I'll focus on our adjusted diluted earnings per share for this call. For the quarter, adjusted diluted EPS was $0.85 per share, up 25% from the prior year. This increase mirrors the 25% improvement in net income. As Nick discussed and as spelled out in this morning's press release, we have made some modest changes to our full year adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance. The modest changes have come from the impact of increasing the midpoint of our guidance to $3.25, up $0.02 from the prior guidance and up 16.5% from the prior year and EPS of $2.79. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Good morning.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Greg, I think you just said that the SG&A as a percentage of sales is pretty consistent. But I've noticed if I look back at the last several quarters, it's actually declined despite acquisitions. Is there any reason to stop declining on a percentage basis?
Gregory Rufus: No, there's a little bit of lumpiness. We had a little more professional fees in this quarter. But it wasn't a major increase, Rob, but even as you saw the trend it has been coming down. We're leveraging our fixed costs a little bit better than we did in the past.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Nick, to the segment performance, I think both you and Ray and Greg actually all of you talked about the moving pieces. But could you speak a little bit again? I didn't catch the percentage increase in defense. I think I got the dollar amount, but what's going on there with little bit more specificity in terms of the defense aftermarket, why the strength, why the comps get topped to the back end of the year?
Gregory Rufus: Well the numbers -- Rob just our -- let me just, I think it's 15% for the quarter-over-quarter and 17% year-to-date. Yes those are just the rough numbers. I would say Rob it is the helicopters, a lot of demand for helicopters and ground vehicle parts and repairs. But I can't -- it's a rising tide. If you look across almost all our product lines it's rising. We're just spending more (ph) --
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: And this started in the middle of the prior fiscal year, so that's why see the comps --
Gregory Rufus: Talking about the comps, if you look quarter by quarter you would see the second half of last year was significantly higher from the first half. So...
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: And so it sounds like you are looking for a kind of mid to high single digit defense growth in the second half to average out, I don't know it sounds like about 12 or 13.
Gregory Rufus: What we said was low double digits, and what we said -- you kind of have to do your own math there.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: All right. Well that's kind of in that I get to, so.
Gregory Rufus: The reason you get little bit of funnier arithmetic is because of the half-over-half comps.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Right. How did pricing work in the quarter? Let's talk a little bit about the aftermarket declining, and Greg, I think you just mentioned some numbers. But the percentage decrease in aftermarket on a unit basis and then the offset from pricing.
Gregory Rufus: Well, as you know Rob, we don't disclose that. But numbers are down 2 to 3% year-over-year or quarter and year full basis
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: On a revenue basis.
Gregory Rufus: On a revenue basis. So --
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Gregory Rufus: So that's just the -- that's apples to apples. Seems to work on a same extra business pro forma context.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then if you could just talk a little bit again about the acquisition pipeline, what you're seeing in terms of multiples and is more on the market today, less -- how are things evolving?
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me fill the quantity first. I mean it seems to me like we're seeing little more activity. I don't know Rob whether I draw any conclusion from that, other than we seem to be busier looking at things now over the last month or so. But I don't know that I can make any broad statement at all from that. I would say of the things that closed so far, the prices have come down. Seems surprising to me, there are some things that don't close, but of those they closed, they still seem to close at pretty high prices. Now this is -- I'm talking now about proprietary stuff. If you ground to the proprietary world and go into the non-proprietary kind of businesses, I think it gives some pretty low prices there.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just lastly in terms of trend, and this is -- maybe little bit of a 30,000 foot question. But I think we -- you're clearly cautious on the commercial side both on OE, you've talked about the aftermarket, the sensitivity mix of the company, you mentioned the global -- the forecast from third parties, particularly we saw IATA come in maybe a month ago and doubled its negative forecast from down 3% on traffic to down almost 6.
W. Nicholas Howley: Right.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: And I suspect that, that's part of what's behind your adjustment. But do you get any kind of optimism out of what we see from some of the domestic airlines? Do you see their behavior changing for the positive years -- they talked -- a few of them talked about slightly better bookings.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: I mean I see the same things you see Rob. And I also notice -- I think it was Lufthansa last week said that they thought their go forward bookings -- and they sort of bottomed out their go forward bookings or better. I would like to believe that, and I want to believe that. But just to be very practical I got to say the last couple of months RPMs are tougher than we thought they were going to be.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Is there any rule of thumb for when an airline starts booking better to when it starts buying more inventory?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, if there is I don't know it, Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Fred Buonocore from CJS Securities.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Hi, yes. Good morning gentlemen. Nice quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: Thank you.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Ray went through quite a litany of new business opportunities there. And I just wanted to get a sense for -- is this sample kind of your normal level of activity on any given quarter and you just elected to talk about it this quarter or was this kind of a spike in activity?
Raymond Laubenthal: Yeah, it's the former. This is generally what we normally see with all the negative... with the downturn in the market we thought we'd reinforce that we continue to invest in our business, and we thought we'd add some color to it.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: No, absolutely it was very helpful. I was just wondering on that. And then also Ray, you kind of mentioned that the pricing actions were taking hold --you're staying tight across most markets, are there some areas where you are seeing pushback on pricing that you may have to give in? If you can give some sense for what's happening there.
Raymond Laubenthal: Let me answer that one Fred. There is really -- there is no change in the -- I'll say the market structure and the pricing pattern in the past. I would --
W. Nicholas Howley: And we gave that impression -- that we didn't mean to give that pressure and it's generally the same kind of patterns as we saw -- as we have seen historically.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Got it. And then on the 777 production cut, I would imagine that that's not a huge impact for you just at least to profitability given it's two planes a month, it's an OEM program. But can you give us the sense for the magnitude or how we should think about that?
Raymond Laubenthal: We think we captured this in the guidance we've given you Fred. You know there's a lot of moving parts in the OEM world. You know exactly the business jet is, as everybody probably knows are knocked off the rails. And the inventories fluctuating all over the place in that segment, the commercial transport, you have the 777 coming down and frankly we're little concerned about the timing of the what other cuts we might see, and then whether first tier people start to squeeze their inventory earlier. We've made our best guess in capturing that but sort of if you ask me what each thesis in there, and I have to tell you it's very judgmentally total.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Good of course and then kind of in that same vein, business jet trends, I mean where you see things now how does this compare to say the last down cycle in that segment?
Raymond Laubenthal: You know I don't remember the business jet went very well, that's just mathematical, I just don't remember.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Yeah.
Raymond Laubenthal: But I'm pretty sure we haven't seen the bottom of this one yet.
W. Nicholas Howley: And I look at it a little bit, it's faster than the last cycle. It's almost like the spick that turned off this time around.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Got it, so your guidance should factor in some continued deterioration there?
Unidentified Company Speaker : Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley: We suspect we'll, wouldn't surprise me if we see some going into next year too.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Okay great. Thanks very much. That's helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Leake from Davenport & Company. Please proceed.
Carter Leake - Davenport & Company: Good morning. You may have just answered that but I want to confirm the fiscal year guidance. It does take into account obviously the known production cuts. But we don't anticipate I don't think any large commercial production cuts by the end of your fiscal year. Are you assuming any in your fiscal year guidance?
W. Nicholas Howley: I say it again. There's a lot of moving parts in the OEM world. The business jets have stepped down substantially. It's hard exactly to predict how all that inventory ripples through the system, the 777 has come down. We are expecting to see some commercial transport, rate cuts some time over the next six to twelve months. I don't know exactly when. You do start to see some higher tier people start getting nervous about their inventory, as that gets closer and closer. It's difficult for me to say exactly which piece we have. We've taken our best judgment in giving you guidance for the year. I don't know that I can slice the onion a lot, a lot thinner than that. I would say that, we are not anticipating any substantial impact in the balance of this year for say a big 737 rate cut or something like that. If that came about relatively quickly, that could be problematic.
Carter Leake - Davenport & Company: Thank you. And just kind of -- how about any guidance on CapEx for the year, for the balance of the year, any changes there?
Gregory Rufus: Now we're half way through the year. We spent about 6 million and we'll probably spend at or a little more. It depends on the timing and the progress of some of the acquisitions and when they move into the new location. But we are within the normal guidance of about 2% of our sales. But it could be a little lumpy based on the timing of the acquisitions as they move into location.
Carter Leake - Davenport & Company: Thanks. Just one more -- you had mentioned obviously that if you can keep these margins up assuming you can control costs, can you give any color on what keeps you up at night on not being able to do that?
Unidentified Company Speaker: First of all what we have said --
W. Nicholas Howley: We will and can control our costs.
Gregory Rufus: But the margins are a function of mix. As OEM goes down we mix up mathematically. So just so we're clear on the record there. We manage the business that generates the dollars and the mix will dictate sometimes what the margin is
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, assuming we keep our costs --
Gregory Rufus: Assuming we keep our cost in control --
Unidentified Company Speaker: The OEM is down, we got to get cost now proportionately and then you get a mix up.
Unidentified Analyst: But I don't want any leave any impression we're operating at a 50% margin going forward
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah, right we gave you some guidance on that.
Carter Leake - Davenport & Company: Yeah, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen our next question comes from the line of Randy Glicksman of Barrington Capital. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning guys, how are you?
W. Nicholas Howley: Good morning, fine Randy.
Unidentified Analyst: Good, I just wanted to dig in a little bit more on the defense side of the business. Did you say that the increases were mostly driven by defense aftermarket?
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, as opposed to newbuilds.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, the newbuild rates don't change that fast.
Unidentified Analyst: That's right. Okay, and in terms of understanding what's driving that aftermarket now when I guess op tempo's down a little bit in Iraq where we're probable seeing a little bit of a pullback. How do you guys gauge that going forward? Is there some -- are there any hints in the DOD budget? Are there kind of reset or inventory builds that you guys see in terms of how the stuff decode when they move up going forward over the next year?
W. Nicholas Howley: Randy, the real answer to that is it's very uncertain and I don't know. I think we're in pretty good shape for the balance of this year. I think defense spending is something that we all have to look out really warily -- as we move into the next couple of years. What we are seeing now is, we are seeing strength almost across all our product lines. Helicopters particularly are strong, as I told you ground vehicles, rehab and refurbishing them...
Unidentified Analyst: C130 Strong.
W. Nicholas Howley: C130 Strong, but across the product lines, it's up almost on all of them. But this -- as you know this will be a political call over the next couple of years.
Unidentified Analyst: Great and --
W. Nicholas Howley: I think we are fine for the balance of this year. Beyond that, sort of pays your money and take your choice.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, okay. And what -- did you guys disclose the mix of aftermarket versus OEM and the defense side of the business?
W. Nicholas Howley: No we don't, we don't but I would tell you that as in the commercial the lion share of the cash flow or profit comes out of the aftermarket.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Benjamin James of SMBC. Please proceed.
Benjamin James - SMBC: Good morning guys. Just a couple of quick questions, are there any LCs on top of the revolver?
Gregory Rufus: All minor, there are a couple of two or three million now for workers' comp, the full amount we can quote is like 197 million.
Benjamin James - SMBC: Okay.
Gregory Rufus: There is a little bit we have to carve out the de minimus.
Benjamin James - SMBC: Okay, and then a senior secured leverage, is that about 2.2 times?
Gregory Rufus: I don't have the exact number, and but that sounds about right.
Benjamin James - SMBC: But that's a close number.
Gregory Rufus: Yeah, I mean you know the senior debt, you know EBITDA.
Benjamin James - SMBC: Okay, that's it.
Gregory Rufus: It's 2.1.
Benjamin James - SMBC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Sir there are no more questions at this time. Actually we have a follow-up question. Our first question -- sorry from Carter Copeland from Barclays Capital. Please proceed
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys. This is Mir Lansing (ph) asking for Carter. I just had a quick question concerning the margin forecast going through the rest of the year. The first two quarters had some pretty strong margin. And just kind of what -- thinking through the guidance as well as the comments given, it seems to suggest the moderation of the margins going -- looking forward. And I just wanted to get on the planning as to -- to sort of the make up or the changes like the changes in the margin ought to be coming on changes in terms of the mix. Are there other concerns that you see that can help moderate margin --
Unidentified Company Speaker : The primary thing that will impact the margins from here for the balance of the year is what the exact of the shipments are. And that's the primary impact. We will control the costs. I don't expect that it will have any issue in the cost control. It will be a question of exactly what ships in the third and fourth quarter and frankly that's a little tough to call exactly from here.
Unidentified Analyst: And then in the first half the mix, you described that part of the margin improvement was because of some kind of better military mix during the first half?
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we just said -- we just said richer mix. Not just the -- the military surely helped but throughout the business, the mix of products was better. We also had the Boeing strike in the first quarter. Such that those shipments were way off in the first quarter helps the year-to-date, that's probably the lowest margin products.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot guys. Good quarter.
Unidentified Company Speaker : Thanks.
Operator: Mr. Maroney there are no questions at this time.
Sean Maroney: Okay, thanks everyone for calling in today and for participating on this morning's conference call. Lastly you can expect to see our 10-Q filed later today.
W. Nicholas Howley: Okay great. Thanks a lot everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This will conclude the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-02-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sean Maroney - Director, Corporate Accounting and IR  Nick Howley - Chairman and CEO Ray Laubenthal - President and COO Greg Rufus - EVP, CFO and Secretary
Analysts: David Strauss - UBS Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities Karl Oehlschlaeger - Macquarie Research Equities Jack Wegner - MVX Asset Management
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2009 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Frenzine, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator instructions) I would like now to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Sean Maroney, Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Sean Maroney: Thank you. I'd like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2009 first quarter earnings conference call. With me on the line this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at www.transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the information regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors included in the company's latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The company would also like to advice you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined and adjusted net income, both of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of EBITDA as defined and adjusted net income to that measure. With that, I will now turn the call over to, Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning. Thanks again to everyone for calling in, as in the past, I would like start off with some comments about both our consistent strategy as well as our current sense of the aerospace market, at least as it implies to our business. Just to reiterate we believe our business model is unique in the industry, in both its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize again why we believe this or at least few of the reasons. About 95% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, about 80% of our sales come from products for which we are sole source provider, about 60% of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales, aftermarket revenues that historically produced a higher gross margin and provided relative stability in the downturns. Even in difficult market environments the annual worldwide growth in air travel rarely goes negative for any extended period. In fact, most reports I have seen forecast a modest decline in worldwide traffic in '09 in spite of very difficult economic situation with some possible recovery in the back end of the year. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins at 47% or more and relatively low capital expenditures, TransDigm has year-in and year-out generated strong free cash flow. We have significant liquidity and no near term debt issues. We have about $150 million in cash and approximately $200 million of un-drawn revolver in spite of making two acquisitions for about $140 million in the last four months and buying back some of our stock. We have a well proven value based operating strategy focused around what we refer to is our three value drivers. New business development, continual cost improvement and value based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methodology. This consistent approach has worked for us to up and down markets in the past and allowed us to continually improve and increase the intrinsic value of our business while continuing to invest in new business and platform positions. We have been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace products with significant aftermarket content. We have in total acquired 24 such businesses including one in September and one in December of 2008. We have been able to acquire and approve aerospace component businesses to all phases of the cycle. Though our consistent approach on our operating value drivers, a clear acquisition strategy and close attention to our capital structure we've been able to create value for our shareholders for many years. The performance after 9/11 our EBITDA as defined grew. And margins expanded on both the GAAP and pro-forma basis right through the downturn was the most recent example. During that very trying period all our value drivers contributed, we could quickly reduce our cost. We continued our pricing methodologies. And we generated significant new business and improved our acquisition substantially. As we have in the past, in Q4 of last year we moved quickly to get out ahead of a potentially softening market. This is reflected somewhat in our Q1 margins. Additionally as in past down cycles we continue our new business generation as well as our value based pricing initiatives. This consistency seems to us to not be fully recognized and valued at this time. Now with respect to the stance of our underlying markets, in general we still see a lot of uncertainty in 2009. And I will say it right upfront I don't know how this economic cycle is going to unfold. But I will give you our current sense at least that where the market stands with respect to TransDigm. In the commercial OEM world, the Boeing strike concluded but we expect we will loose about three months of effective production in our 2009 fiscal year from the strike. We have seen almost all of the business jet OEMs announce significant rate reductions in last 90 days. We are still concerned about potential production rate decreases in the commercial transport OEM segments in either late 2009 or in the 2010. If that happens with our lead time, we will begin to see some impact in the second half of 2009. All-in-all our commercial OEM business could be weaker then the flat year-over-year comps we assumed 90 days ago, though I will say this still remains quite unclear. In the commercial aftermarket we are seeing clear signs of a slowdown in growth as the worldwide economic conditions take their toll. So, worldwide traffic in the first part of our fiscal year 2009 will almost assuredly be down modestly year-over-year. We may well continue to see some system wide airline inventory reductions. Hopefully the second half of the year looks little better. At this point the commercial aftermarket is about as we expected 90 days ago. Though I will say again, we remain quite uncertain about the second half of our year. The quarterly numbers can bounce around over longer periods are real or unit aftermarket volume has generally been able to grow at or ahead of overall worldwide passenger traffic. And the defense area on the other hand looks pretty good. Q1 revenues in bookings were better than anticipated and for at least the first half of FY2009 this segment looks stronger than we expected 90 days ago. Based on what we know today defense may exceed our previous mid-single digit growth assumptions. We remain very cautious regarding the market outlook, but confident in the strength of our unique business model continually create intrinsic shareholder value and also our management teams' ability to respond the changing market conditions. Now let me turn to our latest financial performance, let me remind you this is the first quarter for our fiscal year 2009 our year started October 1st, as I have said in the past quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in the OEM aftermarket mix large orders, TransDigm inventory fluctuations, modest seasonality and other factors. But in spite of weak economy, we had a good first quarter, revenues were up 11% versus the prior year first quarter, pro-forma growth that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses is up about 4% on a Q1 versus Q1 basis with the overall commercial business about flat and defense up significantly. Reviewing the revenues by market segment, again still on a pro-forma basis versus the prior year that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. First, in the commercial segment, which makes up about three quarters of our revenue, and the commercial OEM was up about 6% versus the prior first quarter basis. This is compared to a very low previous Q1 comp. I think it's probably more indicative if you look at Q1 versus the average 2008 quarterly run rate. The commercial OEM on that basis was down about 12%, this is primarily reflective of the Boeing strike. The regional and business jet revenues were about even with the 2008 run rate. In the commercial aftermarket, revenues were down about 5% on a Q1 versus Q1 basis. We anticipated the first half of the year will be the most difficult and these results are above on our expectations. Though tough to quantify, we believe we have seen some inventory reductions at the airlines throughout the system. Our major distributor inventories were essentially unchanged during the quarter. In the defense segment, which is roughly a quarter of our business, the revenues were up 19% on a quarter versus quarter basis. At least for the first half of our year, defense revenues seemed likely to be above our expectations. In total for the quarter, our revenues were closed to our initial expectations with a modest shift in mix, between commercial and defense revenues. If I move onto profitability, and now on a reported basis, I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance, our EBITDA as defined. The total adjustments to EBITDA were quite modest this quarter. Our EBITDA as defined was about $92 million or up 21% versus the prior Q1. The EBITDA defined margin of about 15% in Q1, '09 is the highest quarterly margin we have reported. In spite of some modest acquisition dilution, and some modest residual 787 development cost. This margin increase reflects the impact of our cost reductions in Q4 a particularly rich mix, the whack of the Boeing lower margin shipments, as well as our ongoing value pricing activities. I don't think we can plan on this level of EBITDA margin as we move forward in 2009. As you saw in the press release, we have increased our full year guidance. Greg, is going to review the details with you in his section. With respect to acquisitions we made one additional acquisition in Q1. Our starter generator business we bought from General Electric. This is the second business we have bought from General Electric in last four months. We continue actively looking at opportunities, there is a pipeline of possibilities as usual, many more small than large. We saw some modest pick up in activity in the quarter but it is far too soon to tell well that means anything. We remain disciplined and focused on what we want in the value creation opportunities predicting the timing is very difficult. And as usual as a general rule we won't discuss any specifics on acquisitions until they are closed. And with that let me turn it over to Ray Laubenthal, to give just some sense of some of the operating issues for the quarter.
Ray Laubenthal:  Thanks Nick. As Nick mentioned in total we had a good first quarter. Our operating value drivers and acquisition integration continue to add solid value. Let me explain our first quarter operational value creation in a little more detail. We acquired GE, Unison and Aircraft Parts Corporation, APC on December 16th. APC designs and manufactures proprietary starter generators, generator controller units, and related components for turbine engines. The APC operation now reports to and is supported by our existing Avionic Instruments operations in Avenel, New Jersey. To date we have already revised some of the APC pricing and we presently have a team of Avionic Instruments personnel working to ensure a smooth transition. I would also like to report that the physical move of the Unison magneto business that we purchased from GE four months ago is on schedule and nearing completion. The physical move to our Champion Aerospace facility will be completed this quarter. And we should start to see consolidation savings during the second half of our fiscal 2009. Now let me turn the discussion to our other operating units and their value generation activities last quarter. Recall we enacted a 9% headcount driven cost reduction in our fiscal fourth quarter 2008. This action served us well in Q1 as the market softened. As Q1 progressed, we continue to modestly reduce head counts further. The disciplined cost actions help contribute to our favorable first quarter results. Going forward, we will continue to diligently fine tune our cost structure if the market demand fluctuates. Although the market has been softening our new business development continues to be quite active in Q1. We continue to invest in a broad range of engineered solutions for our customers. To give just a little color, I would like to give a few examples of the first quarter new business activity. In a military market, we continue to deliver upgraded low distortion power transformers on a CH-46 helicopter fleet. And we continue to quote follow-on orders for this upgraded equipment. We also secured orders to provide cockpit avionic components on the C-130 avionic modernization program. And we were awarded orders for expanded electrical power converters on Alenia [Malcolm] program and transformers for the Turkish C-38 trainer. In the commercial segment we also continued to see significant activity on the new programs. On Gulfstream's new G250 and G650 we were awarded engineered heaters, fuel coupling and composite fuel isolators along with other engineered components. On the Embraer MSJ we were awarded the compact water delivery system for the lavatory and galley. And additionally, we have been awarded [thwarter] controls on the Hawker Premier platform and engine controls on and the new prior would be VLJ engine used on the Cessna Mustang. On the commercial transports Boeing selected our engineered, our engineered portable water transmissions, transmitter solution used for optimizing water weight management on the 777 fleet. This solution will be used on 777 OE production and well eventually be rolled out to the aftermarket fleet. On the Boeing 747 fleet, we delivered an aftermarket upgrade solution improving the performance of the escape ramp latch; we also have been actively working on a range of engineered products on the new A350 program. We will discuss this in the future as those programs develop. Our development spending on the Boeing 787 was modestly lower than expected during the first quarter recall our 2009 Boeing 787 development spending is expected to be lower compared to the 2008 as the work on these projects winds down. At present, we expect our 787 spending in 2009 to be as expected. And lastly our pricing actions have continued to be effective across most of our businesses they also contributed to our strong first quarter margins. Now let me hand it over to, Greg.
Greg Rufus: Thanks, Ray. Good morning, everyone. And again, thanks for calling in. Nick and Ray gave a very good update of our business, the market and what lies ahead of us. I will now focus on our GAAP results for the first quarter compared to the prior year first quarter commenting on the major line items with the little more detail. Our quarter one sales were $181.3 million up $18.2 million or 11.1% from the prior year. Organic sales growth was $4.5 million or 2.7% over the prior year. The organic sales growth is a mix story as Nick mentioned the defense business was up $7.3 million, commercial OEM revenue was up $2.2 million due to good year-over-year sales in the regional business jet market. That was partially offset by a decrease in sales to Boeing due to their strike. These two increases were offset by a $4.7 million decrease in commercial aftermarket sales, mostly due to a decrease in worldwide airline traffic, resulting from the weakening global economy. We also believe there may have been some reduction in end user inventories that contributed to decline in commercial aftermarket sales. The remaining $13.7 million of increased sales resulted from the acquisitions of CEF, which we acquired last May, the Unison magneto product line which we acquired in September and to a lesser extent, APC, which was just acquired on December 16. All of these acquisitions were not owned in the comparable quarter last year. Reported gross profit was $104.3 million or 57.5% of sales. This is a $16.2 million increase and is 18% greater than the prior year and it is also greater than our sales growth percentage of 11%. The reported gross profit margin increased three and one-half percentage points versus the prior year. This significant expansion in margin was attributable to the strength of our proprietary products, which allowed favorable pricing. Continued productivity efforts especially from the additional company wide cost reduction initiative implemented during the fourth quarter of '08 and from positive operating leverage on higher sales, with favorable product mix versus the prior year. This higher margin was also achieved despite a little down drag in margin, which was a little less than 1% due to the dilutive impact of the previously mentioned acquisition. Selling and administrative expense was 10% of sales for the quarter compared to 11% in the prior year. The reduction in research and development expense related to lower spending on the Boeing 787 program was the primary driver in reduced SG&A spending along with the additional fourth quarter cost reductions just mentioned. Net interest expense was $22 million a net decrease of $2.5 million versus the prior year quarter. This decrease in interest expense is primarily attributed to the lower interest rates this year versus prior year. This year our average interest rate is 6.4% versus an average rate of 7.5% last year. Regarding our tax provision our effective tax rate was 35% for the quarter versus 36.4% in the prior year. This lower effective tax rate reflects the retroactive reinstatement of the research and development tax credits. We are currently forecasting our '09 effective tax rate to be 36% and we anticipate our '09 cash tax payments to range from $80 million to $85 million. As you take a step back and look at the income statement, the combination of 11% sales growth, operating expenses growing at a lower rate than sales. Interest expense being less than the prior year and a lower effective tax rate versus the prior year all contribute to an outstanding first quarter net income. That was $39.6 million or 21.8% of net sales an impressive 40% improvement versus the prior quarter. Regarding our earnings per share on a GAAP basis, quarter one EPS was $0.78 per share compared to $0.54 per share a year ago. A 44% increase in this quarterly comparison. Our adjusted earnings per share was $0.82 in the first quarter which is a 41% improvement versus a year ago. Cash flow from operations is very strong at approximately $66 million for the first quarter. We ended the quarter with $149 million of cash on the balance sheet. This cash balance reflects the use of approximately $67 million of cash used to acquire APC this past December. And it also includes cash used to acquire approximately 384,000 shares of common stock in the quarter. Our net debt leverage ratio was 3.3 times our EBITDA. Given the credit crisis the country is going through we believe our current cash position together with our undrawn revolver of almost $200 million provides sufficient financial flexibility to manage our working capital and support growth included in our guidance. Speaking of our guidance, I am sure that you noticed that this morning press release that we are increasing our guidance for the fiscal year. This change in guidance assumes no further acquisitions, no change within our capital structure or any other type of corporate event. We give full year guidance on five items, revenues, EBITDA as defined, GAAP net income, GAAP EPS and adjusted EPS. All five line items have been increased in varying degrees. In our press release details, all five items with comparisons to the prior year. To keep things simple on this earnings call, I will focus on the adjusted earnings per share. Our prior guidance for adjusted earnings per share was a range of $2.90 to $3.10 per share or a mid point of $3 per share. Our current guidance is a range of $3.14 to $3.31 per share or a mid point of $3.23 per share. The increase in the mid point adjusted EPS is $0.23 per share, that is the $3.23 less $3. Let me explain the details of this increase. Approximately $0.06 is from very good operating performance especially from the first quarter, approximately $0.05 per share recognizes the acquisition of APC made in December. Approximately another $0.05 is a result of a decrease in weighted shares outstanding resulting from the share repurchase program, we implemented in quarter one plus a reduction in our go forward assumption of stock option exercises for the remainder of the year. Approximately $0.04 improvement is resulting from the lower interest rates versus our prior assumptions and approximately $0.03, to recognize the benefit of the R&D tax credit previously discussed. The above five categories all of which are positive, let us improve the full year forecast by $0.23 in our first quarter of our fiscal year. This current year estimate of adjusted EPS is $3.23 is 16% greater than the FY08 adjusted EPS of $2.79. This concludes our prepared remarks and we will now open the lines for questions.
David Strauss - UBS: Good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning, David.
David Strauss - UBS:  Nick, did I hear you say the aftermarket was modestly lower in the first quarter?
Nick Howley: Yeah, down 5%. 
David Strauss - UBS: Okay and that's.
Nick Howley: This is commercial aftermarket, le me be clear on that.
David Strauss - UBS: Right, so down 5% and I assume embedded in that is decent kind of price increase. So volumes were obviously down even more than that.
Nick Howley: Correct.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. 
Nick Howley: I think, as I said, David, we believe that it's hard to quantify. We think there is some restocking going on through the system.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. But it's tough to quantify.
Nick Howley: Yes, tough to quantify.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. And then on the OE side, to your holding this flat, but the business shift side has deteriorated, I think, fairly significantly since your prior guidance, I think that's roughly about 15% of your sales.
Nick Howley: Well, thats business and regional, you got some regional in there.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. Well, I guess on a business shift side, where you have concentrated?
Nick Howley: I think, David, just to be a little clear on there, what we said for the year on the OEM is we think it may be weaker than the flat year-over-year comps we gave you 90 days ago.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. Is that weaker forecast? Is that incorporated into the some big answer now?
Nick Howley: Yes.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay.
Nick Howley: Yes. I would say, we're very uncertain, I mean, who knows what we're going to see on these OEM rates. One of the big uncertainties in my mind is where are we going to see another shoe drop on these commercial transport rates?
David Strauss - UBS: And then, last one. The 9% headcount reduction that you have already undertaken, what does that size you for, I mean, are you probably aside at this point for Boeing production rates to come down or would you look at potential take an additional headcount out if that would happen?
Nick Howley: David, it depends how much. We are appropriately sized for sort of the guidance we gave you. We look at this month-by-month now. This is a time in the market that needs just continual tension. We will keep trimming a little bit, each time we see softening across individual operating years. We did little of that in the first quarter, I suspect that's a tweaking we are going to be doing all year.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay great thanks guys, good quarter.
Nick Howley: Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital:  Good morning guys.
Nick Howley: Good morning Cart.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital: Really nice set of numbers guys. A quick question Nick, it sounds like in the plan, and in the guidance if we were to look at the margins and not sustaining the kind of 50% level seen in Q1. There is the implication that at least it sounds like to me that you are planning on having to cut in the back half on the commercial OE rates. Given the fact that Boeing was saying they want to keep them flat just last week. And we are already five, you are in your fifth month of the fiscal year. Is, am I missing something here or is it you just don't get as much sort of lead time from a sub system supplier who wants to take the rate down when Boeing tells them. Because it seems pretty clear that Boeing have not given the firing orders yet to take the rates down. So it just seems maybe the guidance is incorporating, a bit of down turn that could be a little bit early to me?
Nick Howley: I hope so, I would like that to be true, I will tell you Carter you are clearly reflecting the fact that we are feeling very uncertain. About the OEM production rates, if Boeing would decide, if Airbus would decide if they are going to make a cut back in 2010. We are concerned that we could start to see sort of inventory fluctuation and tweaking in the system inventory before that. That can give sort of bounce around when you get into those transition points. So we are reflecting some of that, we are also reflecting the fact that I don't know that we have seen the bottom of this business yet turn down either. But I guess the main way I would answer question is I am simply unsure and being unsure we tend to be somewhat conservative. I would love to be back here next quarter saying things look better. But I just, I dont have much confidence in this right now.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital:  Much better but it would be fair to say though that if Boeing or airbus weren't to make up their mind about new firing orders until say the third calendar year quarter. Your fiscal fourth quarter then there would be some upside to your guidance. I mean it starts the time line given the lack of visibility, but it would seem that this is being pushed further off than you were originally anticipating?
Nick Howley:  I would hope so Carter but I honestly would not want to say that today the guidance we give is the guidance we give. We are trying to capture our best assessment in there. 
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital:  That is totally fair, totally fair. On unrelated topic I wondered if you might provide some commentary on what you are seeing in terms of the credit market and whether or not the ability to do acquisitions is opening up anything more than the last. The last quarter, when things were pretty closed up?
Nick Howley:  I know what I would you are right, the strong portions of the credit markets specifically the high yield bond market and probably opened up something in the last I would say in the last two or three weeks anyway and I do not know if the bank markets opened up a lot of late. I can't say we have seen any impact on acquisitions, honestly I do not, there is no acquisitions in the last 6 or 12 months that we passed on, because we did not have the money to buy them.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital:  But are there acquisitions that will suddenly become available once you can finance them?
Nick Howley:  I don't know, that depends on the seller, I dont, I guess the point I am trying to make Carter as we havent been, we have not yet been capital constrained on our side. It's the people have not been selling as much as we might have hopped, we will see if this changes it.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital: Great, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Hey, guys.
Nick Howley: Hey, Rob.
Greg Rufus: Good morning Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Couple of different questions, one thing is you are obviously your margins were just very impressive and maybe you can walk through Greg, you talked about the different components of the strength. But maybe we can get a little bit more color especially on that gross margin which what was in the 350 basis point increase. In terms of productivity versus pricing, how should we think about the various components how would we size those relatively?
Greg Rufus: Rob, given the mathematical reconciliation to our EBITDA margin, I do not have all that data right in front of me now but again its when we talk about our value drivers, we leave them and I think this was pretty good proof. We got good productivity, we laid off 7% of or 9% of our headcount, in the fourth quarter and obviously that's coming through because the volume has not followed in total, we do not disclose the price details in granularity, it's just a confirmation of what we have been telling everybody all along with our value drivers and you are seeing that we had a good quarter where we hit on these things, plus we got some good mix.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Let me ask you this way then Greg, how was the price increases relative to where they might have been six months or year ago, in terms of percentage terms, you are doing the same things that you have been doing or is that become a little bit more difficult?
Greg Rufus: As in holding our prices, well, there has not been any change in our pricing ability, Rob. But, I guess, may be let me take another crack at that. The biggest two impacts of the margin expansion are cost cuts in the fourth quarter and the pricing.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Greg Rufus: Those are far and away the biggest cracks.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: You're still getting an increase.
Greg Rufus: You can almost do the math, Rob. You take out 9%, which is close to a couple of hundred people, and take your guess of that, and what those people cost. And the volume did not come down. The pricing help a smaller impact, but what's contributing is we shipped, than you owe nothing to Boeing in the quarter and that's the lowest margin stuff, usually.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Thats true. But when you said --
Greg Rufus: And then, with the mix sort of within the mix, within the segments was pretty good. But those are secondary effects. The primary effect is the productivity and pricing.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Now, you said, pricing held. Does that mean it doesn't rise or it is isn't enough this hold.
Greg Rufus: Rob, what I mean, hold is the same kind of a patterns you've seen in the past. And there was our process, our results have not changed significantly.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And if we go back to --
Greg Rufus: Now, the market has not hurt it.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Right. And Carter was asking you about the flow and timing and I would agree that if the airliners see some kind of production cut that may not happen till the back end of this calendar year, may not even happen until your fiscal first quarter, next year. How about on the business jet side? Though you've touched on business jet earlier, do you have the same relationship in OE to aftermarket at business, regional and commercial, should we think about it that way? Sort of 25% OE, 75% aftermarket in each of those segments?
Greg Rufus: 25% OE, 75%, let me just think about that, regional its probably not a lot different, because they are in, they are flying commercial transport kind of hours.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Greg Rufus: On business jet it is less so because the business jet on average only flies, pick your number 3-400 hours a year.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Right.
Greg Rufus: So the relationship between the aftermarket and the OEM is not as pronounced just because there is not as much flying hours.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: And should I assume you are going to see a recovery, or your plan expects recovery in biz jet aftermarket before OE?
Greg Rufus: I don't know that I can speak to that, I don't expect that this year. And that would be something out in the future. So I don't know if I can comment on that yet.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Greg Rufus: You are just asking business jets only?
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Yeah, I am focused on business jet because clearly that seems to be from a traffic perspective the hardest hit right now, maybe the most discretionary portion of the flying that's out there. And we have actually seen production rate decreases announced by several manufactures. But we've yet to see that from a airliner the commercial airliner manufacturers?
Nick Howley: That's right. I would say, I can't put an exact number on it, but I would say again to repeat myself. The relationship between the aftermarket and the OEM and the business jet is no where near as pronounced, a commercial transport or defense business or regional business.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And another way of saying that is the biz jet OE maybe more important than on our OEM basis.
Greg Rufus: Yeah, that's right. And then again the simple fact is they don't fly as many hours.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: And then on Boeing you talked a bit of the strike effect in the three months, are they, are you delivering to Boeing at the pre strike levels at this point?
Nick Howley:  Ray, you have the we are close, I dont have.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse:  Up there or not.
Ray Laubenthal:  First off, we not only delivered a Boeing but we also delivered Honeywell and others that supply to Boeing. And you get a little bit muddiness or murkiness and exactly the flow of things since their inventories fluctuate. But we are about their contract I would say, we saw some fluctuations in the first quarter or push outs of orders and even push out the deliveries. We also saw some customers they keep shifting to us we don't want to disrupt any supply during the strike or not. So, some of those inventories will come out perhaps. As the year goes out in the net muddy the picture because some orders will pickup that point place during the first quarters. So it's a tougher thing to quantify but we think it's getting back on track.
Nick Howley:  So, Rob just to clarify on that little bit. I think the three month impact we will see over the year it is probably we saw the majority of that maybe two-thirds of it or so in the first quarter. Rest of its going to kind of dribble out through the year but people would not sit here inventory bills and things like that.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse:  Okay. And then just finally 787 are we are done with design changes there?
Ray Laubenthal:  We hope but it's not done yet. The bulk of our 787 spending this year as I mentioned is lower than last year where the bulk of the work was being done, but there is still some work to be completed. We're hoping to contain that and if there is scope creep going forward we will work to get our fair share.
Greg Rufus:  We believe it's captured in our guidance, so we pick the numbers Rob, our balance we expected going into the year.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse:  While were topic, when does A350 ramp from an R&D perspective?
Greg Rufus: I am trying to remember.
Ray Laubenthal: Well, 2012 I believe is their first flight target but if A380 and 787 are any predictor we might want to add a year or two on to the first dates. So no significant impact in 2009, I doubt there is a big impact in 2010, Rob but we honestly; I am not sure of that yet.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Thanks guys, very impressive quarter.
Nick Howley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Fred Buonocore of CJS Securities, please proceed. 
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Yes, good morning gentlemen, excellent quarter.
Nick Howley: Hi, Fred.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: I just wanted to clarify Nick, and I know David and Carter touched on this is well. So if you look at your top line guidance and you strip out the contribution from APC. It appears that your revenue guidance is actually down from your original guidance, is that entirely comprised of your expectations on OEM are there other drivers of that?
Nick Howley: I guess, I would say Fred, it is sort of capturing our whole concern about the marketplace, I think if you do that math, ends up short of what $10 million or something like that, is that? First I would say that it is not a very big number on $800 million. And I would say, what you are seeing there, is our uncertainty, we are unsure about the OEM we are not feeling terribly confident about the commercial aftermarket we dont think there is a big downside there and the question is there enough defense upside, to offset those risks. And we are concerned.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Got it, and as you mentioned on the defense side being stronger than anticipated and you expect that at least through the first half of the year, what would make it weaken, is there any reason to think that it should not continue at this level?
Greg Rufus: Now I will give you a wise guidance, Fred. If it weaken then please stop buying.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Thats very helpful
Greg Rufus: I told you that you'll find that helpful.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: I laughed right into it.
Nick Howley: We are essentially, in this uncertain time, we have a transition of administration. They're buying at a very high level, higher than we would have expected. They bought it at a higher level, frankly that we even would have expected last year. We see no indication yet that that's softening.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: And is this replacement equipment for aircraft that are being just chewed up in the Middle East or --
Nick Howley: It's almost across the board. It's repairing overhaul of cycled-out stuff, its upgrades of products, it's ground equipment where the gun motors are getting re-worked, spare parts. I can't, its still sort of a rising tide is picking up all the ships.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Got it. And then on the cargo side of things, do you have any sense for what your exposure to the cargo aircraft market is, just, given the huge drops that markets have seen in the last couple of quarters?
Nick Howley: I would say, it is less than the install base of cargo aircraft which is relatively low, and percentage of the total base, I can't remember the exact number. But we don't have any disproportionate exposure. If any cargo is probably a little less because you don't have a lot of the passenger related spare parts in there.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Okay. And then, just finally, I bet you touched on this a little bit in your prepared remarks, inventory in the channel. So, this is what your kind of saying that you think that the airline inventories may be kind of in a better shape or maybe they are more right sized at this point than may be they were 90 days ago?
Greg Rufus: I guess there is two ways to look at, two areas of inventory to look at. In the distribution channel we think it was roughly flat over the quarter.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Right.
Greg Rufus: And as we've told before they have contractual levels of inventory. Now if the demand continues to drop, that will be impacted, but it was roughly flat over the quarter. It's tough to get a number on the system wide airline inventory. But our general sense is there was some de-stocking over the quarter. And I don't, again Fred I don't have real good I dont have good numbers on this. But just as history repeats itself I suspect that's not done. There is probably some more of that to come.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Okay got it. 
Nick Howley: And we would hope, I would hope it can't go on through the air. And it would start to bottom out, somewhere mid year for us.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Okay well thanks very much and great quarter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Karl Oehlschlaeger of Macquarie Capital. Please proceed.
Karl Oehlschlaeger - Macquarie Research Equities:  Hey guys good morning.
Nick Howley: Good morning.
Karl Oehlschlaeger - Macquarie Research Equities: Congratulations for the quarter. In terms of your margin, it's the real strong margin. We saw in the quarter, you talked a little bit about different things that were impacting it. One of them being mix and obviously the Boeing strike that lower margin business there was less. But can you talk about the impact, in sort of, in terms of numbers in basis points so what that was on the quarter. And then beyond that there was favorable mix sort of in general maybe give little bit more color around what that favorable mix was a result of?
Greg Rufus: Karl, to do detailed reconciliation would I think cause confusion. But again as Nick said, the big numbers for the quarter were the impact of the rift that we had in the fourth quarter and we had strong pricing. By far those were the two biggest items that improved our margin for the quarter of the EBITDA line. If I start throwing numbers around, it would just confuse a lot of people with detailed reconciliations over a phone call.
Karl Oehlschlaeger - Macquarie Research Equities:  Okay. With in terms of just sort of the favorable mix can you talk just qualitatively where is that outlook, what sort of products are generating higher margin time? When you say favorable mix are you talking OEM versus aftermarket or you are talking specific products versus or --?
Greg Rufus:  What I would say is the favorable mix is made up of two things. One, we didn't shift pretty much to Boeing, and that's the lowest margin stock to be shifted typically. So that is just not doing that tends to give you little mix up. And I would say just sort of when I call the mix within the mix sort of the selection of parts and items that's sold through the quarter, were a little better than usual. But what I wanted to keep emphasizing here Karl is that, that's the tail kind of, that's the small number. The big number in the margin, in the better margin is cost reduction. This cost reduction carrying in terms of prior quarter and our normal pricing activity.
Karl Oehlschlaeger - Macquarie Research Equities:  Alright, great, thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line [Jack Wegner with MVX Asset Management]. Please proceed.
Jack Wegner - MVX Asset Management:  Good morning. Could you just share with us breakdown of the backlog between defense and the commercial?
Greg Rufus:  No, we do not disclose that.
Jack Wegner - MVX Asset Management:  Okay. And is there any flexibility regarding the backlog of customers canceling contracts or orders?
Nick Howley: You mean can they go away?
Jack Wegner - MVX Asset Management: Yes.
Nick Howley: Well, I mean, they can always the commercial transport guys can always reschedule, in other words if they are producing 100 planes a year we are selling them a 100 parts a year, they dropped the rate down to 60 planes a year they can drop their consumption rate down to 60.
Jack Wegner - MVX Asset Management: Okay.
Nick Howley: We can not keep giving them 100 parts when they are going to produce only 60 airplanes. They can not cancel although they can stretch them out for sure, Defense Department always has the right to reject the contracts as long as they pay you for any cost incurred.
Jack Wegner - MVX Asset Management: Okay, and regarding seasonality, can you share with us on your seasonality that you have experienced during the year, if there is any?
Nick Howley: I would say there isn't heck of lot of seasonality in revenues usually and this can vary particularly when you are in a market transition point. These rules can get knocked out whether in a steady state, usually our first quarter is a little lower because there is less production days primarily not because there is a big change in intrinsic demand.
Jack Wegner - MVX Asset Management: Okay, thank you. Also lastly, you purchased some stock in the last quarter, do you plan on continue to buyback stock, or is there any plans to pay down debt?
Nick Howley: We approved $50 million stock buyback, with the rate whether will do that or the rate in which we do it is something we don't disclose and we just kind of play that as we look at the value and move forward each day-by-day.
Jack Wegner - MVX Asset Management: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: You have no further questions.
Sean Maroney: Okay. Thanks everyone for calling in and participating in today's call this morning. And one last thing is you could expect to see our 10-Q files in the next day or so. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-08-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sean Maroney  Director of Corporate Accounting and IR Nick Howley  Chairman and CEO Ray Laubenthal  President and COO Greg Rufus  EVP, CFO and Secretary
Analysts: Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities David Strauss  UBS Matt Vitros [ph]  Barclays Jason Howard [ph]  News, Inc. [ph]
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter TransDigm Group Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Sue, and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator instructions) I would like now to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Sean Maroney, Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Sean Maroney:  Thank you, Sue. I'd like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2008 third quarter earnings conference call. With me on the line this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at www.transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during its call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the information regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors included in the company's latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The company would also like to advice you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined and adjusted net income, both of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of EBITDA as defined and adjusted net income to that measure. Now having taken care of the necessary disclosures, Ill turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Howley:  Good morning, everyone, and our thanks again for calling in to hear about our company this quarter. As I did last quarter, I'd like to start off with some comments about both our stock price, our strategy and performance, the company's consistent ability to create, what Ill call, intrinsic equity value, and our current sense of the aerospace market as applies at least to our business. Our stock price has dropped about 20% since the start of our fiscal year, thats October 1. We dont believe this to be reflective of the underlying value of our business, but we understand this is directionally consistent with the decrease in valuations among other aerospace companies and I suspect driven significantly by fuel cost concerns and the related airline activities. However, I still believe our business model is unique in both the stability and diversity of our products and market segments. To summarize some of the reasons that we believe this, to remind everyone, about 95% of our sales are generated by proprietary products; about 80% of our sales come from products for which we are the sole source provider; about 60% of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from the aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and provided significant stability in the downturn. The equity market reaction and the discounted values seem inconsistent with the relative stability of aftermarket demand to me. In fact, most analyses that I have seen tend to indicate some modest growth in worldwide traffic in the next year in spite of the currently difficult fuel price and economic situation, though with a low rate in recent years. With our uniquely high EBITDA margins, which run 46% or higher, and a relatively low capital requirements thats in the 2% to 3% revenue range, TransDigm has year-in and year-out generated very strong free cash flow. This has given us the flexibility to pursue acquisitions, optimize our capital structure, or take whatever actions that we feel are necessary to maximize our value through all phases of the market. We have a well proven, value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our three value drivers. Thats new business development, continual cost improvement, and value-based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methodology. This consistent approach has worked for us to up and down markets and allowed us to continually improve and increase the intrinsic value of our businesses. We've been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace product component businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have in total acquired 22 such businesses and we've been able to acquire and improve aerospace component businesses right through the cycles. Through a consistent focus on, one, our operating value drivers; two, our clear acquisition strategy; and three, close attention to our capital structure. We've been able to create intrinsic equity value for our shareholders for many years right through the cycles. The performance after 9/11 for the EBITDA grew and margins expanded right through the downturn was the most recent example. This consistency does not seem to us to be fully recognized and valued at this time. Our revenues continued strong in Q3 and we expect them to remain so in Q4. At this time, we expect 2009 revenues to be above the 2008 levels. However, as I said earlier, it appears increasingly possible that fiscal year 2009 could see low, if any, growth in worldwide air traffic. At this time it appears the demand for commercial OEM production remains strong and should do so in the next year. I suspect this may well be due to our newness in the public equity market. Our past practice, consistent with our value focused management methodology, has been to reduce our cost structure ahead of any potentially softening market conditions. Over the past cycle, this has proven to be an effective means of protecting long-term shareholder value. We have begun this process and expect to have made significant cost reductions by the end of our fiscal year Q4. We will closely monitor our cost structure in the market conditions as we move into the next year. Our philosophy has always been to get out ahead of any potential market condition and adjust our cost structure quickly. As I said, we will monitor this closely as we move into 2009 and we can adjust up or down as the market environment clarifies. As you can see from our press release, in spite of a softening in both economic outlook and the aerospace market, and excluding any additional acquisitions, we feel comfortable again increasing our guidance from the previous EPS midpoint of $2.72 a share to an adjusted guidance of $2.77 a share at the midpoint, all on an adjusted basis. This improvement comes primarily from two areas; one, a modest increase in the base operating performance; and two, the contribution from the recent CEF acquisition. Greg will give a little more detail on this guidance in his section. We continue to beat the bushes for more businesses to buy. We maintain our consistent focus on proprietary aerospace components with significant aftermarket content. I'm confident we'll find more, but the timing is always tough to predict. With respect to our underlying markets for the balance of the year, in the commercial OEM area, build-out works appear stable for the balance of the year and with the exception of the 787 delays about as we anticipated. In the commercial aftermarket, we are beginning to see some signs of a slowdown in growth, especially in North America, as the fuel prices and economic conditions seem to be beginning to take a toll. The quarterly numbers can bounce around. I remind you over a longer period of time, our real aftermarket volume has generally been able to track at or a bit ahead of overall worldwide traffic trends. Also just to remind everyone again, the DC9/MD80s, Classic 737s and the 727 platforms, most at risk of retirement, make up only about 3% of our last years revenues. The defense business continues better than we anticipated. We are cautious regarding the market outlook, the confidence and the strength of our unique business model to continue to create value. Now let me turn to our specific financial performance for this quarter. I'll remind you this is the third quarter review for fiscal year 2008. Our fiscal year started October 1. We are three-quarters of the way through the year. Also as Ive said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, transient inventory fluctuations in the system, modest seasonality and some other factors. In spite of some timing issues, we had a good year-to-date and third quarter. Revenues are up about 24% on a year-to-date basis and 18% on a quarter versus prior quarter basis. Pro forma growth, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods, is up about 10% on a year-to-date basis and about 12% on a quarter three versus quarter three basis. Thats in spite of a down drag from certain one-time items impacting the comparisons. Revenues by market segment, again, on a pro forma basis versus the prior year, that is assuming again we own the same mix of businesses. In the commercial segment, which makes up about three-quarters of our volume, first in the commercial OEM area, its up about 12% on a quarter-over-quarter basis and about 8% on a year-to-date basis. Though both sectors grew on both the quarterly and year-to-date basis, our commercial transport sector OEM grew faster than the regional biz jet sector. We still expect our pro forma commercial OEM revenues to be up about 10% for the year. The commercial aftermarket revenue was up about 6% on a year-to-date basis and about 3% on a quarter-to-quarter basis. This year-to-date growth is impacted by two significant one-time items, which we mentioned earlier. First is some one-time activities in shipment timings in comparison to the prior year. The other was the extended maintenance cycle for certain cockpit security components. Additionally, weve now seen some modest inventory adjustment with some of our distributors. If you remove the impact of these three items, our core aftermarket was up almost 10% on a year-to-date basis. Q3 was also impacted but to a lesser degree by some of these items. Given the fuel price situation, the economic outlook, and the airlines financial position, we are now less optimistic regarding the balance of the year in the commercial aftermarket. With no adjustments for one-time items, we now anticipate pro forma commercial aftermarket revenues to be up in the 6% to 8% range for this year versus the prior year. Thats below our previous fiscal year estimate of about 10% growth. In the defense segment, which makes up about a quarter of our revenue, revenues were up over 25% on a quarter versus quarter basis and 20% on a full year basis. Though we saw strength across almost all our product lines, the activity in the aftermarket was particularly strong in the area of helicopter upgrades, both for increased power requirements and to add counter measures. We also saw a lot of activity across a broad range of air-based and ground-based gun positioning products. The defense business is always tough to predict, especially in the political season, always subject to political wins and budget uncertainties. Absent any significant changes, however, we now expect pro forma defense revenues to be up in the mid-teen percentage range versus prior year. This is up from our previous fiscal year estimate. In summary, for the full year we expect our businesses to perform a bit above our initial expectations with a modest shift in aftermarket mix between commercial and defense revenues. Excluding any acquisitions, we expect our overall pro forma revenue growth to be up about 10%, very close to our previous guidance. Moving on now to profitability and on a reported basis now, Im going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. The total adjustments to EBITDA are lower in the current year due to both less acquisition related expenses and we didnt have any secondary offering cost as we did in 07. On a Q3 versus comparable quarter basis, our EBITDA of about $87 million is up about 18% versus the prior year  the prior Q3. The EBITDA margin is 46.6% for Q3 and 46.4% on a year-to-date basis. This is almost the same as the prior year, in spite of the diluted impact of the acquisitions and the ongoing 787 development expenses. These two factors still have a margin impact of about 1.5% to 2.0%  to two points on a year-to-date basis. We still expect to see some margin expansion in Q4. Greg also will give you a little color on that. With respect to the acquisition pipeline, we continue actively looking at opportunities. There is a pipeline of possibilities that are more small than larger opportunities as is typical. They are still slow to close. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation opportunities. Predicting the timing is always difficult. And as Ive said in the past, as a general rule, we're not going to discuss any specifics on acquisitions until theyre closed or unless they're closed. And with that, let me ask Ray Laubenthal just to give you a short bit of color on the Q3 operations.
Ray Laubenthal:  Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, in total third quarter results were as we expected. Our acquisition integration and productivity improvements continue to add solid value. Our new business order activity was strong and the new product development activity made good progress. We continue to price our products to reflect the value we provide to our customers and we also acquired another operating unit, CEF Industries. Let me explain each of these areas in a little more detail. We acquired CEF on May 7. Located in Chicago, CEF designs and manufactures specialized and highly engineered mechanical and electro-mechanical actuators, compressors, pumps and related components. The majority of the company's revenues are military related with the C-130 production program and the large aftermarket supporting the worldwide C-130 installed base being the single biggest platform. Other platforms include the V22, Joint Strike Fighter, the A380, A320, A330 and 340, the F-15, the C-17, as well as certain regional jets and business jets. At CEF, we quickly went to work on transitioning this business to be focused on our three value drivers. We are revising their pricing, we reduced the cost structure by 16% through a work force reduction, and we have focused our new business efforts to target profitable programs. We are in the midst of modifying their go-to-market process. And lastly, to ensure these transition efforts continue, we promoted Pete Palmer, one of our veteran managers, to be the President of this operating unit. At our operating units, productivity projects continue to progress favorably. In addition to the normal blocking and tackling productivity projects, weve started to reduce our cost structure in preparation for possible near-term softness in demand. As Nick mentioned, this initial reduction will be completed by the end of Q4 and then well closely watch the activity level. We continue to be very active finalizing our Boeing 787 designs and manufacturing processes. The development activity and spending continues to be particularly high on our new digital flight audio systems at Avtech. Conversely, the work on our composite fuel and hydraulic isolator products at Adel Wiggins is nearing completion. We expect the development and expense on these projects to come down in Q4, so we anticipate some modest spending to push into our fiscal 2009 year due to the Boeing driven schedule push-outs and design revision. In addition to these new programs, pricing at our operating units is improving consistent with our past actions, hence progressing well. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus who will review our third quarter financial results in more detail.
Greg Rufus:  Thanks, Ray. Good morning, everyone. Again, thanks for calling in. As you have just heard Nick's comment centered on current market conditions, pro forma revenues and EBITDA as the fine comparable results, and Ray gave a brief summary of our value drivers and the integration of CEF this quarter. For those of you who have listened to prior calls, you are aware of the various accounting charges associated with our acquisition activity. As you know, for an acquisitive company like TransDigm, these charges come into play when looking at GAAP financial results compared to prior year comps throughout the year. Consistent with our past practice, all adjustments used to arrive at EBITDA as defined and adjusted EPS are reconciled in this mornings press release. With the CEF acquisition, we will continue to be impacted by purchase price accounting activity through FY 09 and this will activity will continue to be a factor in quarterly comparisons. Today, my comments will focus around third quarter GAAP reported results. Im pleased to report to you that we had another very successful quarter. In a nutshell, the third quarter sales were what we expected, the base margins were strong, the acquisition margins although dilutive continue to improve, and the cash flow was very strong. Let me explain this in detail. Quarter three sales were $186 million, up $28 million or 18% from the prior year. Organic sales were up $18 million or about 12% increase over the prior year. Similar to last quarter, organic sales growth came from strong defense sales, primarily the defense aftermarket and to a lesser extent defense OEM sales across all product lines, an increase in commercial OEM, and an increase in commercial aftermarket sales. In other words, organic sales growth came from all markets. Our recent acquisitions, CEF and Bruce, contributed to the balance of the growth. Reported gross profit was $100 million or 54% of sales. This is an $18 million increase and is 22% greater than the prior year, and it is also greater than our sales growth of 18%. The reported gross profit margin increased approximately 180 basis points versus the prior year. The biggest factor for the improved margin was due to the decrease in purchase price accounting charges between periods. Excluding purchase price accounting charges, gross profit margins improved 60 basis points, including the dilutive impact of the CEF and Bruce acquisitions. The strength of our proprietary product and productivity improvements at our base businesses continued to enable us to expand our margins. Selling and administrative expense was 10.4% of sales for the quarter compared to prior year expense of 11% of sales. Included in the prior year was $1.7 million or about 1% sales of non-recurring expenses associated with the May 07 secondary offering. R&D spending increased from the prior year and was high by historical standards, but consistent with the prior year as a percent of sales for the quarter. Net interest expense was $22 million, a decrease of $4 million, almost 16% versus the prior year third quarter. The decrease in interest expense was due to a lower interest rate. Average interest rate decreased to approximately 6.4% this quarter compared to 7.6% last year. The weighted average debt balance was $1.4 billion for both periods. Regarding our tax provision, our effective tax rate was 36.4% for the quarter compared to a prior year effective tax rate of 37.5%. This current quarter tax rate reflects the favorable impact of our legal entity restructuring, which took place in the fourth quarter of last year and an increase in the domestic manufacturing deductions which was both partially offset by the lower research and development tax credit. We expect our fiscal year 08 effective tax rate to be 36% and our FY '08 cash tax payments to be approximately $40 million. Quarter three net income was $36 million or 19.3% of net sales compared to $22 million, or 14% of net sales in the prior year. This is a 63% improvement versus the prior quarter. The combination of strong EBITDA as defined growth of 18%, a decrease in non-recurring and acquisitions costs, a decrease in interest expense of almost 16%, and a lower effective tax rate, all contributed to this significant increase in net income over the comparable prior quarter. With the net income improvement on a GAAP basis, quarter three diluted earnings per share were $0.72 per share compared to $0.45 per share a year ago, a 60% improvement in this quarterly comparison. Our adjusted diluted earning per share was $0.75 in the third quarter, which was a 39% improvement versus a year ago. Cash generation continues to remain strong. We ended the quarter with $189 million of cash on the balance sheet. We expect our year-end cash on the balance sheet to be around $215 million. As a reminder, we will make our semi-annual payment on our subordinated notes of approximately $22 million and tax payments of approximately $20 million in the fourth quarter. Excluding the purchase of CEF, the company will generate approximately $185 million of cash for the fiscal year 2008, which is over 55% of EBITDA as defined for the full year or 140% of our net income. At the end of the third quarter, our net debt leverage ratio to EBITDA as defined was 3.6 times, a significant improvement from 4.3 times this past September. Id now like to switch subjects. As announced in our pres release this morning, along with Nick mentioning it earlier, we are increasing our guidance for the remainder of the year. We give full year guidance on five items; revenues, GAAP net income, EBITDA as defined, GAAP EPS, and adjusted EPS. All five line items have been increased. Our press release gives all five comparisons. To keep things simple, I will focus on the adjusted earnings per share. Our prior guidance for adjusted EPS was a range of $2.69 to $2.75, or a midpoint of $2.72 per share. Our current guidance for adjusted EPS is in a range of $2.75 to $2.79, or a midpoint of $2.77 per share. The increase in the adjusted EPS midpoint is $0.05 per share, $2.77 less the $2.72. With one quarter remaining this fiscal year, the $0.05 per share increase comes from two areas. $0.02 results from stronger operating performance, including expenses associated with our cost reduction programs that Nick mentioned earlier. $0.03 results from our ownership of CEF, which we acquired in mid-May. This current year estimate of adjusted EPS of $2.77 is 32% greater than our FY 07 EPS of $2.10. On an unadjusted GAAP basis, the 2008 EPS midpoint of $2.61 is 43% greater than the FY 07 earnings per share of $1.83. As I said earlier, we had a very successful third quarter and nine months for fiscal 2008. And with one quarter remaining, its turning out to be one heck of a year. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now open the phone lines for questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers:  Good morning guys.
Nick Howley:  Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers:  Quick question just to clarify something here on the aftermarket. You said the aftermarket revenues year-to-date were up 6%, and you are expecting 6% to 8% for the year, but they were 3% on a quarter-over-quarter basis. So that would seem to imply an acceleration sequentially for next quarter. Do some of these headwinds go away in terms of these extensions in cockpit security retrofits or the inventory adjustment, just trying to square whats going on in the quarterly pattern if its lumpiness or whats really going on there?
Nick Howley:  Carter, I wouldnt draw a whole hell of a lie on the quarterly pattern. I mean, there is enough kind of moving around and little bits of shipments can adjust it from quarter-to-quarter. We feel pretty good with that 6% to 8%, which obviously means we think  we surely dont expect to see any decline or maybe a little move up in the fourth quarter, but I wouldnt  I dont mean to suggest that thats any fundamental change in the market, just more kind of a timing.
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers:  You said that you are beginning to see the weakness presumably in the order rates in North America. Can you provide any more color about other regions around the world? Is there any differentiation in the US versus Europe versus Asia, any color there would be much appreciated?
Nick Howley:  I dont know that I can give you a lot of specifics on that, Carter, and I say that  and the reason I say that is because we settle a fair amount through distribution and sometimes the numbers lag a little on that. You know, youre not right up to date on where everything went. But generally my general sense is its the same as most people are talking about. North America is the toughest hit. As best I can tell, Pacific RIM is doing okay and Europe is kind of in the middle.
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers:  And then with respect to margins and profitability as you look beyond 08, it sounds like there are several pieces here whether its 1.5 to 2.0 points from 787 development expenses in those items, and the drag on the mix, meaning OE growing faster than aftermarket. As you think about going into 09, how does that change? What are your expectations to some of those 787 development expenses in those items? Do they roll off and do we get a reversal of some of these drags in terms of inventory adjustments to distributors and the cockpit security retrofits? Just what are your expectations at least broadly or directionally in terms of margins for next year?
Nick Howley:  I dont think in the company  for the company, Carter, well give that when we give out our guidance for the year. And I dont want to start to kind of peck at it a piece at a time. The one thing I will say on the 787 is, as Ray mentioned, we do expect  or we hope a goodly part of that will be run off by the end of this year.
Ray Laubenthal:  The spending.
Nick Howley:  The spending, as Ray talked to you about that. On the cost reductions, Carter, in the past what weve done  and thats what we are doing again here. When we are in a time of uncertainty, our view has been get out ahead of it quickly, adjust to cost structure as quickly as down as you prudently think you can, and then watch what happens. And thats sort of where we are. We frankly feel little uncertain about next year.
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers:  Fair enough. Thanks a lot guys.
Nick Howley:  Okay.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Hi guys.
Nick Howley:  Hi, good morning, Rob.
Ray Laubenthal:  Hi, Rob.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Good morning. Just to talk I think about the same issues that Carter brought up. The aftermarket, can you talk a little bit about the inventory adjustments youve seen with the distributors and perhaps help us to understand how this connects the capacity cuts that we are all anticipating I guess starting after Labor Day? Are we already seeing those? How  what is the flow that we should be thinking about that you consider from these capacity cuts?
Nick Howley:  Let me answer that kind of generically first and then maybe a little specifically, Rob. I would say its tough to tie them directly. My general experience is, when the market starts to soften a little bit, people start to get nervous and you start to see a little bit of inventory adjustment all through the system. Its always tough to tell what the airlines have. The distributors, we can get a better look at. And I dont want to overplay that. Thats not a big number, but its a slight down drag. Most of the distributors or most of our largest distributors have agreements that require them to hold X months in inventory. And the months is different depending on the product line. So to the extent that they start to see or perceive any softening, they start to pull their inventories in a little bit. Now again we havent seen a lot of it. Weve just seen a little bit of the start of it here recently. And well see how it goes forward. I mean, it ultimately is a function of what happens to the end demand.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  So we should be thinking  from that answer, Nick, it sounds like some distributors have been above, I dont know, how significantly above that minimum inventory level, you know, simply allowing themselves less cushion.
Nick Howley:  Yes  not much. Most of them are pretty darn close to their contracted levels, but if their outflow moves off a little or they start to think its a little, they will start to stretch the deliveries a little bit.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Okay. So theres not that much downside from an inventory perspective since they are close to those?
Nick Howley:  Yes. I would say not  you know, its almost you make your judgment on what you think the end result is going to drop off, which it hasnt a lot yet. You get a little bit of a ripple, just like you will in the airlines. The airline numbers are tougher to see, but to some degree you see the same thing. They overreact a little at the beginning of a downturn.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  And going back to  Carter touched on this with the 6% rising perhaps to a 6% to 8% level by the end of the year, and considering your answer to that in terms of the specifics are tough to nail down, let me try it out at a different way. Sequentially, quarter-to-quarter. So Im talking about June to September, September to December, on an absolute basis, absolute dollars in aftermarket. Okay? Organic aftermarket. Are we going to see an increase off this June quarter as we get into September and December, or is this the area that you really do think we are going to start to flatten out on?
Nick Howley:  Well, we gave you  let me answer that first by saying, it is  this is the area that we are most uncertain about, Rob. I mean, its pretty easy. As you know, its pretty easy, you take a pretty good shot at the commercial OEM rates. If you miss that 90 days out, you are in trouble. The aftermarket is where we feel the most uncertainty going into next year. I would say  you know, you see our guidance for the fourth  and you see our annual guidance for the aftermarket, which just by the math tells you we dont expect next quarter to be down. I know it couldnt be 6% on the year  6% year-to-date and 6% to 8% on the year if the next quarter drops.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  But that also has to do with the comps and whats in last years quarter and so on. Thats why I asked about it on an absolute basis.
Nick Howley:  You mean on the fourth quarter against the prior year fourth quarter?
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Yes.
Nick Howley:  I dont  let me just  the truth of the matter is, I am not sure I know that number. Lets see if I can quickly see it.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  I dont recall what was in last years fourth quarter, but if it was a weak-ish quarter, you could have a great growth rate, but its misleading on an absolute basis.
Greg Rufus:  No, last years last quarter was a pretty good quarter.
Nick Howley:  Yes. No, we expect it to be up over the fourth quarter of last year  I just want to  on a pro forma basis again, assuming we own the same mix of businesses.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Okay. And the whole point to this, and you guys knew you are going to be asked about the aftermarket 
Greg Rufus:  Yes, sure.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Very clear that its a focus area for you. For the obvious reasons, were all interested in it. I just go back to  youve talked about 3% revenue exposure to the aircraft debt [ph] issue, the older airplanes that are up for consideration for grounding, and I try to think about if its only 3% exposure and youve got the kind of commercial aftermarket growth rate youve got, Im trying to see if I  what would justify a flattish aftermarket number next year or if thats conservative? Or are we starting to see pressure trickle into some of the introduction platforms?
Nick Howley:  Rob, I cant  I dont know that I have that much specificity on our view yet for next year. We are primarily looking at our internal information and sort of taking data on what other people seem to be forecasting for world traffic miles. And youve probably seen them, most of what I see bantered around. Our numbers like North America down 0% to 5%; Pacific RIM up maybe 5%, 6%, 7%; and Europe flattish. When you weight those out, you get a relatively modest growth next year. We are picking up on that and saying, I dont know that I have any reason at this point to disagree with that. And Id add to that my other experience has been when the market starts to slow, people tend to overreact for a quarter or two in the industry. So 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  What Im hearing from you, Nick, not to belabor the point 
Nick Howley:  Yes.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  But is that maybe you think the overreaction will be on the A320s or the 777s, because there I think the growth rates will be higher and thats what I think youve attempted to tell us is where your greater exposure is, 737NG et cetera.
Nick Howley:  Carter, you are drawing more out of this than Im saying.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Okay.
Nick Howley:  What Im saying is, we look at the data we have, we look at the economic situation, we look at the forecast that the different analysts are making for revenue passenger miles, and we look at that and say, 09 is something we have some concern about.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  All right.
Nick Howley:  As I told you before, generally we are able over any extended period track the worldwide traffic miles. I also say in the beginning of a softening, people tend to overreact some and its not always logical and its not always by platform, its just nervousness.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  I think thats a fair point.
Nick Howley:  So thats why we are, I would say, cautious. Thats why we, as we have in the past, while we tend to  as soon as we get any snip of kind of some market softening, we tend to twine and tweak in our cost structure as fast as we can and then see what happens. And thats sort of where we stand. We feel uncertain.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Okay. Okay, thanks very much, Nick.
Nick Howley:  Okay, Rob. Sorry, did I call you Carter, Rob? I apologize.
Operator:  And your next call comes from the line of Fred Buonocore from CJS Securities. Please proceed.
Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities:  Yes, good morning. Very nice quarter, gentlemen.
Ray Laubenthal:  Thank you.
Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities:  So, I guess after all that weve established that you have got some concern and uncertainty over the aftermarket for FY 09 and there is a scenario where commercial air travel could be flat for 2009. And I think thats not a surprise to anybody. Can you help us then understanding that youre not planning on giving any FY 09 guidance until your Q4 announcement? Nick, can you help us kind of build up maybe a way to think about potential revenue growth in a zero RPM growth scenario for next year?
Nick Howley:  Well, Im not going to back in to giving guidance yet for 2009.
Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities:  No  of course.
Nick Howley:  (inaudible) God forbid, you would hate me to do that, right?
Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities:  No, definitely not.
Nick Howley:  By the way, let me start off by saying, Rob, Im sorry, I called you Carter at the end there. I think in a flat RPM environment, I would expect we would still get our pricing. With that  and if I take history, after 9/11, that was not an issue and I dont expect this to be anywhere near that kind of a disruption. So youd still see that. I would expect I think in 2009  as we said, we still expect the OEM business to be bullish in 2009. The defense business I think is kind of a judgment call.
Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities:  So, aside from kind of the vagaries as a government budget process, is there anything transpiring on the defense side of things that would give you any reason to believe that anything should change dramatically in the next six months on?
Nick Howley:  Other than what I will tell is defense business is historically difficult to predict in the short-term, particularly in the political season.
Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities:  Got it. And then just on the acquisition environment, you talked about deals still continuing to be slow to close, but have you seen continued trend in maybe multiple potential sellers are expecting or prices  potential prices coming out?
Nick Howley:  I would say we still see  were still seeing a reasonable amount of activity. In other words, we are seeing transactions  and were seeing potential transactions. Things are closing slower, moving slower. Some of that I think is just uncertainty in an uncertain market, in an uncertain aerospace market and economy. Some of it I think is a sort of bid ask spread. Everyone remembers that their buddy [ph] got 12 times EBITDA two years ago and why cant I. And then that market  those are sort of the things we see. What we know is things are moving little slower.
Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities:  And then it sounds like really your priorities for cash havent changed one bit in the face of what could be a tough 2009. Is that a fair assessment?
Nick Howley:  Our priorities are the same as they always are. Our first priority with our cash is to make accretive acquisitions of proprietary aerospace component businesses with significant aftermarket content. Thats our first priority. As long as we think there is a reasonable possibility that we can utilize the money that way and maintain our flexibility, thats what well do.
Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities:  Got it. And then financially in addition to cost-cutting that youve talked about in your ongoing productivity initiatives, are there any other actions that you can talk about, that you can take to continue the strong performance weve come to expect from the company in the face of what could be a tough year? Or the other costs?
Nick Howley:  I think what Ive told you before the cost side, were making a pretty decent adjustment here in the fourth quarter and that what well do there is well just well watch and see what happens. I will tell you historically I expect we could do it in the past, if the market gets tougher, then we might have thought, you will see us adjust some more. If we overshot a little, well fine with tweaking that back in.
Fred Buonocore  CJS Securities:  Right. And anything you can do to make up what somewhat might be a slowdown on the top line?
Nick Howley:  Yes. We will do what we can. Historically what we do is our three value drivers; our price, productivity or cost, and new business. Well work the most hard as we can. Usually weve been able to  not usually, almost always weve been able to find a way to see ourselves through softening markets.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of David Strauss from UBS. Please proceed.
David Strauss  UBS:  Thanks. Nick, have you spoken specifically on the call? I didnt hear what youre doing on the cost side at this point, is this headcount or is this SG&A or what exactly are you doing at this point?
Nick Howley:  First, its  primarily what we have done so far is headcount. The largest chunk of our cost, if you take out materials, is people cost by a very significant amount. That basically is what you have to work with. And thats what weve been  we are in the process now of adjusting headcount at least for this present effort, most of which will be concluded by the end of September.
David Strauss  UBS:  How much are you looking to take out with this move as a percent of total?
Nick Howley:  Close to 10%.
David Strauss  UBS:  Okay. And how does that compare to?
Nick Howley:  And other related and other  close to10% in the headcount and then there is other related expenses that go with that.
David Strauss  UBS:  And that 10% will be out by the beginning of next fiscal year?
Nick Howley:  Yes.
David Strauss  UBS:  Okay. And is that about inline with what you did post 9/11?
Nick Howley:  No, you took out little more post 9/11. We dont feel quite that nervous.
David Strauss  UBS:  And I guess in relation to that in terms of your cost structure, it looks like last cycle you were able to hold your gross margins and your SG&A as a percent of sales went down pretty nicely and I know youve got R&D baked into that. Your SG&A looks like got down to about 8.5% of sales. Is that a level that you think you could get to again this time? Is that kind of a objective that kind of hold gross margins and bring down the SG&A?
Nick Howley:  Well, we dont look at it that way. We look at it on EBITDA margin. And our hope with this  I dont want to get into forecasting next years margins.
Greg Rufus:  And I would just like to point out that going back to 9/11 versus now, our composition of the company has changed with our acquisitions too. So we dont want to reference a prior target like that. Its just every cost between sales and EBITDA is what we look for, David.
Nick Howley:  Yes, thats right. I mean, we just dont think of it that way. We think of the whole cost basis we have to adjust. But I would say we would surely hope that we could keep our margins, our EBITDA margins consistent. We hope we might be able to do a little better.
David Strauss  UBS:  Okay. And then looking back kind of 2001 through 2003, what do you think your organic revenue growth was during that period? If you  obviously you adjust for acquisitions. I think you bough Champion during that period. And if you also exclude the Airbus cockpit door mandate, it looks like your revenues were relatively on that kind of basis were relatively flat over that period. Does that look about right?
Ray Laubenthal:  Going back history, what weve looked at was our commercial aftermarket for the first six to nine months did drop, but it was offset mostly by a big pickup in defense. So when you total them all up, it was pretty close to flat. And pricing, but he has  I think he asked for a two-year stretch.
David Strauss  UBS:  Yes, just kind of looking 
Ray Laubenthal:  And specifically not the two years but in that time frame, thats what happened. In the year after 
Nick Howley:  In the year after. I just don't remember with the two years. I dont need 
David Strauss  UBS:  So your aftermarket was down a little bit including price?
Ray Laubenthal:  No, no.
Nick Howley:  No, no, we are just talking on the organic market  the market itself.
David Strauss  UBS:  Okay. And then Greg, interest expense this quarter was down a couple million bucks and your debt level has been changed. Whats going on there? I know you have some 
Greg Rufus:  Well, we entered into a couple of hedging contracts during the course of this year. It had proven out to be paying off right now.
David Strauss  UBS:  Okay. All right guys thanks.
Greg Rufus:  The LIBOR is down too, David. Youre right.
David Strauss  UBS:  Yes, I know some of its variable. Okay, thanks guys.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers:  Yes, just one sort of housekeeping thing. Greg, could you tell us what the sales contribution from CEF was in the quarter?
Greg Rufus:  We havent disclosed the top line. I gave the EPS impact of over about  we bought it in the middle of May?
Nick Howley:  Yes.
Greg Rufus:  And we typically, Carter, don't break out the location top lines and give  disclose it publicly.
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers:  Okay.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Matt Vitros [ph] from Barclays. Please proceed.
Matt Vitros  Barclays:  Good morning, guys. Not so hard on it, but I just want to be a little bit more clear, I mean we always talk about the proprietary products in the aftermarket and how that gives you absolute pricing power, and not to get into too much of a what-if, but say RPMs here domestically were a little bit lower than you expected. Can you just talk about your absolute level of pricing power, do you get a lot of pushback, or is the fact that their sole source in selling proprietary products that powerful and give you the ability to really push price?
Nick Howley:  Well, we dont disclose our absolute level of pricing. So I can answer that one easily. I can tell you that we generally get our pricing through all phases of the market cycle. The best measurement is, after 9/11, during that period of time we were able to get our pricing and our pricing stuck, and Id expect it to stick next year and this year.
Matt Vitros  Barclays:  Okay. And then just a quick clarification, in your presentation for your Analyst Day, there was a small pie-chart that showed I think 24%, 25% of your sales come from overseas or foreign sources and 75% I guess is here domestically. So if we expect air traffic to be slower here domestically, wouldnt you be more awaited to that 0% to 5% decline or is there a different way we should be thinking about that?
Nick Howley:  Greg, I dont know whether his number is complete.
Greg Rufus:  I know. What that 
Matt Vitros  Barclays:  Am I looking at the wrong thing?
Nick Howley:  No, there were two pie charts. The one on the left was how we report sales for GAAP basis, if you are looking at that specific schedule.
Matt Vitros  Barclays:  Yes, thats what Im looking at, yes.
Nick Howley:  And when we report our sales, it appears that more of our sales are US related and then  but they are really not. And how you have to think of that is there is a pie chart right next to it.
Matt Vitros  Barclays:  The installed base?
Nick Howley:  The installed base. And you have to think of our sales being consumed where the installed base was. So that was a point of clarification when you read the 10-K. For example, you sell to Aviall, thats all domestic sale, but they sell all over the world. You sell to Boeing. Thats a domestic sale, but they export all over the world. So that was a clarification point of what is in the 10-K versus our business is really impacted by what goes on in the world and where the installed base is.
Matt Vitros  Barclays:  Understood. So it really is a global traffic number that would impact your?
Nick Howley:  Absolutely.
Matt Vitros  Barclays:  Okay, perfect. Thank you very much guys.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Jason Howard [ph] from News, Inc. [ph]. Please proceed.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Hi guys. First a couple of clarifications from earlier questions. The question that was asked earlier about your revenues, organic revenues after 9/11, did I hear you right? You said the aftermarket overall for the industry was down a little bit. You guys were down I think you said a little bit. But then that was offset by pricing? Can you just go back to that and just explain what happened to the industry itself and to you guys aftermarket revenues, say, like for the next six to 12 months after 9/11?
Nick Howley:  I dont remember the exact numbers. But I will say the best indication of our aftermarket is revenue passenger miles. And if you take the year after 9/11, I want to say the worldwide traffic over that 12-month period came down, I would say, something in the mid-single digits kind of range as a percent.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Okay.
Nick Howley:  And generally our pricing was able to offset that. In addition , the defense aftermarket grew quite rapidly over that period. Now this is just core, core sort of over the TransDigm stuff. Additionally we were able to get a very large cockpit security retrofit order that significantly pushed up the aftermarket volume. So those are sort of the pieces of it after 9/11.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Okay. So would you say that  I know you dont have the numbers handy, but is it fair to say that excluding the cockpit door mandate that you think that your aftermarket revenues after 9/11 were essentially flat because volume was down but pricing was up.
Nick Howley:  I think I do not remember the absolute numbers, but I  you got the general concept.
Greg Rufus:  And we are starting to blend the couple fiscal years here because the shipments for cockpit security took place in 03.
Nick Howley:  Yes, right.
Greg Rufus:  So, you cant  I mean, you can only look at a portion of that.
Nick Howley:  But I think conceptually  I mean, those are the pieces and youre in the right direction.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Okay. So that mandate actually wouldnt have really helped revenues in 2002 anyway, fiscal 02, if you were really shipping?
Ray Laubenthal:  Which subject?
Nick Howley:  (inaudible) you lost me.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Well, the cockpit shipment.
Ray Laubenthal:  Yes, we only started shipping that in the fourth quarter of 02. Its like maybe 7 million or 8 million.
Nick Howley:  Yes, and those are disclosed numbers, by the way. If you look in the 10-Ks, I dont remember them, but we  I think we supplied the numbers for cockpit security because its still large.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Okay. So, is it fair to say that you got about fiscal 09 just in general, if RPM  worldwide RPMs are flat, which would be quite soft relative to historical levels, if RPMs are flat, then you guys would think that your business model, just the aftermarket itself, revenues would still be up because volume would be flat because you generally track the aftermarket, but youll still get pricing of, say, 2% to 3%. And then that would slow down actually to even the fast rate EBITDA growth because you would also trade volume for pricing, right, because thats just more profitable, because that flows through bottom line. Is that fair for the business model in general? And Im not asking for specific 09 guidance. Im just asking is that how you think about your aftermarket business.
Nick Howley:  Let me make a couple of comments to be sure I understand you. Yes, directionally thats the way we think about it. Now I would tell you for 09, all that would be true assuming everybody operated in steady state. But what can happen in the downturn is you can get a couple of quarters of people overreacting. So you can get X percent revenue passenger miles and for a couple of quarters you can get X minus parts sales because people start to draw inventories down or they just get nervous and dont order. That cant last very long, but it can last for a quarter or so at the beginning of a downturn. So you have that working against you. But you have the model correct. The other thing I would add is, I dont know if you are implying that there are some trade-off between our price and our volume. In other words, if we put the price up, we lose volume. If you are, I dont agree with that.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Yes  no, no, I was just saying that all else being equal, EBITDA will grow faster on a 3% price increase versus a 3% volume increase.
Nick Howley:  And by the way, Im not confirming 3% and Im not saying the 3% is in the right range even
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  No, no, I understand. What was your pricing after 9/11, like in fiscal 02? I thought it was like 2% or 3%.
Nick Howley:  That  when we talk, thats low.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Thats low, okay. And the last question is, historically what has been the volatility in that overreaction? I mean, when you say X minus, again Im not?
Nick Howley:  Very difficult to predict. Very difficult to predict. All I can say theres typically some overreaction. I dont have a good sense and I dont know that there has been any consistency to it.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Okay. Is it ever like as high as 10% or anything like that?
Nick Howley:  I told you I dont feel comfortable in the number. 10% sounds high to me though.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Okay. Just trying to get some order of magnitude of how  obviously just hitting the downside.
Nick Howley:  I mean, theres not tons of inventory out in the system.
Jason Howard  News, Inc.:  Okay. Its unlikely you would see that level. Okay, thanks very much.
Operator:  And you have a follow-up question from Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Nick, Ray, Greg, Im thinking about youve all talked about the expenses that you can reduce next year. And I think you all have a very good track record on this sort of thing and our margins in general. And so I want to delve into that a little bit. If I just take my own model and look at the costs about the EBITDA as defined line, I think one of you mentioned thats the way to think about this?
Nick Howley:  Right.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Everything about that number. So if we have roughly, I dont know, lets call it 380 million in cost between revenue and EBITDA in 08, thats a rough number because we dont have the fourth quarter yet, how should we think about the labor component of that number?
Nick Howley:  Rob, youre just taking the revenues and subtracting the EBITDA, right, saying everything else is cost?
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Correct.
Nick Howley:  Is that basically what youre doing? Okay.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Well, only because you phrased it that way and I just figured it was the easiest way to attack this here.
Nick Howley:  Thats the way we look at it.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  And so when we talk about a 10% reduction, what piece of that are we reducing?
Nick Howley:  We are reducing  yes, the 10%, by the way, just to be sure, thats headcount reduction. I said a little less than 10%.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  And you said there were associated costs. So maybe the right way to ask the question is, what headcount  or what percentage of that figure is headcount thats addressable here?
Nick Howley:  Yes, fair point. Rob, I would say if you take our cost structure, and Ive said this many times in the past. If you take that cost, that lump of cost that you came up with, what I guess it was 380 million, this isnt exactly right, but its something like half material or outside buys and half inside costs.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Okay. The inside cost, and divvy that up a little bit?
Nick Howley:  Yes, and if you take the inside cost, you might have  the big chunk of that is wages in some way, shape, or form, and benefits. Its not  I dont know this number exactly. Its not 90% of it, but its surely well above 50%.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Okay. So about some number above a quarter?
Nick Howley:  Youre going  youre going to try and get a cutback number out of me. And Im not willing to 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  No, I understand. Im not trying to get you to give us 09 here, but Im trying to come out with a decent construct for figuring out how youre cost initiatives can affect margin next year and can they actually more than offset what we might see in terms of weakness on the top line of all this commercial aerospace stuff end up happening?
Nick Howley:  Rob, what we are reacting to is the fact that if the OEM continues to rise and the aftermarket growth slows down, you get a mix in the wrong direction.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Absolutely. And its more acute for you than it is for almost anybody else?
Nick Howley:  Pardon?
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  In your particular business mix, its more noticeable.
Nick Howley:  Thats right.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  And it is for other guys who are less reliant on the aftermarket, less profitable on the aftermarket.
Nick Howley:  Thats right. So one of the things we are trying to do is we are  we dont know exactly what that mix swing going to look like. As I told you, were uncertain going forward to next year. Were trying to get enough cost out up ahead of the problem that we feel that we are close enough that we wont get our sales and margin squeeze here.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse:  Okay. Fair enough. I think we can back in. Thank you.
Operator:  Sir, at this time you have no more questions.
Sean Maroney:  Okay. Id like to thank everybody for calling in today and Id like to let you know that we will be filing our 10-Q in the next couple of days. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sean Maroney - Director of Corporate Accounting and IR W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and CEO Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and COO Gregory Rufus - EVP, CFO and Secretar
Analysts: David Strauss - UBS Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities Brian Gesai - Helm Partners
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2008 TransDigm Group Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Nikita and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operators Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Sean Maroney, Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Sean Maroney - Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations: Thank you. I'd like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2008 second quarter earnings conference call. With me on the line this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the Company would like to remind you that statements made during its call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the information regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors included in the Company's latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the Investors Section of our website or though the SEC's website at sec.gov. The Company would also like to advice you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined and adjusted net income, both of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of EBITDA as defined and adjusted net income to that measure. Now having taken care of the necessary disclosures, let me introduce Nick Howley, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of the business for the second quarter at fiscal 2008 year.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thanks for calling in to hear about our company again this quarter. I'd like to start off this call with some comments about our stock price, our steady strategy and performance, the Company's consistence ability to create equity value through the cycle and our current sense of where the aerospace market stands as applies to our business. As you probably know, our stock price as of Friday had dropped to about 15% since the start of fiscal year, that is, on October 1st. Though there has been some upward movement today, we of course don't like this drop. We understand that it's directionally consistent with the decreases in valuation among the other aerospace companies. However, we believe our business model is unique in this industry. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 95% of our sales are generated by proprietary products; about 80% of our sales come from products for which we are the sole source provider; about 60% of our revenue and a much higher percent of our EBITDA come from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced the higher gross margin and provided significant stability in the down cycles. Because of our uniquely high EBITDA margins, which run 46% or more and relatively low capital requirements which typically run 2% plus or minus a little, TransDigm has year-in and year-out generated very strong free cash flow. This has given us the flexibility to either pursue acquisitions, optimize our capital structure or take whatever other actions we think are appropriate to maximize our value. We have a well proven, value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our three value drivers of new business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methodology. This consistent approach has allowed us to continually improve and increase the value of our business. We've been successful in regularly acquiring and integrating businesses. We acquire proprietary aerospace component businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have in total acquired 22 such businesses and we've been able to buy and improve these businesses right through the cycles. For many years, the Company has performed in both up and down markets through our consistent focus on these operating value drivers, a clear precise acquisition strategy, close attention to our capital structure. We've been able to create real equity value for our shareholders through all phases. The performance after 9/11 for the EBITDA as defined grew right through the downtime was the most recent example. This consistency does not seem to us to be fully recognized and valued at this time. I suspect this may well be due to our newness in the public equity market. As you can see from our press release, in spite of a concerning economic outlook and excluding any acquisitions, we feel comfortable increasing our guidance from the previous EPS midpoint by about $0.24 a share. That's on an adjusted basis or about 10%. This improvement comes primarily from two areas: an increase in the base operating performance in revenues in EBITDA as our three consistent value drivers of productivity, price and new business continue to be effective both at our base and our recently acquired businesses. And secondly, lower interest rates. Greg will give you a little more detail on this guidance in his portion of the talk. Also, in spite of a slower acquisition environment, as we've been able to do in the past, we were able to reach an agreement to acquire another solid proprietary component business, that is, CEF Industries. We expect this transaction to close within the next few days. Ray Laubenthal will give you some more details on this. We continue to beat the bushes for more such businesses. We maintain our consistent focus on proprietary aerospace components with significant aftermarket. I'm confident we'll find more, but the timing is always tough to predict. With respect to our underlying markets for the balance of the year, in the commercial OEM world the build-out work appears stable and with the exception of the 787 delays about as we anticipated going into the year. The commercial aftermarket, however, is mixed with revenue passenger miles and available seat miles statistics not sending clear messages in either direction. Our underlying sales growth is so far in line with the long-term trends, but with some spottiness across product lines. On the other hand, the domestic airline financial picture is surely weakening and the macroeconomic news doesn't seem encouraging. To remind everyone, we are however well distributed across the installed base. We have very modest exposure to the possible, what I call at-risk platforms, platforms such as the DC-9, 737 Classics, MD-80 and 727 makeup only about 3% of our annual revenues. Our revenue per plane is significantly lower on these older platforms than it is on the newer platforms. Though the quarterly numbers can bounce around over any extended period of time or real aftermarket volume has generally been able to track or run a little ahead of the overall worldwide traffic trends. Lastly, our defense business on the other hand now looks better than we anticipated. We are cautious regarding the market outlook, the confidence and the strength of our unique business model to continue increasing in transient shareholder value out in the future. Now, let me turn to latest financial performance. I'll remind you this is the second quarter review for fiscal year 2008. Our fiscal year started with October 1, 2007, so we're halfway through the year. As I've also said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by small differences in the OEM aftermarket mix, large orders, transient inventory fluctuations, modest seasonality and other factors. But in spite of some timing issues, we had a good first half and a good second quarter. Revenues were up about 27% on a year-to-date basis and about 21% on a quarter versus prior year quarter basis. Pro forma growth, and when I say pro forma I mean assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods is up over 8% on a year-to-date basis and over 11% on a Q2 versus Q2 basis, in spite of some down drag from certain one-time items impacting the comparisons. If I review the revenues by market segment, again, on a pro forma basis versus the prior year, which assumes again that we own the same mix of businesses. In the commercial segment, which makes up about three quarters of our revenue, commercial OEM revenues were up 12% on a quarter-over-quarter basis and 5% on a year-to-date basis. Both commercial transport segments revenues and regional business jet revenues picked up nicely after a soft Q1. As we mentioned in the last call, the Q1 was a timing of shipment issues versus the prior year and this result bears this out. We still expect our pro forma commercial OEM revenues to be up a little over 10% for the year. Commercial aftermarket revenue was up about 7% on a year-to-date basis or first half, and about 5% on a Q2 versus Q2 basis. The first half is significantly impacted by two significant one-time items. The one-time activity in the prior year, which we mentioned last quarter and an additional extension by the FAA of the maintenance cycle for certain cockpits security components to better reflect the recent airline maintenance history and certain product improvements we put forward. We anticipated one such extension. This additional extension by the FAA in fiscal year 2008 had the effect of reducing the near-term demand for the certain select components by more than we originally anticipated. If you remove the impact of these two items, our core aftermarket was up in the low double-digit percent on a year-to-date basis and about the same on a quarter versus quarter basis. Given the economic outlook in the airline financial situation, we remain cautious regarding the segment for the balance of the year. However, with no adjustments for these one-time items in the first half, we now anticipate pro forma commercial aftermarket revenue to be up about 10% for the year versus the prior year. This is slightly below our previous FY estimate, our previous fiscal year estimate of a low double-digit percent growth. In the defense segment, which makes up a little less than a quarter of our business, the revenues are up about 25% on a quarter-over-quarter basis and about 17% on a full year basis. We saw strength across almost every product line and across most platforms, primarily in the higher margin aftermarket. The defense business is always tough to predict in the near-term and especially in the political season always somewhat subject to political wins and budget uncertainties. However, absent any significant change, we now expect pro forma defense revenues to be up in the low to mid double-digit percent range versus the prior year. This is an increase from our previous estimates. In summary, for the full year, we expect our businesses to perform somewhat above our initial expectations in revenue with a slight shift in aftermarket mix between commercial and defense revenues. Excluding any acquisitions, we expect our overall pro forma growth to be up a little over 10% modestly above our previous guidance. If I move now to profitability and on a reported basis, I am going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. The total adjustments to EBITDA are lower in the current year due to purchase accounting adjustments relating primarily to the acquisition of ATI. On a Q2 versus comparable quarter basis, our EBITDA as defined an $81 million is up 19% versus the prior Q2. The EBITDA as defined margin is 46.2% for Q2 and 46.3% on a year-to-date basis. This is almost the same margin as the year-to-date prior, in spite of the diluted impact of acquisitions and higher 787 development expenses. These two factors had the impact of reducing the margins by about 1.5% to 2%. We expect some modest margin improvement in the second half primarily in Q4. Greg is going to give you some more details on that. With respect to the acquisition pipeline, we continue actively looking at opportunities. We have a pipeline of possibilities as usual, more small than large. Things are still slow to close. We remain disciplined and focused on the type of businesses we want with value creation opportunities. As I've said before, predicting the timing is difficult. And as a general rule, we're not going to discuss any specifics on acquisitions unless they're closed. Regarding the most recent reschedule of the 787, we will likely see some additional higher development expenses as a result of this latest stretch out. We've already removed most of the revenues from our outlook. In total, we don't believe the reschedule will have a material impact on our 2008 financial performance. But in any event, it's capturing our new guidance. And with that, let me ask Ray Laubenthal, our Chief Operating Officer to give you a short operating overview for the fiscal second quarter. Ray.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Nick. As Nick mentioned, second quarter results were better than expected. Our acquisition, integration and productivity improvements continue to add solid value. Our new business order activity was strong and new product development activity made good progress. We continue to price our products to reflect the value we provide to our customers and lastly as Nick mentioned, we expect to close within the next few days on the acquisition of another operating unit, CEF Industries. Let me explain each of these areas in a little more detail. The vast majority of the physical integration activity associated with the businesses we acquired in 2007 is nearing completion. The associated margins continue to expand as our productivity efforts and pricing actions take hold. Looking forward, our latest acquisition CEF will become our next integration project. Located in Chicago, CEF designs and manufactures specialized highly engineered mechanical and electro-mechanical actuators, compressors, pumps and related components. The majority of the company's revenues are military related with the C-130 production program and the associated large worldwide installed base being their single biggest platform. Other CEF platforms include the A380, the A320, the A330 and 340, the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-15, C-17, V22, as well as certainly regional jets and biz jets. At CEF, we expect to integrate our three value drivers of productivity improvement, value pricing and focus profitable new business growth to create future value. At our operating units, productivity projects continue to progress favorably. Of significance, we continue to improve operational efficiency. And in the last six months, our total headcount has reduced over 2.1%, while revenues have continued to increase. We continue to be very active finalizing our Boeing 787 designs and manufacturing processes. The development activity and spending continues to be particularly high on our new composite fuel and hydraulic isolator products at AdelWiggins and on our digital flight audio systems at Avtech. The development and expense on these projects should begin to reduce during our fiscal fourth quarter, assuming there is no schedule push-outs or significant design revisions by Boeing. And in addition to these new programs across our businesses, pricing at our operating units is improving steadily and in fact it's running slightly better than we originally anticipated. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus, our CFO who will review our second quarter financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Thanks, Ray. Good morning, everyone, and again, thanks for calling in. As you've just heard, Nick's comment centered on pro forma revenues and EBITDA as the prime comparable results, and Ray gave a brief summary of our value drivers and the integration of acquisitions we made in 2007 and the CEF planned acquisition. For those of you who have listened to prior calls, you are aware of the various accounting charges associated with our past acquisition activity. Halfway through fiscal 08, we still have purchase price amortization for both backlog and inventory step up along with some start up expenses that are still with us in 2008. As these expenses lined out, we will then shift to include new acquisition expenses associated with CEF. Consistent with our past practice, these adjustments will be fully disclosed in detail in our press releases and our SEC filings. As you know, for acquisitive company like TransDigm, all of these items come into play when looking at GAAP financial results compared to prior year comps for any given quarter and throughout the year. Today, my comments will focus around our second quarter GAAP reported results. It is a pleasure to continue to report to you that we had a very successful second quarter. In a nutshell, the second quarter sales were what we expected, the base margins are very strong, the acquisition margins although diluted, continue to improve and the cash flow was very strong. Let me explain in some more detail. Quarter 2 sales were a $175.3 million, up $30.8 million or 21% from the prior year. Organic sales were $13.9 million or about a 10% increase over the prior year. This quarter organic sales came from strong defense sales, primarily defense aftermarket across all product lines, an increase in commercial OEM and an increase in commercial aftermarket sales. In other words organic sales growth came from all markets. Our recent acquisitions ATI and Bruce contributed to the balance of the growth. Reported gross profit was $93.9 million or 53.6% of sales. This $18.8 million increase is 25% greater than the prior year and it is also greater than our sales growth of 21%. The reported gross profit margin increased approximately 160 basis points versus prior year. The primary driver for the improved margin was due to the decrease in purchase price accounting charges between the two periods. Excluding purchase price accounting, gross profit margins were flat. This included the dilutive impact of the ATI and Bruce acquisitions, which are included in all three months of the current year. Selling and admin expense was 10.5% of sales for the quarter compared to a prior year expense of 10.1%. Research and Development expense, which Ray just spoke to, is the primary driver of the increase and expense as the percent of the sale. As Ray mentioned, we expect this costs to reduce in our fourth quarter as the 787 development finalizes. Amortization of intangibles decreased by $600,000 to $2.8 million for the quarter. This is primarily due to a decrease in order backlog amortization resulting from the prior year acquisition. Net interest expense was $24 million, a net increase of $1.4 million or 6.2% versus the prior year's quarter two. For the quarter, our weighted average level of borrowings is approximately $1.4 billion, versus approximately $1.2 billion a year ago. The increase in average debt was due to the ATI acquisition made during the second quarter of 2007. The average interest rate decreased to approximately 7.3% this quarter compared with 7.6% last year. We anticipate a further reduction in the average interest rate to approximately 6.5% for the remainder of the year. Regarding our tax provision, our effective tax rate was 34% for the quarter compared to a prior year effective tax rate of 37.7%. This current quarter tax rate reflects the favorable impact of our legal entity restructuring, which took place in the fourth quarter of last year and a favorable resolution of a prior year's state tax refund claim of about $900,000. We are forecasting our '08 effective tax rate at 36% now. We anticipate our '08 cash tax payments to be approximately $40 million, of which we've paid $13.6 million midway through the year. Quarter two net income was $32.2 million or 18.4% of net sales compared to $21.5 million, or 14.9% in the prior year. This is a 49.5% improvement versus the prior quarter. The combination of strong EBITDA as defined growth of 19%, a decrease in non-operating and acquisitions costs, an increase in interest expense of only 6% and a lower effective tax rate just discussed all contributed to the significant increase in net income over the prior period. With the net income improvement on a GAAP basis, quarter two diluted EPS was $0.64 per share compared to $0.45 per share a year ago, a 42% improvement in this quarterly comparison. Our adjusted diluted EPS was $0.68 in the second quarter, which was 28% improvement versus the prior year. These improvements were dampened somewhat by higher common shares outstanding versus the prior year. Cash generation continues to remain strong. We ended the quarter with $194 million of cash on the balance sheet. For the year, we've had a positive net increase in cash and cash equivalence of $88 million halfway through our fiscal year. Excluding acquisitions, we expect our year end cash on the balance sheet to be in the range of $280 million to $285 million. As you know, however, we've used approximately $83 million of cash upon closing of the CEF acquisition, which will reduce the forecasted year end balance to approximately $200 million. At the end of the second quarter, our net debt leverage ratio to EBITDA as defined was 3.8 times compared to 4.3 times this past September. I am now going to shift from quarter two financial results to a new subject. As announced in our pres release this morning, along with Nick mentioning it earlier, we are increasing our guidance halfway through our year. We give full guidance on five items: revenues, GAAP net income, EBITDA as defined, GAAP EPS and adjusted EPS. All five line items have been increased. Our press release spells out the detail of each of these line items. To keep things simple, I will focus on the adjusted earnings per share. Our prior guidance of adjusted EPS was a range of $2.43 to $2.53, or a midpoint of $2.48 per share. Our current guidance for adjusted EPS is a range of $2.69 to $2.75, or a midpoint of $2.72 per share. Let me walk you through a reconciliation of the two midpoints. The increase in the adjusted earnings per share midpoint is $0.24 per share, that is, $2.72 less to $2.48, almost a 10% increase. The $0.24 per share increase is approximately divided as follows; $0.12 is a result of stronger operating results which we have discussed this morning; $0.10 is the result of the lower interest expense for the year since we originally gave guidance; with the lower interest rates in effect currently, our second half interest expense will be about $3 million per quarter lower than originally forecasted; and finally, $0.02 is the result of the favorable effective tax rate just discussed this quarter and a lower end of our full year effective tax rate. These three items total a 24% increase between the prior midpoint of $2.48 for adjusted EPS to $2.72 for the current adjusted earnings per share of midpoint. All of the data just discussed, excludes the acquisition of CEF. We anticipate closing on CEF in the very new future a very near future, excuse me. Assuming a relatively fast close, we would add an addition $10 million to $13 million in revenue. Our GAAP EPS, however, would decrease approximately $0.02 because of purchase price accounting amortization and our adjusted EPS would increase approximately $0.02 favorable. Because these amounts reflect our partial year's results, that is, are less than five months of ownership and the EPS changes are minor to our current guidance just disclosed, we do not anticipate formally changing our guidance once CEF formally closes. Again, it is our pleasure to have you listen to this call. As I said earlier, we had a very successful second quarter. This concludes our prepared remarks and we will now open the phone lines for questions. QUESTION AND ANSWER
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of David Strauss of UBS. Please proceed.
David Strauss - UBS: Good morning. Thanks
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning
David Strauss - UBS: Nick, you talked about some softness in the aftermarket and some product lines. Can you give us a little bit of detail of what product lines specifically?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I can't say its specific. What I'd say is if you look across all the product lines we have, if you look at it 18 months ago or 15 months, when everything was booming, it's sort of a rising tide was a picking where all the ships were coming up with the tide. If you look at it now, you don't necessarily see everyone rising. There's kind of a puts and takes for month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. The net is still a good number, but it's somewhat indicative of in my view of a market that get little shaky.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. And in terms of Greg, you talked about increasing the guidance by about $0.12 for improved operating result. Obviously, you talked about the aftermarket maybe being a little bit softer. That's your highest area of profitability. What's the offset? Is that the defense aftermarket being stronger than expected?
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Yeah. As Nick mentioned, the defense aftermarket is coming in really strong plus we're quick [ph] and all those cylinders with our value drivers at the core locations and with the acquisitions, David.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Hi. Good morning, guys. Good quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Thanks.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: I wanted to shift to the order book a little bit, Nick. I wonder if you could sort of provide some color on what the book-to-bill look like both in aftermarket and in the military business, presumably military was pretty good, but I am wondering what you saw in terms of book-to-bill in aftermarket relative to past couple of quarters?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we generally disclose that. Are we, Sean?
Sean Maroney - Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations: No.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And I don't have that at the tip of my fingers. Carter, I don't know what the number is exactly. But I would say, generally the bookings give a same type of a picture as you might see in the revenues. I mean, it's still okay but it gives you some concern about the go-forward outlook for the market.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: And you mentioned this cockpit security sort of drag against the aftermarket growth.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Is there a reversal of this at some point that benefits the numbers in '09? Or how should we think about the future impact.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, maybe a little bit. This is Carter still?
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Yes
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. What this is, is we have as you know, we have all these cockpit security systems out, and we put a bunch of them out there after 9/11 and we had a bunch of upgrades and improvements to them and things like that. The FAA decided to extend the hard life on them. Now there were some of the components and I am giving you approximate, I am not sure exactly the year is what they used to say, replace every three years. They changed it every five years, which has the impact. What happens then is people won't buy for a couple of quarters, but they also have adjust down. What happened here is they did it once at the end of last year, which we expected and then they extended the life again at the end of calendar '07 or the beginning of calendar '08. So it happened twice to us. We expected to happen once. I would say Carter, yeah, you would adjust down and I'd expect some time out, maybe '09, you'll see a little bit comeback. That's what you'd expect to normally happen in something like this.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Of course. So, but right now, I mean, is there a risk if it gets extended again or I mean presumably this is, I mean, it's quite a drag if we go from 5% it would have been double digits, I mean, it's 500 basis points so--?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We think not quarter, we think we've captured we've given you guidance for the year. We think we've captured the risk in that guidance, but there is always clearly some risk to that. But we don't know of anything that's going on now.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys and good quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Hi, guys. Can you give the when you went public, we talked about your three real sources of revenue growth. We've all been kind of hyper focused on the end market trends and, of course, you have the external growth from acquisitions. But the other one that we don't talk about as often is market share. Could you talk Nick or Ray about any upcoming market share opportunities that may actually be noticeable? I think at the time of IPO, you had just come off a 767 retrofit that added to the growth rate, anything like that out there?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You mean that we changed the sort of historical growth pattern?
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Not necessarily change it, but contribute to the growth rates you're looking for or perhaps offer some upside?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say as you know as I think you know, Rob, our content on the 787 and the A380s is significantly higher than it was on the predecessors. So as they come up, I would expect to see a little pick-up. On the other hand, as you also know, that's not a lot of volume for a while and it's also not a lot of profitability. Ray, I'm trying to as I said you, I don't think of anything that disrupts the usual pattern here. I mean, I think.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Nothing that's added. I'm thinking in terms of things like the cockpit work you've talked about. So, in other words, not tracking the ASM or RPM growth, but something that might be mandate driven that comes forward here on one of your platforms.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're always out chopping away at new business and we're always working on some retrofits. But I honestly, as I sit here today, I don't know of any that would make a step change in your sort of calculation or tracking.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Okay. Turning for a moment to margins. Your gross margins continue to be quite strong, little bit off the first quarter but better than last year. What are the pricing trends and to what extent does this very let's say limited or just appearing softness in the commercial aftermarket affect pricing, if at all?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not at all. So far we've not seen any impact and we would not expect to see any impact. As I think Ray said in his part of the presentation; actually our pricing is running a little ahead of our expectation.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: The airlines at any point historically come to a point of pressure where they come to you and ask for some help?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We've had requests on and off through the years. But generally, we're pretty comfortable with our positions and absent some real mitigating circumstances, we're not termly receptive to that.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just going back to the aftermarket growth, you talked about if I got this right, kind of a 10% number for the full year?
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: And was that commercial aftermarket or is that overall?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That happens to be both about. Commercial aftermarket, we said 10% overall, I think we said slightly above 10.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: And maybe this gets a little bit to Carter's question, but looking at what we've seen in the first half, it does imply a higher growth rate in the backend of the year because again that 10% doesn't factor in any of the adjustments we might make to exclude the one-time factors.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: That's right.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Are you looking for a 12% or 13% type of rate in the back?
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: As you know Robert, it has to be or those numbers won't work.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Just want to make sure my logic was right.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Your logic is right. Now, I would say that is an area there could be some risk in the forecast, but we think we've pretty well captured all the risk in the numbers we've given you.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: And you seem to be fairly confident in the military side. It sounds like that that's provided a very good offset so far?
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it has.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, just a final one for Greg. Any receivables on the books from impaired carriers or Chapter 11 filers?
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: No. We're in good shape with that. And especially, don't forget, Rob, with the end users, because of aftermarket sales, your exposure is really only about one months worth of sale and we keep a prototype private limit on them and make sure we got the cash. So, at any given time you have a month worth of sales with your larger carriers. And with the margins we have, you know having a month of sales out there isn't too bad.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Great. And then is the mechanical..
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: We also, Rob, about half of our volume distribution remember
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Right
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: So that cuts down your risk by half.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Right. Plus if I understand it correctly, those carriers that have filed, for example, a frontier, there can then be some kind of an arrangement post filing or you do get paid on new business?
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Absolutely.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: Absolutely.
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Yes, you get paid. Yes.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: So, in other words, there is some kind of a new contract get structured and really all that it risk is what was on the books at the time of the filing?
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: That's right.
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Correct.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: That's right. That's all that catches you. So, if you start watching it closer and closer, historically we've able to keep that pretty low. Even after 9/11, we didn't get hit too hard with it.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's helpful. Last thing, just you talked about your exposure on the oldest platforms, which is very helpful I think. Just to understand the dynamics of work here. Can you talk about your highest content platforms? You mentioned 787 and A380, but I am thinking more from an aftermarket perspective, maybe it's A320 or your 737 next Jan. Can you give us some sense of your percentage of sales? I think you've done this in the past in those areas.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think as we've disclosed in the past, our biggest platforms are 737, the A320 what's number three? I can't remember what's the number three.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: 777
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 777. Again, it goes 737, A320, 777, I cant remember what's the fourth I'm getting those or see if I can find the list up here. But it's pretty well distributed, Rob, on the high use platforms have made content on those. So, as you can see by the percent that I gave you, the 3% on those older platforms are content on the new ones are just higher. Otherwise, you couldn't only have 3% on the ones that I mentioned because they make up a much higher percent of the installed base than 3%.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Clearly, and I would suspect you're doing probably double-digit growth in aftermarket on those higher content platform.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Surely, significantly higher.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fred Buonocore of CJS Securities. Please proceed.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Yes. Good morning, guys. Great quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Fred.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Nick, on the last call you had pointed out that, there was downside risk to your guidance in the event of continued general economic slowdown. I noticed you didn't make that statement at all with this guidance, should we take that as impulsive in your guidance or you're just feeling confident enough about the year based on what you're seeing now that kind of goes away?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We feel a lot pretty confident with the guidance numbers we've given you now. Now, that being said, what we won't have in the backlog in any six-month period is we won't have all the aftermarket booked and that's where the highest margin is.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Great.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: A significant economic downturn could affect that. Now, we think we've captured the risk in our guidance, but that assumes a certain level of economic downturn doesn't get worse than a certain level.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Of course.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We feel pretty good about the guidance. But, again, with that kind [inaudible] I'll give you, the commercial aftermarket is the thing that we typically have the shortest turnaround cycle, so the least booked.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Got it. And kind of relative to commercial aftermarket and what Carter was asking about before I mean, are there other components that you have at risk of being extended or having the life extended by the FAA that maybe lurking out there or--?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not that we know of or not that we know. I remind you this cockpit security is a relatively new program of which we put tons of them out in the field in the '03, '04 timeframe and people are just starting to accumulate enough maintenance history and to make a judgment on them.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Got it. And then on the defense side, pretty impressive growth there and impressive expectations. Are there particular programs that you could talk about that are driving that that drove that this quarter and for next year?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No I reallyyou know I have to say we looked at that in considerable detail here. It's almost a crossover our products and across most to the platforms. It's just a significant step up in buying activity. And as I said, we somewhat get nervous as to will that continue, but it looks to us like we have enough booked up in the backlog that we should have a better year than we thought.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Excellent. And then, finally, just on the 787 and the associated R&D expense, as we look to the next quarter, I know you mentioned that it should kind of fall off a bit in Q4, just directionally in Q3 is there any reason that that R&D expense would increase in Q3? Or is it kind of running flat line and then just falls off as we get into Q4 and beyond?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Ray?
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think your last statement captured it. It's kind of flat line and then fall off in Q4.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Great. Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that all assumes Boeing doesn't stretch again.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Right. Well --?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If they stretch again all the development activity likely stretches too.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Yes. I don't know what the under over is on that but--?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I don't know either.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Yes. I am not stepping you there. Anyhow, thanks a lot guys, and again, great quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Brian Gesai of Helm Partners. Please proceed.
Brian Gesai - Helm Partners: Hi, guys. Nice job this quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks.
Brian Gesai - Helm Partners: A pro forma for the CEF acquisition, it looks like you'll have about $200 million of cash at the end of the year about $4 a share. Your leverage ratios are obviously coming down. You had previously said you feel like four times a greater is the right leverage ratio for this business. In the absence of more acquisitions, do you expect to return any of that to the shareholders? And if so, in what timeframe?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As I've said before and I'm shocked that you have come up with this question. One of the issues out now is credit market isn't very good. So its not you can't get a lot of comfort on how much you can borrow. I'd also say I don't know that I said that our target leverage ratio was four. I said it's sure not below four. I mean we're comfortable we're not uncomfortable with levels up above four. Yes, I would say with our cash and as I said before, the management is a significant owners, Warburg is still a significant owner. We'll try and do what we think is the right thing to maximize the equity value. Our first choice is to find accretive acquisitions and the extent that we can find them will do nothing. We mean other than buy them and improve them. To the extent that we can't, we're going to have to do something. Now, I would say, I'd feel better if the credit market was better, which it isn't right now, but we won't just pile up cash just to pile up cash upfront. I mean if it continues a long enough, we'll do something in the capital structure.
Brian Gesai - Helm Partners: Got you. Thanks. Again, just one quick follow-up. I'm not sure if I heard you correctly but do you say that there were two one-time items impact in the commercial aftermarket this quarter or was it just the cockpit securities?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It was two in the first half.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: I talked about last quarter and it was cockpit security, primarily this quarter.
Brian Gesai - Helm Partners: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. It appears there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the presentation back over to Mr. Sean Maroney for closing remarks.
Sean Maroney - Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations: Yes. Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. We will be filing our 10-Q in the next few days, and I'll be available for phone calls this afternoon. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-02-08 17:45:00) =====
Executives: Sean P. Maroney - Director of Corporate Accounting and IR W. Nicholas Howley - CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and COO Gregory Rufus - EVP, CFO and Secretary
Analysts: Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Joseph Campbell - Lehman Brothers David E. Strauss - UBS Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities Bob Franklin - Prudential Financial
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 TransDigm Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shikwana and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Sean Maroney, Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Sean P. Maroney - Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2008 first quarter earnings conference call. You should have already received our earnings release that was issued yesterday. If you have not received the release, you may retrieve it by visiting our website at transdigm.com. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in the release. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the information regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors included in the company's latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or through the SEC's website at SEC.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined and adjusted net income, both of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of EBITDA as defined and adjusted net income to that measure. Now having taken care of the necessary disclosures, let me introduce Nick Howley, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of the business for the first quarter. Followed by Nick, Ray Laubenthal, our President and Chief Operating Officer, will provide a brief overview of operating activities followed by Greg Rufus, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And now with that, I'll turn it over to Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Good morning and thanks again to everybody for calling in to hear about our company. As I've done in the past, again, because we are a relatively new public equity, I'll give a very short overview of TransDigm. To remind everyone, we completed our initial public offering and our shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in March of 2006 under the symbol TDG. At the time, we sold about 12.6 million shares or 28% of the equity at a price of $21 a share. During Q3 of 2007, we completed the sale of approximately 11.5 million shares or about 26% of our outstanding shares in a secondary offering. That transaction closed in May of '07 at $35.25 a share. In late November and early December of 2007, Warburg Pincus distributed about 7 million shares or about 15% of the equity to their limited partners. The Warburg Pincus ownership is now about 30% and we are no longer a controlled company under the New York Stock Exchange rules. Our shares closed last night at about $44.15 a share I believe and are balancing around this morning here. TransDigm is a supplier of highly engineered aerospace components. The components are used on almost all commercial and military aircraft in use. We estimate that about 95% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, which means we own the intellectual property. Similarly, we estimate that about 80% of our sales come from products for which we are the sole source provider. Commercial business currently accounts for about three-quarters of our revenue with the balance being defense-related. We generate about 60% of our revenue from aftermarket sales this year. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and been more stable than the OEM sales. Because of the large installed base of products' high margins and relatively low capital expenditures, TransDigm has historically generated very strong free cash flow and this has given us a lot of flexibility both in area of our debt and our acquisition pursuit. We have a very consistent, value-based operating strategy focused around what we refer to as our three value drivers: New business development, continual cost improvement and value-based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management methodology. This consistent approach has allowed us to continuously improve and increase the intrinsic value of the businesses. A key fourth element of our value proposition has been active in acquiring businesses, or we have been active. We acquire proprietary aerospace product businesses with significant aftermarket content. We have in total acquired 21 such businesses with 4 of them... 4 businesses and 3 transactions in 2007 fiscal year. Now let me turn to our latest financial performance. I will remind you that this is the first quarter review for fiscal year 2008. Our fiscal year started on October 1, 2007. As I have said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by differences in the OEM aftermarket mix, large orders that occur from time-to-time, transient inventory fluctuations, seasonality and other factors. In spite of some timing issues, we had a good start to the fiscal 2008 year. Revenues were up about 33% on a year-over-year basis, organic growth was a little under 8%. If I review the revenues by market segment, and this on a pro forma basis versus the prior year, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial segment, which makes up about three quarters of our revenues, our commercial OEM revenues were about flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Commercial transport segment revenues were up modestly and regional and biz jet revenues were down modestly. We believe this is just a timing of shipment issue versus the prior year. Just to give us some increased confidence in that, our incoming orders in the quarter were up about 20% in the commercial transport segment and just under 15% in the regional biz jet segment. We still expect our pro forma commercial OEM business to be up about 10% for the full year. Commercial aftermarket revenues were up about 9% on a year-over-year basis. If we remove the impact of a one-time shipment in the prior Q1, our core aftermarket was up about 13% on a year-over-year basis. As we mentioned before, we continue to be cautious regarding the sustainability of last year's high rate of growth in the commercial aftermarket. We still anticipate pro forma commercial aftermarket revenues to be up over 10% for the full year. Our defense segment, which makes up about a quarter of our business, revenues were up 8% on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Defense business is always difficult to predict in the near term. We remain cautious. Always somewhat subject to the political wins and budget uncertainties, but absent any significant change, we still expect pro forma defense revenues to be up in the 5% to 10% range versus the prior year. Moving on to profitability, and on a reported basis I am going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. I will point out that total adjustments to EBITDA are almost identical from year-to-year, so it's not really much of an issue. On Q1 versus the comparable basis, the prior year, our EBITDA as defined of $75.9 million was up 35% versus the prior Q1. Significantly, the EBITDA as defined margin is 46.5% for Q1. This is about half a point higher than the prior Q1 at 45.9% in spite of the dilutive impact of acquisitions which totaled approximately 2 margin points. The margin expansion is due primarily to strong aftermarket pricing, our ongoing productivity efforts offset somewhat by higher development expenses as the 787 program stretches out a bit. Greg will review the financials in more detail. With respect to our acquisition pipeline, we continue actively looking at opportunities. We have a typical pipeline of possibilities, more small than large opportunities. We remain disciplined and focused on value creation. Predicting the timing is always difficult. As a general rule, we are not going to give specifics on any acquisitions until they are closed. Regarding the latest stretch out of 787 deliveries, we will likely see some higher development expense, but in total we do not believe it will have any material impact on our 2008 financial performance. With respect to our 2008 guidance, we see some potential upside to our guidance both in lower interest rates, and, though there may be quarterly variations, we may see a higher full year margin. To a lesser extent, and though we haven't seen this yet, there may be some potential downside in the possibility of general economic softening and defense buys. However, on balance after only a quarter... one quarter of the year gone by, we are still comfortable with our previously issued 2008 guidance. I am going to ask Ray Laubenthal, our Chief Operating Officer just to give you a short operating overview and then Greg will get into the financials in a little more detail. Ray?
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Nick. As Nick mentioned, first quarter results were strong. Our acquisition integration and productivity improvements continue to add solid value. Also, new business order activity was strong and new product development activity made good progress. And finally, new pricing was enacted as planned, and let me explain each of these in a little more detail. As you may recall, we acquired four businesses under three separate transactions during fiscal 2007. These four businesses, CDA, Avtech, ADS/Transicoil and Bruce Aerospace are performing well and operating as expected. During Q1, we continued to make good progress integrating our proven value drivers into these acquisitions operating culture. Productivity projects continue to progress favorably at our operating units. Of significance, at our new Bruce Aerospace unit, we reduced the head count by almost 18% while increasing the sales volume by over 20% versus the prior quarter. At Avtech, we successfully completed our first full quarter of operations after closing the West Coast Specialties plant and moving its operations into the Seattle location. In accordance with our plan at acquisition, this consolidation further reduced ATI headcount and eliminated the redundant separate facility cost at WCS. We continue to be very active finalizing our Boeing 787 design and manufacturing processes. The development activity and spending continues to be particularly high on our new composite fuel and hydraulic isolator product at Adel Wiggins and our digital flight audio systems at Avtech. We expect development and expenses on these projects to begin to reduce during the second half of the year, assuming there is no more schedule slips by Boeing. In addition to these new programs, pricing at our operating units is improving consistent with our past actions and current year plan. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus, our CFO who will review our first quarter financial results in more detail.
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Thanks Ray. Good morning everyone. Again, thanks for calling in. As you have just heard, Nick's comments centered on pro forma comparable results, Ray gave a brief summary of our value drivers and the acquisitions we made in 2007. For those of you who have listened to prior calls, please be [ph] aware of the various accounting charges associated with our past acquisition activity. As we started FY08, we still have purchase price amortization for both backlog and inventory step up along with some start up expenses that are still with us in '08. These items will come into play when looking at GAAP financials results compared to prior year comps during this year. My comments will focus around GAAP reported result. And it's a pleasure to start our new year and report to you that we had a very successful first quarter. Quarter one sales were $163.1 million, up $40.4 million or 33% from the prior year. Organic sales were up $9.2 million or a 7.5% increase over the prior year. This growth rate is being compared to a relatively high prior year comp and it was within our expectation. The quarter-over-quarter comps were negatively impacted by a $2.6 million one-time commercial aftermarket shipment made in the prior year first quarter. Adjusting for this single shipment, the organic growth rate on a GAAP basis would have been 10%. As we've said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be impacted by singular events such as large orders, transient inventory fluctuations and other factors. This is a good example of that singular event. Our recent acquisitions, ATI and Bruce, contributed $31.2 million or the balance of the growth versus prior year. Reported gross profit was $88.1 million or 54% of sales. This $24.5 million increase is 38% greater than the prior year and it is also greater than our sales growth of 33%. The reported gross profit margin increased approximately 2 percentage points versus the prior year. This significant expansion in margin was attributable to the strength of our proprietary products which allowed favorable pricing and continued productivity efforts from both our recent acquisitions and our more mature operating units along with operating leverage on the higher sales and a slight favorable aftermarket product mix versus the prior year quarter. Selling and administrative expense was 11% of sales for the quarter. This compares to prior year expense of 9.9% of sales. Research and development expense, which Ray just spoke to, is the primary driver of the increase in expense as a percent of sales. As Ray mentioned, we expect these costs to reduce in the second half of our year as the 787 development finalizes. Amortization of intangibles increased by $1.7 million to $3.3 million for the quarter. This $1.7 million is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of ATI and Bruce. Almost half of this increase is attributable to order backlog amortization, which is amortized over 12 months, and this will wind down over the next two quarters. Net interest expense was $24.5 million, a net increase of $6.7 million versus the prior year quarter one. This increase in interest expense reflects the additional $430 million of debt associated with the ATI acquisition made last February. For the quarter, our borrowing is at $1.36 billion versus $930 million a year ago while the average interest rate between the quarters was flat at approximately 7.5% for both quarters. Regarding our tax provision, our effective tax rate was 36.4% for the quarter. This tax rate reflects the favorable impact of our legal entity restructuring which took place in the fourth quarter of last year. The prior year tax rate of 36.6% included the benefit of a retroactive R&D tax credit, which lowered the prior quarter rate by 1.5 percentage points. We are forecasting our '08 effective tax rate at 36.5% for the year and we anticipate our 08 cash tax payments to be approximately $45 million. Quarter one net income was $27 million or 16.5% of net sales compared to $20.3 million in the prior year first quarter, a 33% improvement. With the net income improvement on a GAAP basis, quarter one diluted EPS was $0.54 per share compared to $0.43 per share a year ago, a 26% improvement in this quarterly comparison. Our adjusted diluted EPS was $0.58 in the first quarter, which was also a 26% improvement versus a year ago. This quarterly improvement comparison was dampened somewhat by higher common shares outstanding this year versus the prior year. Cash flow from operations was unusually strong at about $60 million for the first quarter. We ended the quarter with $170 million of cash on our balance sheet. The strong performance is attributable to several factors. We experienced unusually strong accounts receivable collections which didn't follow our historical holiday pattern. Usually, with the timing of a holiday and other company December year-ends, our cash collection has been historically low. Overall, we had good performance in other areas of the balance sheet and they were mostly favorable. At the end of the first quarter, our net debt leverage ratio to EBITDA as defined was 4.0 times compared to 4.3 at September. Regarding our debt structure, I would also like to point out that in January we entered into a three year interest rate swap in the amount of $300 million at a fixed rate of 5%, which will become [ph] effective in April. Interest rates on our total debt are approximately now 75% fixed and 25% variable. Assuming current [ph] interest rates and structure, our blended interest rate is just under 7%. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the phone lines for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Good morning everyone.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Good morning Rob.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Nick, you referred to the stock moving around a bit today. I think people are perhaps reacting to the organic growth, and you touched on that. Are you seeing any change in the buying behavior on the part of your customer base, particularly the airlines? Is there a capacity issue that we should be looking out at?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: I would say, Rob, not that I can see yet. As I said, our underlying aftermarket growth, if you strip out the one-time thing was 13%. I think we would enter the year saying that it would be somewhere in the low double-digits. I mean it's running about where we expected. I don't see any change in pattern yet.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: But when you --
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: As always, if the economy softens, that concerns you a little. But I will say we don't see any indication of that yet.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: So nothing in the schedules out there or the buying activity? Have you seen any pressure on pricing? I guess Ray spoke to this a moment ago, but anything that's notable?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Rob, I would say business as usual.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Haven't seen any particular impact there. I would say the revenue passenger miles, at least in the last airline monitor that just came out, don't seem to be softening. I mean, I am sure you know. You have seen that --
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Yes, we have seen that, but one of the... our thesis is that if they take capacity down, they're going to start with the older airplanes, continue to intake new aircraft and maintain those newer fleets. Could you talk a little bit about your exposure on the newer aircraft relative to those more likely to be retired?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Yes, I would... Rob, as I think you know, but everybody may not, so I'll state it. We are pretty well distributed across the fleet. We don't have any disproportion in exposure to older aircraft or newer aircraft. I mean we are pretty well weighted. If we were a portfolio, we'd be pretty well an evenly weighted portfolio you could think of it. I don't see any substantial exposure there. Now if you get a 9/11 kind of event where there was massive sitting down of airplane, that will always impact you. But I don't see any indication of that.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's clearly the case. One last thing on this topic, which is... would you characterize any part of your product line as more discretionary than others? In other words, the airlines could back off or slow down, or is everything mandated by either flight hours or cycles or some other --?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Some of it's as required, but most of it is pretty well driven by cycles or revenue passenger miles. A little bit of our... we make some bin latches. We make bean latches. It isn't a big part of our business. That can be discretionary with retrofits. You can always live it. If it's just dirty and worn out, you can live with it a little bit. But it isn't much, it isn't much of our business. Historically, Rob, the best track of our aftermarket business has been revenue passenger miles.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Last question for Greg on cash flow. You clearly had a very strong showing in the December quarter. You talked about the receivable. What are you looking for in this current quarter? Is there going to be some reversal on that because of the accelerated collections and how do you think about cash flow for the full year?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Well, as the... we are still sticking with our forecast. We think at the end of the year, we will, barring any acquisitions or any other activity, we will add $160 million of cash to the balance sheet. The second quarter, we will have a half a year payment on our subordinated debt and will also pay about three months of interest. Sometimes we don't pay our interest on the bank debt on a monthly basis. So we have two months accrued right now. So you have quite a bit of that impacting the balance at December. We think that some of it was just maybe good luck, good timing and a little bit of just good work on receivables at the end of the first quarter. But we still feel pretty confident that our cash will be what we said in the first year of generating $160 million on the balance sheet at the end of the year. No need to change it right now.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Joseph Campbell - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good afternoon. It's actually Joe Campbell. And I don't want to beat a horse on this spare parts thing. It was interesting, though, Nick, that Collins and United Tech and several of the large aerospace companies reported the same kind of... just not quite as strong as they kind of thought it might be. And they are still holding on to forecasts for the whole year based on travel being up and so on. But it doesn't seem to be something that was unique to any one company, but something we saw a bunch across a lot of companies. On your M&A side, I wondered whether the pricing in the equity markets is making things easier or harder or what do you see, if anything, it's been only a month or two of turbulent markets, but how do you see that affecting the flow of deals?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Joe, I really can't say that I have seen any significant change.
Joseph Campbell - Lehman Brothers: Maybe I am probably a little early.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: As you say, you don't see much response in a month or two. We have a sort of the typical mix of things in our screen and sort of in our backlog or a pipeline of acquisition. It's a fragmented business, we tend to have more small stuff than large stuff as always. I can't say I see a significant difference.
Joseph Campbell - Lehman Brothers: Yes, sometimes what happens is that the market goes down and the public companies lower their expectations and prices and the sellers have some idea in mind it's more historical than current.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Yes, and you get sort of a bid out [ph] spread.
Joseph Campbell - Lehman Brothers: Yes, sometimes there is a little bit of that, but other times they realize if the market is going to be weak, they are not going to get as much and sometimes they then don't sell or they go like gee, it's going to go down for a while and they get out. So it's a little hard to generalize. But usually it does have some sort of impact and sometimes it makes products more available and other times it has this bid out [ph] spread, but probably too early to ask. Well, it's early in the area as well. So we were optimistic about the rest as I hear you are.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Yes, I mean Joe that's my sense in the M&A world, just too early to draw any conclusion.
Joseph Campbell - Lehman Brothers: Well, thanks Nick.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Please proceed.
David E. Strauss - UBS: Good morning, thanks. My only question is the cyclicality you think you have in your aftermarket business, what have you seen in power downturns net coming up say you have been with business for a while I mean what have you seen has happened to your aftermarket business in the past is it just really tract revenue passage in your miles on the way down so back in 02 in 03 when probably when your passing miles were flat to down did your aftermarket business actually go negative and maybe comment on the difference in the businesses you have today versus back then? Thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: I think in the aftermarket response to the market changes, I don't think the mix of products we have now will respond or act about different than the mix of products we had in the past. I can tell you the best... from quarter-to-quarter or month-to-month there is no exact tracking, but over any significant period of time revenue passed your miles has been the best indication of our underlying growth and why I say as if you strip out the acquisitions, if you want to strip out the pricing if you were strip out new business generation but your time has been significant in the aftermarket and look at kind of the core part number... best indication is as I say revenue pass in your miles in a downturn absence on precipitous events like 9/11 or a war. It's very unusual if it... I don't believe it's ever happened that the growth in a year actually goes negative. Maybe variations, maybe rise and run at the 5%, 6% average, it may be drops down to 2% or 3% or something like that. But absent a precipitous event, we have not seen it go negative for any extended period of time and I wouldn't expect we would again unless there is a real shift in the world
David E. Strauss - UBS: Right. And your business obviously...your aftermarket business has been tracking revenue in passenger miles, but it's actually growing at a quicker pace.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: That's right. And as we said when we gave you the guidance beginning of this year, last year's growth which we saw and most people saw, which I want to say was somewhere over 15 and a hair less than 20%, was probably not a sustainable growth rate in the aftermarket.
David E. Strauss - UBS: Okay. So with the way you have characterized, the market is still pretty solid above kind of the normal trend rate but decelerating off of last year?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Yes, what we said is we expect our commercial aftermarket to be up in the low double digits. That was our guidance for the year and we are about the same place now in our view.
David E. Strauss - UBS: Okay, great, thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your next question comes from the line of Fred Buonocore with CJS Securities. Please proceed.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Yes, good morning gentlemen. Just with respect to defense, you talked about expecting 5% to 10% growth for this year. Can you talk a little bit more about where the variability comes in there and any specific programs or anything that would be driving that more towards the upside of the range?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: The big bulk of our aftermarket... the big bulk of our, excuse me, defense comes out of the aftermarket and we are very broadly spread across the platforms. The variability is primarily just timing of orders. Sometimes in the short term, as I say, it can be tough to predict, particularly with the kind of political winds blowing around. Sometimes you will see delays or spikes in orders for short periods of time that without any great apparent reason for it. I mean that's the risk, it's not that we see any significant change in the underlying demand. We have heard rumors at time that the Air Force is running less training flights, but that's been going on for a while and we haven't seen any big impact from that. So I think it's more just timing of orders and kind of the political wind blowing around that can impact you, so --
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Okay, great. And then you also talked about the regional and biz jet sub segment of your OEM biz being down for the quarter but orders up pretty strongly. Could you give us a sense for how big a piece of your OEM those two items are and kind of what your expectations are in those areas for the smaller plane?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Well, let me... I will give you a rough size, and I think we have talked about this before. If you take our commercial OEM business over a cycle, it may swing a little bit from year-to-year. It's roughly evenly spread between commercial transport on one half and regional business jet in the other half. It's about evenly split. That may bounce a little from year-to-year, but doesn't change significantly. As far as the outlook, you mean the outlook for regionals and business jets, is that your question?
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Yes, that's right.
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: I have to say I don't know any more than you new guys know and what the outlook is. It's running at a pretty high rate. I think many people would say that the production rates might peak in 09 and 10 in that. I don't know that I see that any differently, but I also would say I don't have any big insight into it.
Fred Buonocore - CJS Securities: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Franklin with Prudential Financial. Please proceed.
Bob Franklin - Prudential Financial: Hi, I just want to make sure, I heard a couple of things right. You've said you're going to add $160 million or you're guiding to adding $160 million cash to the balance sheet at the end of the year, is that right?
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: 160 is the spread for full 12 months from where we ended our fiscal '07 to where we would end our fiscal '08. And I am just reconfirming the guidance we gave a quarter ago.
Bob Franklin - Prudential Financial: All right. And at the end of '07, fiscal '07, it was roughly $106 million, so we'd look --
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Yes, 105, $106 million... so that's right.
Bob Franklin - Prudential Financial: All right.
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Absent anything else, it would be about 260 at the end of the year.
Bob Franklin - Prudential Financial: Okay. And I think in your prepared comments leading into the call, you gave us how you calculate your leverage number, which if I heard it, I didn't hear ... I could write it down fast enough.
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: Well the actual formula is a last 12 months LTM of a pro forma adjusted EBITDA to take advantage of the acquisitions you make in the middle of the year divided by net debt.
Bob Franklin - Prudential Financial: And what the debt calculation come to you for you?
Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary: 4.0 at the end of this quarter.
Bob Franklin - Prudential Financial: 4.0. Okay. And then with a question about your acquisition strategy right now, with the dollar being as weak as it is, this is a two part question. Dollar being as weakest as it is, are you having more competition to buy companies from overseas companies? And with the volatility in the fixed income markets now, how does that affect your strategy?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: I would say as far as more competition, I can't say that's change substantially. I haven't seen any significant change in that. With respect to the situation in the credit market, if we had a big acquisition that we needed to go into the credit market for, I mean as you guys know, it's a little tougher now than it was six or nine months ago. I don't think that's a big issue to us. Most of the things we see tend to be smaller. And we still have a fair amount of cash. We have a fair amount of room in our revolver and we have some flex [ph] capability in our credit lines. So I don't expect that would be a big problem for the type of things we typically see.
Bob Franklin - Prudential Financial: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: I just wanted to touch on two more things if I could. Ray, you talked about the 787 and some of the work you are doing there. Could you give us a little better sense of how that's transacting... design change is coming in, what is exactly is going on?
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: The 787 program, we don't see that as much different as any other development program right. If you look back historically they all have their bits and starts, these schedule put up by the OEM are rarely ever kept, it usually takes an extra 6 to 12 or 18 months to get the aircraft launch. And we are seeing the same thing on the 787 and of course you have seen it in the media. Our development expense along those lines has crept a bit but not materially in the overall effect in our business this year. As the scope creeps on a little further, we have a little more expense developing the product, but nothing that has derailed any of our new programs. They are all tracking and we expect to finish them up in the next 90 days roughly to 180 days.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Just to delve a little further, are these first article issues or is this production ramp expense?
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: This is development expense to make the first articles and to test them.
Unidentified Company Representative: Engineering.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: It's engineering.
Unidentified Company Representative: It's engineering and materials to support engineering and that sort of thing.
Raymond F. Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer: We are spending some money on tooling and so forth and other production ramp up, but that's normal, normal course of business. That's all in our plan for the year.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: The tooling part would likely be largely anticipated, right? This is just again as you said getting the first article right. And the reason I asked the question is as we all look at this program from a number of angles, only one of which is TransDigm, once we get the first article right, then the ramp should be fairly rapid in terms of volume, right?
Unidentified Company Representative: Correct, correct. You are correct with this.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then a last comment and the last question I have, Nick or Ray is on the PMA side. Anybody getting more interested in your parts?
W. Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Haven't seen any change in the pattern there. It's de minimus and we haven't seen any change of any significance.
Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse: Excellent. Thanks again guys. Take care.
Operator: At this time, there are no further no questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Sean Maroney for closing remarks.
Sean P. Maroney - Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations: Okay. I would like to thank everyone for calling in today and this concludes our first quarter conference call. Thank you.
Operator: : Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-11-19 15:00:00) =====
Executives: Sean Maroney - Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations  Nicholas Howley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Raymond Laubenthal - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Rufus - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse David Strauss  UBS Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities Bob Franklin  Prudential Financial
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter 2007 TransDigm Group Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is [Shikwana] and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference.  (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn you over to your host for today, Mr. Sean Maroney, Director of Corporate Accounting and Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Sean Maroney: Thank you. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigms fiscal 2007 fourth quarter earnings conference call. We will be discussing the results of operations for the period ended September 30th 2007. You should have already received our earnings news release that was issued this morning. If you have not received the release you may retrieve it by visiting www.transdigm.com. A replay of todays broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in our news release. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements please refer to the information regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors included in the companys latest filings with the SEC. These filings are available through the investors section of our website or through the SECs website at www.sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, and adjusted net income, both of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in todays press release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of EBITDA As Defined and adjusted net income to that measure.  Now having taken care of the necessary disclosures, let me introduce Nick Howley our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer who will provide an overview of the business for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2007 year. Following Nick, Ray Laubenthal, our President and Chief Operating Officer will provide a brief overview of 2007 operating activities, followed by Greg Rufus, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer who will discuss the financial results for the period.  With that, Id like to now turn it over to Nick.
Nick Howley: Good morning and thanks to everybody for calling in again to hear about our company. As Ive done in the past, Id like to start with just a short overview of TransDigm since were still relatively new in the public equity market. To remind you, we completed our initial public offering and our shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 15th 2006 under the symbol TDG. At that time we sold about 12.6 million shares or 28% of the ownership at a price of $21 a share. During Q3 2007 we completed the sale of approximately another 11.5 million shares of stock or about 26% of the outstanding shares at the time in a secondary offering. This transaction closed on May 25th 2007 at a price of $35.25 a share. As a result of this last sale, the Warburg Pincus ownership fell to 45% and we are no longer a controlled company under the New York Stock Exchange rules. Our shares closed last Friday evening at $46.29 a share.  Just to quickly reiterate, TransDigm is a supplier of highly engineered aerospace components. These components are used on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in use today. We estimate that about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products. That is products where we own the design. Similarly we estimate that over 75% of our sales come from products for which we are the sole source provider. The commercial business currently counts for about three quarters of our total revenue with the balance being defense related.  We generated approximately 60% of our revenue from aftermarket sales this year. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced higher gross margins and have been more stable than sales to the OEMs. Because of the large installed base of products, the high margins, and relatively low capital expenditure requirements, TransDigm has historically generated very strong free cash flow. This has given us the flexibility to either pursue acquisitions or retire debt.  We have a very consistent value based operating strategy. Its focused around what we refer to as our three value drivers. These are new business development, continual cost improvement and value based pricing. We stick to these concepts as the core of our operating management method. This consistent approach has allowed us to continually improve and increase the intrinsic value of our businesses.  As a key fourth element of our value proposition we have been active acquirers. We acquire proprietary airspace products with significant aftermarket content. We have in total acquired 21 such businesses. We acquired four businesses in three separate transactions in 2007 fiscal year just completed. Now let me turn to the latest financial performance. Ill remind you that this is the fourth quarter review for fiscal year 2007. Our fiscal year ended September 30th.  In Q1, Q2 and Q3 of 06 we had a lot of financial structuring activity, not so much in Q4 but still any profit related comps, particularly versus full year 2006 requires significant adjustments to be meaningful. As Ive said in the past, quarterly comparisons can be significantly impacted by the OEM aftermarket mix, by large orders, by transient inventory fluctuation in the systems, by seasonality and similar factors. But by almost any measure we had a good fourth quarter and a full year twelve months for fiscal year 2007. On a pro forma basis, that is assuming the same mix of businesses in each period, revenues were up about 13.5% on a full year basis versus the prior year end and about the same percent on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Our commercial aerospace market continues to pick up nicely. Our defense business was up significantly in the fourth quarter and more modestly on a year-to-date basis.  As weve done in the past, I will review by market segment on a pro forma basis versus the prior year. That is again, assuming we owned the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial segment, which makes up about three quarters of our volume, commercial OEM revenues were up a little over 10% on a comparable quarter and 13% on a year-to-date basis. We saw growth of about 20% on full year shipments in the business jet OEM shipments. Commercial transport shipments for the full year were up in the high single-digits percent. This was negatively impacted as the A380 delays impacted prior year comps specifically in Q2 and Q3. Q4 versus the prior year picked up significantly again in the commercial transport area. Commercial aftermarket revenues were up about 15% on a comparable quarter basis and almost 20% on a full year basis. We continue to see strength across the board in this segment. As weve said in the past, we are skeptical regarding the sustainability of this rate of growth in the commercial aftermarket business through the upcoming year.  In the defense segment, which makes up a little less than a quarter of our business, revenues were up almost 20% on a quarter-versus-quarter basis after being slow for the first three quarters. With the Q4 pickup, defense revenues ended the year up about 6% versus the prior year. Incoming defense orders for both full year and Q4 were up significantly over the prior year. This is due to a large degree to a number of multiyear orders, some of the larger being Bradley Vehicle Chain Gun motor upgrades, Sikorsky for the U860 helicopter, infrared countermeasure electronics upgrades and the A400M orders for our new composite product lines made up a lot of the increase in defense orders.  Defense business is always tough to predict in the near term. We remain cautious. Defense buys are still at historically high levels and always subject to some political wins. We dont anticipate significant real growth. We are more bullish on defense revenues for next year than we have been in the last few years.  If I move to profitability, and on a reported basis, I remind you again there was a lot of financing activity over the last two years and Greg will review some of that in his numbers. I am going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined excluding the various onetime charges. On a Q4 versus comparable quarter basis, our EBITDA As Defined of $76.6 million is up 46% versus the prior year quarter. On a full year basis our EBITDA As Defined is up about 40%. The EBITDA As Defined margin is 45.6% for Q4. This is slightly higher than the Q4 a year ago of 45.1% in spite of the slightly diluted impact of the acquisitions.  For the full year EBITDA margins were 46.3% or about 1.5 points higher than last year. This is due primarily to the rich aftermarket mix in the year as well as strong operating performance offset somewhat again by the diluted impact of some of our acquisitions. As Ive said in the past, small changes in mix can move the margins up or down a few points in the quarters here.  In 2007 we made four acquisitions in three transactions for a total purchase price of about $500 million. We acquired all good solid proprietary component businesses and theyre all generally tracking our expectations. With respect to the acquisition pipeline, we continue actively looking at opportunities. We have a typical pipeline of possibilities, more small than large.  We remain disciplined and very focused on value creation opportunities, valuations - especially for businesses that go to auction - remain high. We havent seen any significant drop in valuations at this point. Predicting the timing of any closures is always very difficult and we refrain from doing that. In general as you know, we dont discuss any specifics on acquisitions unless theyre closed. With four acquired businesses, three plant or product line moves, and a rising market across the board in 2007, the year was pretty busy.  Im going to ask Ray Laubenthal, our Chief Operating Officer just to give you a short operating review and some details on the operations. Right?
Ray Laubenthal: Thanks Nick. Having completed my second full year as President and Chief Operating Officer, and my 14th year with TransDigm I can say 2007 was a very busy and successful year in operations. Throughout 2007 our operating team successfully integrated four new acquisitions while keeping a disciplined focus on our three value drivers. Since June of 2006, we purchased Sweeney Engineering, CDA Intercorp, ATI which is comprised of three locations Avtech, West Coast Specialties and ADS/Transicoil, and we most recently acquired Bruce Industries.  Each of these units we quickly went to work integrating our proven value drivers of value pricing, productivity improvement and focused new business efforts. To fortify these efforts we installed proven TransDigm managers in various key positions at these new locations. During fiscal 2007, we reaped productivity gains by physically moving and consolidating three businesses and reducing the head count in the acquired businesses by 17% while the associated revenue percent increased by double digits. We also continued to invest in profitable new business programs. On the Boeing 787 and the Airbus A380 and A400M aircrafts we secured contracts totaling more than double our [ship set] dollar content versus the dollar content we had on the predecessor aircraft.  Here are just a few examples of the new applications that broaden our product offerings. On the Boeing 787 we provide the highly engineered composite tubing and isolation connectors for the fuel and hydraulics systems. We will also supply the entire digital flight deck audio communication system. On the Airbus A380 we are providing a horizontal stabilizer hydraulic control valve module and the cockpit door security system. On the A400M we are providing the propulsion systems main and arterially hydraulic pump and we are providing a set of six hydraulic valve modules to control landing gear articulation.  We continue to be very active in finalizing our Boeing 787 designs and manufacturing processes. The spending and activity continues particularly heavy in our new composite fuel line products down at AdelWiggin and the audio systems at Avtech. This development and expense will likely continue through most of fiscal year 2008 with the recent Boeing 787 schedule change.  In addition to these new programs we renegotiated several large long-term agreements on existing production plant forms whereby we solidified our market position and improved our overall economics. We also continued to implement favorable pricing that reflected a fair share of the value we provide.  Greg will review the financial information in more detail.
Greg Rufus: Thanks. As Nick and Ray have mentioned, FY06 and 07 have been very dynamic with an IPO in FY06, a follow-on secondary offering in FY07, a financial restructuring in FY06 and debt borrowings in FY07, all while completing five acquisitions during this two year reporting timeframe. As we have said all year, associated with these activities are several cash, and non-cash, accounting charges, and very specific rules for acquisition accounting. We have highlighted the major items in the supplemental information included in todays press release, and there will be full descriptions of these items in our 10-K, which we anticipate filing this Wednesday, November 21. I point this out because these items do come into play when comparing results to prior periods.  With that, Ill now focus on our GAAP results for the fourth quarter, compared to the prior year fourth quarter, commenting on the major line items in this mornings press release. As you could see, fourth quarter sales were 168 million, up 52.1 million, or 45%, from the prior year. Excluding acquisitions, our organic sales growth was up $19.2 million, or 16.6% increase over the prior year. Our recent acquisitions, that is, CDA, Aviation Technologies, and Bruce, contributed $32.9 million, or 28.4%, to the quarter.  Reported gross profit was $88.1 million, or 52.4% of sales. This $29.6 million increase is 50.6% greater than the prior year, and greater than our sales growth. The reported gross profit margin increased 180 basis points, despite the dilute of impact of our acquisitions of ATI.  As I mentioned last quarter, our GAAP results are negatively impacted by non-cash, purchase price accounting charges for inventory step-up, and other acquisition-related expenses. This quarter, we expensed $2 million of acquisition-related expenses and cost of sales. $1.6 million was for inventory step-up, amortization, primarily related to the ATI acquisition, which was completed in February. The remainder was start-up expenses. This $2 million compares to $800,000 of similar charges in the prior period. Excluding charges for acquisition-related expenses, the current quarter gross profit margin would have been 53.6%, up approximately 250 basis points versus the prior fourth quarter.  The significant expansion in margin was attributable to the strength of our proprietary products, favorable market mix on the increase in commercial aftermarket sales, and continued productivity efforts from both our recent acquisitions and our more mature operating units, along with operating leverage on higher sales.  Selling and administrative expense was 11.2% of sales for the quarter, compared to prior year expense, at 9.7% of sales. Research and development spending was 140 basis points greater than the prior period, in support of the new business programs Ray spoke of earlier.  Amortization expense increased $2.2 million, or 90 basis points, versus the prior year quarter. This increase is primarily a result of the acquisitions of CDA and ATI made during this fiscal year. Over half of the increase, or $1.3 million, is accelerated amortization for order backlog, which is typically expensed over a 12-month period, the majority of which will be fully amortized by the second quarter of 2008. The above activity resulted in fourth quarter from operations to be $65.5 million, or 39% of sales. This compares to the prior year income from operations of $45.5 million, or 39.3% of sales.  Net interest expense was $25.4 million, a net increase of $7.4 million versus the prior year fourth quarter. This increase in interest expense reflects the additional $430 million of debt we added in February with the ATI acquisition. For the quarter, our weighted average level of borrowing was about $1.4 billion, versus about $900 million a year ago; and the average interest rate was flat, at approximately 7.7% for both quarters.  Regarding our tax provision, our effective tax rate was 38.5% this quarter, and 37.6% for the year, compared to 39.4% for FY06. The lower effective tax rate was primarily due to lower state and local taxes as a percentage of EBIT, along with the decrease of non-deductible public offering expenses year over year. We are forecasting our 08 effective tax rate at approximately 36.5%. We anticipate our 08 cash tax payments to be approximately $45 million.  Our fourth quarter net income was $24.7 million, or 14.7% of net sales, compared to $15.2 million, or 13.1% of net sales in the prior year. This is a 62% improvement for the quarter. With the net income improvement, on a GAAP basis, Q4 diluted EPS, was $0.50 per share, compared to $0.32 per share a year ago, a 56% improvement in the quarterly comparable. Our adjusted diluted EPS, which more closely matches our EBITDA as defined, was $0.57 per share, which is a 63% improvement versus the prior year quarter.  Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $110 million for the year. We ended the year with $106 million of cash on the balance sheet. This cash balance included the use of approximately $90 million for the three acquisitions made during the year. Adjusted for acquisitions, our accounts receivable and inventory metrics are within our normal operating parameters. As you know, we financed the majority of the ATI acquisition with debt. At the end of the year, our net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio, was 4.3 times, compared to 5.0 at the end of March, just after the ATI acquisition. Assuming no acquisitions or other unusual items, we anticipated this ratio to decrease one full turn in 08.  Let me now take a minute or two to summarize our fiscal 07 performance. For those of you whove closely followed our performance during this very active and challenging period, I hope youll be just as pleased as we are about the following.  For the fiscal year compared to the prior year, our net sales are up 36%. Our EBITDA As Defined was 46% of sales, and up 41%. Our adjusted diluted EPS of $2.10 is up 60%. Our GAAP net income is up 253%, and our GAAP-diluted EPS of $1.83 is up 245%. With all that we had going on, these are darn good numbers, and we closed out with one heck of a year.  Having said that, 07 is now over, and it is a new year, so lets review the 08 guidance in this mornings press release. Back to you Nick. 
Nick Howley: Yeah, let me just take a second to run through the 08 guidance and give you a little more information on it, and then we can get to questions. If I look at next year, again assuming the existing mix of business, and generally the market trends continuing as we anticipate, we now expect revenues to be in the $680-$700 million range. Thats about 16% up on a reported basis. This is about 10% organic growth, with the balance coming from the full year of acquisitions.  We expect our fiscal 2008 results to be stronger in the second half; with fewer shipping days, our fiscal first quarter is typically the slowest. Also, just to remind you, the interest expense, and the other acquisition-related amortization expenses will likely be significantly higher in the first quarter of FY2008, compared to the first quarter of FY2007.  We expect a 2008 EBITDA As Defined to be in the range of $312-$324 million, also up about 16% versus the prior year. As usual, the new acquisitions mix our EBITDA percent down modestly. We expect our conversion of EBITDA As Defined to cash, absent any acquisitions, to be consistent with our prior years conversions, or in other words, we dont see any unusual working capital or capital expenditure issues.  The adjusted diluted EPS on the same basis is above, thats excluding deferred comps, stock options, acquisition kind of expenses, should be in the range of $2.43 to $2.53 per share, up 15-20%. If we compare to 2007 on a pro forma basis, again thats as though we own the same mix of businesses in both years, we are anticipating that our commercial aerospace OEM revenues will grow at about 10%, with the growth a little higher than that in commercial transport, and a little lower in the other sectors. Our commercial aerospace aftermarket revenue, we are currently forecasting to grow in the low double-digit percents. Our defense revenue, we are expecting growth in the high single-digit percents. In fiscal year 2008, the recent Boeing 787 schedule stretch-out will likely result in some higher development expenses than we had originally anticipated for 2008. There will be some very modest revenue reduction, and some very modest working capital increases. At this point, we do not believe any of these are significant to the 2008 expected financial performance.  Just in summary, 2007 was a good year, and we look to 2008 at this time to be another good year. And with that, can we open this for questions? 
Operator: Yes sir.  (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. Yeah, a really good quarter, and a really nice year, Nick. Congratulations. 
Nick Howley: Thanks. 
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: I wondered if you would tell us a little bit more about 787, not with respect to development expenses, but the delivery schedule. Have you changed, either Nick or Ray, the deliveries you had scheduled to the other suppliers on the program, or do you expect to change those? Can you give us a little more color there? 
Nick Howley: Changed from what Carter? 
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: From the pre-delay schedule. Have you changed at all the units that you were going to ship to the other sort of tier one guys on some of these products. 
Nick Howley: Carter, as I said at the end of the 08, a little bit, but not much. Not much. We are seeing a mix of a little bit of delays on some. On the other hand, many of our products are trying to hurry, hurry, hurry, get as much as you can. Everythings behind anyway, so keep shipping. So I think, net, it will be down a little lower than we might have expected, but not proportional to the drop-off in deliveries. And we dont think it has any material impact on our numbers for the year. 
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: But it is more accelerated and loaded in the back half than your original plan, correct? 
Nick Howley: Yeah, thats right. I think thats fair. You know, Carter, let me just add, that its a little unclear at this point, because we sort of have a mix. Some people are telling us to hurry up and ship as much as you can, and others are kind of tempering a little bit. So its a little hard to sort out that timing exactly. But again, for the year, dont see much impact. 
Ray Laubenthal: And again, it doesnt impact the pre-tax a whole heck of a lot. 
Nick Howley: Right, right. 
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Second one, on ATI, I wondered if youd comment a little bit about the growth, if you look at that business as a standalone, how that came in, in the quarter. It looks to be pretty flat, if I look at Q2 versus Q3 on a sequential basis. I would have expected it maybe to have grown a little bit sequentially, and I wondered if the growth at ATI was living up to your expectations. 
Nick Howley: Honestly, Carter, I just cant, I dont remember what the sequential quarters-over-quarter basis were, but I can say, that in general, it is meeting our revenue expectations, that we did when we bought it. With puts and takes, the commercial business is running a little ahead of where we thought, and the defense business is running a little behind, but the net of the two, is its just about on our expectations. As I said, with those kind of puts and takes. 
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Yeah. And one for Greg. Greg, the options, and the pretty sizable jump in the share count, it seems like as related to those performance-based options that you had, which I guess are now being included into the share count, when does that jump sort of conclude, and we get more of a leveling off in the share creep, as opposed to maybe the last couple of quarters? 
Greg Rufus: Well, the share creep is really more a function of the 10b5-1 programs. You know, as you know, weve had a lot of options within the company for a long time, Carter, and some of these options are really from prior plans, and they mature in the 2009, 2010 time frame, so some people are exercising them as the due dates come. When that happens, as they sell them into the market, they go one for one as a share of common stock, opposed to the treasury method that we calculated when we first went public. So youll see the share count, I would anticipate the share conversion could approach about a million shares during 08 and we disclosed that in the earnings release, which really doesnt have anything to do with the, where the current program is. But having said that, the current program was established in 2003 and it matures in 2008, and there was some cliff vesting in 2008, so therell be quite a few shares that go from unvested to vested at the end of 08, after we hit our five year and current year cumulative numbers.
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers: Thats very helpful, thank you very much. And good quarter guys. 
Nick Howley: Carter, just to expand, when Greg says mature in 09 and 010 he means expire, right? 
Greg Rufus: Yeah. 
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers: Correct. 
Nick Howley: So thats why you get some people moving on them. 
Carter Copeland  Lehman Brothers: Great, thanks guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse, please proceed. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Nick, I think you started to answer one of my first questions at the tail end of your monologue there with the organic growth in 08 by segment or market area? And I think you said the commercial transport would edge higher, sort of above the 10% level. Could you talk a little bit there about how the OE mix shifts as 787 and A380 ramp? 
Nick Howley: Let me ask you to clarify the question again, are you asking how our overall mix, or how our sales on 787 and A380 shift? 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: I think the context would be, I think you said earlier that about 60% of 07 was after market. 
Nick Howley: Thats right. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: So how should we think about 08, because favorable aftermarket mixes clearly played a supporting role on margins, so thats where Im going with this? 
Nick Howley: Yeah, I guess the way you might think about that is if you look at next year, the numbers we gave you we disclosed here are that the aftermarket is growing in the low double-digit percent, and the OEM is growing at around 10%, and if you apply that to our current 60:40 mix, you that wont change the mix a whole heck of a lot. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Itll raise the aftermarket a little bit. 
Nick: A little bit, but not a heck of a lot. You know if you run the arithmetic youll see it wont change it a heck of a lot. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Plus, the other part of this, though, is that the OE will increasingly become less mature program. 
Nick Howley: Thats right. Thats right. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: And so how should we think about that with respect to margins. 
Nick Howley: I think we gave you some margin guidance. You know if you look at the EBITDA as adjusted, and I want to say the percent is roughly flat year over year, and that sort of passes the smell test to me in that the aftermarkets growing slightly faster than the OEM but not a lot, that would 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: A higher margin and so the OE margin would be a little lower. 
Nick Howley: Well the OE would be a little lower with a little bit of a dilutive impact to the acquisition; you know that kind of passes a logic test. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Well then digging a little deeper into 787 like Carter did, who are your major customers on this program? Who are you shipping most of this stuff to? 
Nick Howley: Either our biggest are Boeing or the Boeing subcontract manufacturers like Mitsubishi and MHI and people like that. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: So its more on the air structures? 
Nick Howley: Well, let me finish, Rockwell Collins, particularly on the audio systems that we sell, and were selling a lot of audio systems now to that. Honeywell is a big one. Ray, am I missing any? 
Ray Laubenthal: You hit the big ones, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and FHI, and Rockwell. 
Nick Howley: And Rockwell Collins, and Honeywell. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: And Ray maybe this is a question for you. Are you generally doing youre, you mentioned R&D earlier, are you doing most of your own design work here? Are you building to print? Hows this work? 
Ray Laubenthal: Were doing all of our own design work. Were not a build to print company. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Okay, and then have you gotten timely schematics on all of this, to the extent that you need them? Because we understand that one of the issues here with this program is the design change activity, and there are different levels of performance from different tiered suppliers across the chain here, and theres been a lot of movement. Could you give us any context? 
Nick Howley: Let me just say were seeing somewhat the same thing. Getting the scope finalized and dealing with scope creep here as the project approaches the end is an issue for us too. You know, thats one of the reasons that Ray pointed out that we expect the 08 R&D expense to stay up a little longer in the year than we anticipated. If you asked us six months ago, we would have said wed have been shutting most of this down in the first half of the year, we dont see that happening now. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Right. Two other brief things, I hope. One for Greg, one for Nick and Ray. For Greg, can you give us some reconciliation of the differences between GAAP and adjusted EBITDA in 08? 
Greg Rufus: Can I give it to you in EPS? 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Yeah, really qualitatively, I just want to make sure I have the right line items in the right magnitude. 
Greg Rufus: A lot of, in EPS base, our adjusted EPS guidance has a difference of $0.16 in 08, and were coming out at $0.27 in 07, the biggest difference, or the decline in that is the reduction in the purchase price accounting and a lot of start-up expense and backlog amortization. That was about $0.19 to the $0.27 in 07, and itll be about $0.04 to a nickel in 08.
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Okay, thats very, very helpful. And the last question guys, again more for Nick and Ray, the pricing environment for your products out there today. 
Ray Laubenthal: We dont see any difference in the pricing environment this year versus last year. 
Robert Spingarn  Credit Suisse: Okay, excellent. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS, please proceed. 
David Strauss  UBS: Good morning, thanks. 
Ray Laubenthal: Good morning David. 
David Strauss  UBS: Almost all of my questions have been asked, I have a couple more. SG&A as a percent of sales, Greg, has ticked up the last couple of quarters. What is included in that and whats driving that? 
Greg Rufus: Theres two items on a GAAP basis. Some of it is our recent acquisitions had a little more than before and our R&D has ticked up a bit David. 
David Strauss  UBS: Okay, so R&D is baked in there as well. 
Greg Rufus: Yes.
David Strauss - UBS: And CapEx, your CapEx outlook into 2008. 
Greg Rufus: This is our normal numbers, but the absolute dollars I want to say is $16 million, in and around there, which is within that 2% of sales that is, weve historically used David. 
David Strauss  UBS: Greg, what do you think of the maintenance CapEx number for the business? 
Greg Rufus: You know David, we really dont break it out between maintenance and new product development. Each year you have your fair slug of what you have to replace, but if theres nothing unusual in the current plan or nothing in the next year or two that would signify a change in our capital spending pattern. Ray? 
Ray Laubenthal: Thats correct Greg, we didnt have anything in the 08 plan that pumped up the maintenance. In fact its a very modest lower than 07, its unchanged. 
David Strauss  UBS: Okay. 
Nick Howley: I think the number weve always given people to use for planning is 2-2.5% of our revenues. We see no reason to give any other number, the high end of that usually ends up being conservative. 
David Strauss: Okay, and then your tax rate, 36.5% for 08, its a little bit lower than what youve been running at historically. Is that kind of a normal run rate going forward in the out years, you think, is there anything unusual in that tax rate? 
Greg Rufus: No we believe that thats going to be more normal going out. At the end of 07 we went through a significant state tax reorganization which we had to slow, as with all the entities we had we cleaned up our legal organization and as a benefit of that we were able to lower our state tax rate which helps get it down to that 36.5%. 
David Strauss - UBS: Okay, and then on 787, that Rob and Carter both asked about, just to be clear, so you are still in the process of finalizing, or Boeing I guess finalizing the design on some of your parts, and if so can you specify exactly which parts those are? 
Nick Howley: No, we cant specify exactly which parts they are. But, I would say, this is a fairly complicated engineering project and its not unusual that therell be scope changes and tweaks in design at the end, and thats what were seeing. You know, were seeing that and thats stretching out the development a little longer than we thought. 
David Strauss  UBS: And when does this all need to happen by, you think, for Boeing to kind of keep to its revised schedule? When do we need to see everything finalized? 
Ray Laubenthal: Well first off 
Nick Howley: Remind me, Ray, when the first flight is again? 
Ray Laubenthal: The first flight was in May, and they pushed that out? 
Nick Howley: And they pushed it out to when again? 
Ray Laubenthal: October, November, they pushed it out three to six months. 
Nick Howley: You know, you cant be going a lot past the middle of our year, is February, March time frame. Its going to get pretty tough if youre still moving around then. 
David Strauss  UBS: Okay, thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Anderson with Calyon Securities. Please proceed. 
Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities: Good morning guys. How are you doing? 
Ray Laubenthal: Fine. 
Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities: Im going back to the operating margin for a moment here. Looking at it on an adjusted basis, on the last conference call your guidance indicated that it would be down a bit on this quarter, and that it would probably be impacted by the product mix, and now that the results are out, was it primarily the mix and the elevated SG&A or was there anything else going on? 
Ray Laubenthal: Versus, whats your comparison versus the prior, the third quarter or the fourth quarter of prior year? 
Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities: Well it was down year-over-year un-sequentially, but we can look at it quarter-over-quarter.
Greg Rufus: When I look at the EBITDA as defined, I thought we were up a little bit over the prior year, so Im not sure where youre numbers going, but the two items we mentioned, a little bit of R&D, and some mix of the two drivers, theres nothing underneath those numbers that would cause them to move any different. 
Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities: Okay. And then going back to the elevated SG&A. 
Nick Howley: The EBITDA margin is up, not down. 
Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities: Im sorry, the operating margin. 
Nick Howley: We look at the EBITDA because we have purchase price accounting items that hit. The amortization and things like that are included in the operating, correct Sean? 
Sean Maroney: Yes 
Nick Howley: So, you know, thats why we take you to the supplemental pages in our press release, because the amortizations of backlog etcetera hit operating profit margin. Thats why we get back to EBITDA As Defined, Evan. 
Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities: Okay, and then I guess you would expect the SG&A to remain a little bit elevated into the first half of 08 as youre expecting the higher R&D expenses to remain? 
Ray Laubenthal: Thats fair. 
Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities: And my last question, could you disclose the sales order backlog for the quarter, where it stood? 
Nick Howley: I dont remember the number, but its in the 10-K, isnt it? 
Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities: Thatll be in the 10-K, fair enough. 
Nick Howley: We show it out for the year, we dont break it out by quarter. 
Evan Anderson  Calyon Securities: Alright. That you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Bob Franklin with Prudential Financial, please proceed. 
Bob Franklin  Prudential Financial: Hi, you mentioned youre going to deliver a turn in the next year, where are you comfortable, or where do you want to be with leverage? 
Nick Howley: Let me just say that we dont publish a number on that, and we dont have a number on that. I will say that this is a business that is used to running at a pretty good leverage level. You know, we have a pretty predictable cash flow; we generate a lot of cash from our businesses. We look at the management of the capital structure as just another way to generate equity value, in addition to the operations. Our goal is to hit the right mix, the right debt level to maximize the equity, and that can change in different capital market conditions. What I would think, our range in the past has typically run, probably, from a low 3.5 to a high or 5.5 or 6, this is multiples of EBITDA. 3.5, frankly, is too low for this company. Thats not an optimal capital structure. 
Bob Franklin  Prudential Financial: Okay, so if youre 4.3 now by your math and you go down to 3.3, we can expect that not to last for very long. 
Nick Howley: Our first choice would be to find good accretive acquisitions that would be our first choice, and that would be our overwhelming choice, and if we cant find that wed find some other way to optimize the capital structure. 
Bob Franklin  Prudential Financial: Okay, it sounds like its not by prepaying debt then. 
Nick Howley: Whatever makes sense. Our goal will always be to maximize the equity value. Were big shareholders. Were not afraid of leverage, but our goal will always be to maximize the equity value. And wherever makes sense, where ever the capital market stands at the time we have to make the call, thats what well try and do. 
Bob Franklin  Prudential Financial: Whats the market looking like right now for good accretive acquisitions? 
Nick Howley: I dont know that its substantially different than it was for the last couple of years. Its tough to find. Prices are higher than wed like but we continue to beat the bushes like we always do. We have a backlog not terribly dissimilar to what weve had in the past. The rate at which they can close I just dont know. 
Bob Franklin  Prudential Financial: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: (Operator instructions) At this time there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Maroney for closing remarks. 
Sean Maroney: Well, wed like to thank everyone for calling in today, and well look forward to our next conference call. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation; you may now disconnect, and have a good day.
